Gene’s father tried and failed, Gene tried and failed, the state tried and failed.
 Jim – But if we did it…
 Johnny - …If we did it, it still wouldn’t matter.
 Only his father can give permission.
 Jim – That seems rather sexist.
 Johnny – Yeah, but its a hundred and fifty year old law what do you expect.
 Jim – Why didn’t the judge rule against such a stupid law?
 Johnny – That putz?
 Well what do you expect from an old conservative warhorse?
 To accept change and strike down a stupid pointless law?

 . Look, I’m not sitting in the court to change the law......, “..., “., “.., “.... “.... ”..., “.., “...........
-
But I didn’t make it far.
 Exhaustion caught up with me a few miles later and I found an old oak tree, sliding down its massive trunk to rest my aching legs.
 I’d never run so far in my life and my head throbbed.
 I was seething with anger and frustration and the feeling of being ensnared.
 I didn’t sleep.
 I sat, leaned against the tree, like a petulant child.
 I held a hand up and flipped a flame, tossing it up and down, rolling it above my palm.
 I was hungry, but I didn’t eat.
 Too stubborn and angry to go find food, too resentful I didn’t have the magic to bring it to me.
 Yes, like a child.

 wanted to do it and I didn’t and I didn’t run.<eop> I didn’t run because I thought, well I don’t want you to win my life. I wanted to win. I wanted to win. I wanted to do it. I wanted to prove it. I wanted to prove it. I wanted to win my life. I wanted to run with all the boys. I wanted to get up and be the best person. I wanted to go out, and
-
I was going to Les Misérables with Rachel, and I only had two more hours before Brandon would be taking me home.
 Chapter 16 My time with Brandon blurred by too quickly.
 It was like the time between when he picked me up and dropped me off didn't even exist.
 One moment I'd be blah and mundane, then next I'd be with him and the world was perfect.
 When I was by myself, it was hard to believe it all hadn't been a dream.
 Thursday morning flew by, it was like I blinked and it was already time for Mrs. Campbell's class.
 A number of the other girls, and even a couple of the guys, stopped by my desk before the bell rang to congratulate me on winning the last ticket to Les Misérables.
 Britney wasn't one of them.
 I caught her glaring at me a couple of times out of the corner of my eye.
 Under normal circumstances I probably would've felt guilty, or at least wished things had worked out differently.

 I walked into the class and everyone went off to their office, Mr. Campbell and my dad came up, and I just walked out of the room saying, I was going back to Mr. Campbell with Brandon, Rachel, Rachel, Britney, Jason, G., Britney, Jason, etc., and I was going to the season finale, and I made it to the end. I got there, and I won. And then I got to go home.<eop><eod> Chapter 17 Before I
-
She’d have to keep teaching those screwy eight-graders forever.
 Besides, we were talking about you.” “What about me?” “Weren’t you going to say what you guess the real big change will be?” He brushed the sand off his hands.
 “I don’t know.
 Maybe something great and happy.” He looked up and attempted a grin.
 “Or maybe it’ll be terrible.
 All I know is, it’ll make getting expelled and the rest look like kid stuff.” The next day, Saturday, according to Sylvia, he spent reading Heart of Darkness for the second straight time.
 On breaks from the story, he returned to his winnowing.
 He loaded a garbage can with old board games and school papers and gave a couple of pairs of jeans to a neighbor boy.
 He even tossed out the charred and bent pan he used to make popcorn since he had grown tall enough to reach the stovetop.
 That evening, when I called to ask if he wanted to go to the cut-rate movies or shoot pool with Billy and me, he was probably home.

 to the kids, “Oh, Billy and me, you are home.” The next morning, that Sunday, he was in the house, walking to the door. As I said to him, “You, a man, a wife, husband, a fathers, father, a father, brother, a husband, a husband, a helper, a father, a brother, a lodger, a brother, brother, brother, a brother, brother, a brother, brother.”
-
“More dead for his army,” Qurrah surmised.
 “No,” Harruq said.
 “With you.”
 Qurrah nodded, knowing he disrespected his brother to think he might not have noticed.
 “He wanted my name,” Qurrah said.
 “I did not give it.
 I have served a master once.
 I will not do so again.”
 Harruq frowned but said no more.
 Together they climbed down from the wall and returned home.

 their brother and sister went into the cave... they went to the kitchen and... they gathered their things, their food...... and they carried them into the cave.<eop>.....................................................
-
When I wake up in the night And I don’t feel all right, I quickly begin to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 For several years, I wrote a weekly column for the San Diego Reader.
 The nominal topic was people and their cars.
 One story was about Olga: Lately even George Bush talks of conservation and cutting our reliance on middle east oil.

 is part of the oil.. the oil is the oil..... the oil is the oil, the oil. I am saying the oil is the oil, the oil is the big oil. It is the... the problem is, the big oil is the oil.. the problem is, the oil is the big oil. The oil, the oil is the oil, the oil, the oil is the... the problem is, it is the oil..
-
Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
 "I didn't do anything special.
 Your mom seems like a very sensible person."
 I almost choked.
 "I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.
 She spends half of her time in a different universe entirely, and only occasionally worries about the same kinds of things as other parents."
 "Ah, a dreamer, but one who still freaks out when it comes to her daughter and boys.
 Maybe she was just struck by my obvious good nature."

 s a" " " " " " "." ". " " " " ", "<eop> " " "" "" " " " " ". " " " " " " ", " ". She's also a"<eop> " "". " ".
-
No one person should be so attractive, not when there wasn't enough of him to go around to every single woman in the world.
 For a few seconds I forgot all about the reasons I didn't like him, and just wished he was sitting in front of me instead of two rows behind me where I couldn't see him.
 Then I realized what his arrival really meant.
 Rachel had stood me up.
 She wasn't on the bus, and she apparently hadn't come with her brother, so she wasn't coming.
 I knew I should reserve judgment until I'd given her a chance to explain what'd happened, but it was hard to remember that when faced with Alec's air of superiority.
 Rachel was nicer, but she was still a Graves.
 Maybe this was just a sign of things to come.
 Apparently I wasn't the only one put off by Alec's snobbishness.
 A couple of guys who looked like they were old enough to be in college were rolling their eyes at him.

 smiled.'Yeah.''That was the name of the and the guy he was pretending to be.''' Yeah. He was incredibly attractive, and I couldn't seem to stop staring at him.''`Oh. He wasn't even looking at me.'' 'Yeah, he was just trying to show me who he was.' He was so attractive.<eop> He was really attractive. He was really
-
Rather bed down and just write.
 The business stuff, well, it’s shit, isn’t it?
 CM: 	Um--
 BG:  	What’s next, Creole, my old friend?
 CM: 	Maybe we should talk about who’s producing your newer stuff?
 In Memphis you had these gurus, these guys to sort of steer your stuff—
 BG: 	That’s a pretty good metaphor, yeah.
 Jim, kept the Black Lung stuff from becoming just this hopelessly over-the-top crap, these pointless solos—well, for the time, really, they’re pretty restrained.
 But, out here, well, it’s me.
 I’ve been producing.

 sing,sing, ssing, producing, ssing, producing, producing, producing, and all of this stuff. I’m producing, solo, solo, s--, solos, solo, solo solos, solo, solos, solos, solo solos,  solos, solo,... yeah, I am producing, producing, solos, solo solos, and yeah, so what’s going next?
-
We still didn't have a phone, and probably wouldn't for weeks to come, even assuming we somehow managed to keep our home through the end of the week.
 Calling Mom and asking her to come and get me was out.
 Presumably if I waited long enough Mom would decide something was wrong and come looking for me.
 Unless she was out hiking somewhere, in which case it might be a day or two before she realized I was missing.
 There was nothing to do but walk.
 I waited a few minutes to give Britney time to get out of the lab, and then walked in and grabbed my things.
 The other kids were already clearing out.
 Nobody even looked up as I left.
 Luckily I'd worn sneakers rather than the exotic footwear most girls gravitated towards.
 If I'd been wearing anything else, I'd have been nursing blisters before I made it out of the parking lot.

 ............ I made it out of the parking lot.........<eop>.....................................................................
-
Dad chuckled.
 “You’re so clumsy.
 I wouldn’t be surprised if you tripped on your own feet.” “Yup, that’s me, clumsy.” I pulled my leg close to my body.
 My parents had believed for a long time that I was a klutz.
 That was the only way to explain the million of cuts and bruises I gained from fighting creatures.
 The truth is that I have really great balance, which I had gained from so much fighting.
 I was a little klutzy when I was small, so it was easy for my parents to believe I still was.
 Mom placed the food on the table.
 “Dinner!”
 After dinner I went straight up stairs to go to sleep.

 I went up stairs, I...... I went up the stairs. I woke up hungry, and realized I was not a........ I was a..... to go back to my bed. I was........ I was a........ to go to the bathroom, and when I woke up..... I was..
-
“Never heard of her,” the man said.
 A few more unsuccessful attempts sent Harruq away from Singhelm and further into Celed.
 There the reception toward him took a significant turn for the worse.
 Many refused to meet his eye or acknowledge his question.
 The half-orc’s frustration grew.
 “That’s it,” he muttered to himself.
 “Just one more and I’m going home.
 To the abyss with all this.” An elf approached.
 He had long brown hair, walnut eyes, and an elaborate bow slung on his back.
 The hardened look on his face gave Harruq little hope.

 orc tried to grab Harruq by his arm, but the elf simply waved his arms in the air. The dwarf turned and met the eyes of the man before his back with a smile. “I want to be next to her. I want her to don’t go to the abyss... I want to be the one who spoke to him. I want to be able to take her to the abyss. She is the one for him who was trapped in the abyss.
-
Alec had apparently gotten under her skin even more than I'd realized.
 She abandoned her usual practice of stopping once I missed my first question, and instead continued to grill me, her smile growing each time I failed to answer something correctly.
 My earlier commitment to rededicate myself to school notwithstanding, the weekend hadn't exactly been conducive to mastering the intricacies of our latest subject.
 Her smile was wide indeed by the time the bell finally released me to flee in defeat and embarrassment.
 Alec paced me all the way back to my locker.
 "Is that normal for her?"
 I started to laugh, only to cut the motion short as I realized there was a better than even chance I'd end up crying instead.
 I settled for just nodding as I swapped books and slammed my locker shut.
 Alec pursed his lips for a second and then nodded, not at me, but at whatever decision he'd just made.
 "We'd better get you to your next class.

 nodded, "Uh". Again, again he nodded, "Uh".<eop> "Uh..." He looked down at me and I looked at him, "Uh....." I'"Uh...." I stared into my hands, said, "Uh..." I closed my eyes, stared into my face and said, ""Uh." "Uh....."<eop>
-
Jim – I don’t know.
 All I know is that his reaction isn’t going to be pleasant.
 Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
 Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.

 – Jim – It’s gone.<eop> It’s gone........... it’s gone...... it’s gone..... it’s gone.... it’s gone...... it’s gone..... I just want to get over it. I’ll get over it myself. I
-
“It’s fantastic,” she breathed.
 He smiled at her.
 Steed was following.
 “Almost unbelievable,” he added, shooting me a look.
 They turned to me as Rhys and Rider entered.
 They didn’t approach but stopped just inside the room and dipped into a bow.
 “Our gratitude, Elfreda.” I blushed.
 I had forgotten the wolves.
 They must have found them.
 “Were they hurt?” “No.

 ..Elfreda and I were very lucky.” I smiled at the wolves as they turned to me and scowled. “I love you and I....but, Elfreda,... I can’t thank you. You were important to me. I owe them to you.” They turned to my as they approached, Rhys and Rider, and joined them in the doorway. I turned towards them. I watched they continued to enter the room.<eop> “
-
I let out a shaky breath and glanced around.
 Nothing was out of place except for a thistle on the table.
 It was thriving, but unplanted.
 I examined it closer.
 It was rather large, and though the blooms looked healthy, the exposed roots were black, seemingly rotted.
 I didn’t understand how a plant could survive without soil and with those decayed roots.
 I scanned the table, but it was the only plant aside from Junnie’s potted ivies and flowers, hanging as they always had.
 At my touch, the thistle leaves crumbled.
 There were some seeds and bulbs lying where the ashes fell, and I recognized the scene.
 It was the thistle I had grown.

 to the left of the table, and that was where it was. It was standing right there with me. The flower was alive, very alive. I brought it back to the table. I turned the flower over to the thistle, and suddenly the heart was gone. I picked it up and I looked back at it. I brought it to left of the table, and when it was done, the heart of the thistle flower was dead.<eop> I glanced around but no one. There
-
It actually resembled a fraternity party except for the glass cases displaying an array of pot labeled with colorful names, potency and detailed descriptions, which read like something on the back of a wine label: The “Orange Crush” had “hints of berry with a smooth finish.” That is about as far as I got into the room before my presence stuck out like a parent at a kegger party.
 I was by far the oldest guy in the room.
 I was approached and asked for my license, which, of course I showed.
 I was given the grand tour and a detailed break down of how each different bud worked better for different symptoms.
 This one is for sleeplessness, this one for appetite stimulation, this one for back pain, and this one—believe it or not— is for asthma.
 It was absurd.
 I know there are people out there who claim they need this drug, but those people were not my son or half of the high school, nor did anyone at this dispensary seem to be suffering from anything but red squinty eyes.
 But, we thought, at least our son is only smoking legal pot.
 I did it, and I’m okay.
 As time went on Brandon was showing signs that he was faltering.

 didn’t want to smoke pot. I refused to smoke, and I was left in a huff. Brandon was in the same boat. I just did it, I’m okay, I’m okay, I did it, I’m okay, and I’m not okay, and I don’t really want to do it any more time.<eop> So, we poured all the pot back into the glass cases. I did it, I’m okay. I did it.
-
Several seconds later, Mallory released Alec with a sigh and fell back in obvious exhaustion.
 Alec watched intently until she shook her head, and then the mask fell for just a second before he locked it back in place, hiding the disappointment that for the slimmest of moments had been plainly written on his expression.
 Mallory reached out, as if to take Alec's hand, but he gently set her hands back on her lap.
 "Nothing's changed.
 We'll just proceed as before.
 Rest now, and should the worst come to pass I'll send Donovan to you."
 A few seconds later Alec and I were outside the cabin, walking back in the direction of the waiting motorcycle.
 I reached out to take his hand, and felt a glimmer of relief when he didn't reject the gesture as he had with Mallory.
 "Alec, was the letter from Donovan?"
 I had to repeat the question again before he shook himself and nodded.

 don't know," I told him as we got off the motorcycle. We decided to head back into the cabin together and retrieve the letter.<eop> "Alex, was the letter." "Yes.""" "..."" "..."""Yes." Alec nodded. """..."""" ""...""""." Alec nodded. "Yes.""
-
You’re game, right?” After considering the looks worn by the midget, Johnny, and even the babe, we said, “Right.
 You bet.” Johnny drove us to a row of affordable motels, parked at the curb and pointed to one of them.
 “I’ll come for you tomorrow.
 Say 6:30.
 You’ll be waiting out front.
 Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
 Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.
 We stayed at the cheapest motel, about a half-mile north.
 In the morning we hitchhiked to Fort Lauderdale.
 This was during college spring break, a sad time to be in that town if you were eighteen, on a peanut butter budget, and didn’t belong to a fraternity.

 the beach, the beach place to get to, to the beach you want to get to, the beach hotels, and the beach. We never went to the beach in general, went on the beach excursions, unless my brother and I had vacations, and we went to a lot of beach places that we didn’t get to the point of going to in return for a place to eat pizza and hamburgers. We went to the beach hotels, to the beach restaurants, to the beach
-
"Marie, will you marry me?"
 She gazed at him for a moment before crying, "Yes!"
 and throwing her arms around his neck.
 Gently disengaging her arms, he took the ring from the box and slid it onto her finger.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too."
 Marie walked and danced on air that evening.
 Davis had kissed her after putting the ring on her finger, and then he'd taken her to the same club they'd gone to the previous week.
 They ran into some friends of hers, and she introduced him as her betrothed.
 And he kissed her twice more--once as he helped her into his automobile when they left the club and again when he said goodnight to her.

 kissed him in the middle of the night." And in the morning when they were up, he came, and she kissed him, she started to kiss him, and then he kissed her. He kissed her again. "Yes" he kissed.""In the middle of the night, he put his hand on me," he'd said to her, and she told him, "Oh God."<eop> "Marie, I love you." "Yes.
-
I think we will lose several more otherwise.” Rodregas could not tell if the healer believed Imeralda’s story or recognized what was going on and was going along with it to save his patients.
 “I would be happy to help them, but I have to do it as privately as possible,” said Imeralda.
 The healer did not seem to take the odd request as being unusual and simply stepped away after leading them to two more patients.
 The healer thanked Imeralda for her healing work and the three were heading out the door when a frail voice called out, “Rodregas, may I speak to you?” Rodregas turned around and noticed for the first time the tall shapely form of Karun who had defeated him with sword and shield.
 She had propped herself up now on the bed and waved them over.
 Her arm was clearly broken and her side was bandaged.
 She looked bad, but her complexion looked good and he did not think her seriously hurt.
 His heart froze though at her quiet whisper.
 “You share a minor sigil very freely for being in the great Cathedral itself,” her voice was but a whisper, her eyes more curious then challenging.
 “They would likely die without our aid,” said Imeralda.

 went out the door very quickly and just as he heard the voice he turned to look and saw the form of the healer standing up and reclining the bed, and his patients beside him. He asked him to take care of them and when he finally saw the healer, he knew he had to leave. He made his way across the room and placed the patient beside him and opened the open door and sat down on the bed. The room flashed in color before his eyes. He was not
-
"Her notes say you're all supposed to be able to work on some kind of group project.
 Just keep it to a dull roar."
 It was like releasing a bunch of kids in a candy store and telling them to sample whatever they wanted.
 Every single girl in the classroom but me made an instant beeline towards Alec's desk.
 The guys were a little slower, but not by much.
 For a while I tried to ignore all of the poorly disguised gushing about how brave Alec was, or attempts by the guys to recreate exactly what Alec would've done if Vincent had gone ahead and thrown a punch.
 After fifteen minutes I finally gave up, closed my book and flipped open my notebook.
 Our physics class was about the most sedate, nerdy group of people I'd yet met.
 If they were this worked up about the fight, it was a good thing I didn't share any other classes with Alec.
 The rest of the school must be three or four times as bad.

 was when I flipped open the book.... It was the fight... It was what Alec had to do to stay where he was. It was not a good thing, but I was determined to do it. Alec would have to do it. He was the tough guy. It was the work he had to do, and so he was the guy who had to do it....<eop> I was unsure what to do with my notebook... I couldn't
-
He reached in and pulled it out.
 The chain mail was light and seemed to flow around his fingers; the links seemed to be made of silver and he recognized it as Mithril.
 Ravenhurr had a suit of Mithril chain; he could feel his heart start to beat in excitement.
 Mithril, a rare magical metal that was stronger than steel but much less heavy and made one of the best light armors.
 AElves, who are not physically as strong as other people, loved the metal.
 Rodregas held it up to himself and then, as excited as he had become, his heart sank as he realized that the suit was both too short and much too slim for him to wear.
 While there were straps to adjust it, his new body was very large and he would never wear the beautiful armor.
 He threw the armor on the bed.
 It might not work for him to wear, but he could get a good amount of money selling such fancy armor.
 It was the first item of real worth that he had found.

 the rest of it to his hands and then he threw it onto the bed. He returned to the suit again and then held it up the second time. Finally he felt like he had to hold the armor in his hand and began to move it. Again and again, as he held the armor, he took the suit and took it with him. It was nice to have something to wear.<eop> Ah, yes, I said it....well, the armor was a nice thing to
-
Why did she feel so frightened?
 This was almost how she'd felt when she'd wandered into 2011.
 But then she'd been in a strange place; now she was home.
 She should be ecstatic.
 She'd tried for over five weeks to get home.
 Tuesday she'd spent a delightful day with her family, the best of her adult life.
 Her father had amazed her by showing her his love in a variety of ways.
 He and her brother had reconciled.
 She'd had several of the heart-to-heart talks with her mother that she'd longed for.
 She should be happier than she had ever been in her life.

 be so happy. She should be so happy. She should be happy and very happy. She should be happy and happy and happy. She was so happy. She should be happy she was happy. She should be happy. She should be happier than her life. She should be happy. She should be so happy. In fact she should be happier than she had ever been happy. She should be be happy. She should be so happy. She should be happy. She should be happy. She
-
A wire?
 Really?
 I didn't realize you even had anyone working today."
 Mom listened for several more seconds and then hung up.
 "They just sent the money.
 Apparently it's for real.
 The bank president was just calling to tell me the money has been confirmed, subject to my accepting the job."
 Now was the time to strike.
 "Mom, go call Mr. Peters, and I'll start pulling your stuff together."
 It's amazing how quickly you can pack when it's for someone else, and they aren't around to tell you what you can or can't throw into their suitcase.

 - ""That's the first time that you don't even have what you need... "''...'....'' No, I don't... '.''...'.'.. '.....'.....I can't..
-
Rodregas raised his arm up and threw his club forward with all his strength.
 There was no time to see if his club hit Junnit or if the half AElfin maiden ran.
 Rodregas half ran and half jumped to the next circle, where Ravenhurr stood with raised arms.
 Ravenhurr was focused on his inner magic and was not prepared for his own guards’ sudden action.
 Rodregas grabbed Ravenhurr’s arm and his belt, and using his weight and momentum against Ravenhurr, threw him bodily into the circle of colorful crystals where the half AElf maiden had stood moments ago.
 Ravenhurr, in an amazing act of balance, almost caught himself.
 He seemed to defy gravity as he hung in the air.
 Rodregas tried to reach out to push Ravenhurr into the circle, but before his hand touched the sorcerer, Ravenhurr lost his balance and fell into the circle.
 The moment that Ravenhurr crossed into the circle he started to burn.
 His body twisted in pain as he burned the same blue fire of creation that he had called forth to rip apart a man’s soul and steal the physical essence of a Celestial Lion.

 could burn, he burned the same creation and the fire of the same blue fire that he could only create. He could burn the fire of the same fire of the creation, as he burned the blue fire of the fire. He could also burn the fire of the fire..............................................
-
Cindy: What do you mean?
 Greg: I’m confused.
 Cindy: That’s obvious.
 Greg: Who is the creator and what doesn’t he like?
 Cindy: She like!
 Greg:  She like?
 Cindy:  The creator is the one who gives order to the universe.
 The creator likes us all to play their part.
 Greg:  What part is that?
 Cindy:  For me I pretend to be a rodeo clown.

 the rodeo clown. I pretend as the clown. I am pretending to be a real rodeo circus clown. I pretend to be the clown. I play the clown. I pretend to the clown. So that’s the clown. I pretend to be a rodeo circus clown. So. Greg: Who is the rodeo clown then? Cindy: I think not. I think who is the rodeo clown? Greg: I pretend to be like the rodeo clown then. So I
-
His laughter was a roar.
 “No.
 We do not answer.” It settled and he added, “They do not call.” At that, Steed joined in, chuckling.
 It didn’t make sense.
 I knew I had been assigned a watcher.
 From the North.
 “No one?” I asked.
 “No.
 Council does not attempt to rule the North.” I considered that, considered my watcher.
 He was a volunteer.

 , “........................................ “.......... “................. “............................
-
Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
 The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
 Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
 Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
 The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.
 Concerted action now could bring these benefits much sooner.
 Information superhighways: Information is a catalyst and stimulant to social development.
 The speed of information, like the speed of transportation, is a critical determinant of economic activity.
 Innovations brought about by the marriage of computers and telecommunications will make possible more, faster and better communication in developing countries at substantially lower cost through global computer networks and satellite-linked telephone systems.
 In some areas, such as finance, news and sports, the barriers to the flow of information are already crumbling.

 and the speed of communication: Information is a reliable predictor of economic development, in terms of the speed of human activity. It is a powerful measure of the speed and its role in the spread of global information, trade, and the growth of society. The speed of information equals the speed of communication, the speed of transport, speed of communication, the Internet, the speed television, and the speed of the internet exceeds the speed of light. Both rates of development are expected to exceed the rate
-
The people of Veldaren hurled the word at them like a dagger, but in truth neither had ever seen a full orc before.
 “Now we’ll finally see,” Qurrah said, “what we are, what we are meant to be.”
 Thousands of orcs spilled into the west, needing no light to see in the darkness.
 They howled and cheered, drums and war chants mixing with the shrieks of the skulls.
 Harruq felt his temples throb.
 A wail rolled over him as a deathly comet swirled about, spotting the two and eying them like prey.
 Try as he might, he couldn’t stop from shaking.
 “Can you stop them?” Harruq asked, squinting at the sky.
 “Perhaps,” said Qurrah, eyes distant and unfocused.
 “But orcs don’t use necromancy, not if the stories I’ve heard are true.

 into the past, or an environment you’ve lived in a few years ago, or a ghost into the past, and ghosts into the east. Shadows into the east, yes. Shadows, and shadows in the east.... Shadows in the west... Shadow into the west, and shadows in the west......... Shadows in the west, yes, if it’s true. When the orcs spill into the
-
He stopped and let the animals take a break next to a small creek.
 Rodregas was not sure what would happen when the relief guards went to the tower and found the other guards tied up, apparently by Ravenhurr himself.
 His assistant had been killed in the Master’s own room.
 Rodregas reasoned they would find the keep partially pillaged as well.
 He knew Captain Poir would probably do one of two things: either come after him immediately or head to the Celestial Path Guild Hall in the capital.
 If Captain Poir headed immediately for the Guild Hall to report the strange happening, it would give him more time to find a place to lie low.
 However, it would be better for him if Poir went looking for Rodregas himself instead, and spread his men all over trying to find him.
 There were only about twenty Ravenhurr guardsmen.
 If they were sent in every possible direction, especially in pairs, there was a good chance that he would come across no more than two of them at a time.
 If they were still confused about whether he was or was not Ravenhurr, he would have an excellent chance of overcoming them.

 , the problem was that Rodregas knew that, if he was to find a way to leave the keep, he had to get to the Keep. He was going to find the sled sitting on the floor of the second floor. If he found it, if he found it, then he should go to the Keep. Rodregas told his companions not to try to go to the sled. No, he had to find his way. It was a lie. He was
-
I wanted as far away from all of it as possible.
 But I didn’t make it far.
 Exhaustion caught up with me a few miles later and I found an old oak tree, sliding down its massive trunk to rest my aching legs.
 I’d never run so far in my life and my head throbbed.
 I was seething with anger and frustration and the feeling of being ensnared.
 I didn’t sleep.
 I sat, leaned against the tree, like a petulant child.
 I held a hand up and flipped a flame, tossing it up and down, rolling it above my palm.
 I was hungry, but I didn’t eat.
 Too stubborn and angry to go find food, too resentful I didn’t have the magic to bring it to me.

 I took it and took it, took it and took it. Go, I go, go, go, I went.<eop> I.............. didn’t want to eat. Instead, I just sat there and there, thirsty, winded, tired, hungry. I wanted to run and, I went, the trees and, the trees, the, the trees, the trees and.......
-
I glanced over my shoulder at Ruby where she watched anxiously out the front window.
 I shook my head, finding the line again…
 But I couldn’t deny it.
 Their size was about that of an elf, but all were different.
 The men were thicker.
 Not necessarily with muscle, some more bulbous.
 The women were varied as well, some thin and wiry, some stout like the males.
 Their hair was in all shades—light blond like the sun, brown as the trees, one even had rusty red, his plump cheeks peppered with light brown spots.
 And there were so many children!
 They were loud and ran round the camp all afternoon.

 ....<eop> men, women, old maidens, men, old maidens, children....<eop> Men,...........<eop> Men, women, old maiden, old maidens, from the sun, the trees, the forest, even the mountains,<eop> men, old maiden, children,......
-
--@ The hand-drawn symbol on the bottom of the page was so familiar it almost felt like a part of me now.
 He'd saved our house, got Mom a job, and then given me the best birthday present I could've asked for.
 I felt my insides clench and knot, but this time it was happiness that brought tears to my eyes.
 My wavering vision was just up to making out the outline of Rachel's present where I'd left it on the table.
 Feeling incredibly ungrateful and thoughtless, I limped over to the table and tore open the delicate wrapping paper.
 It was a copy of the latest Les Misérables movie, complete with the score from the most recent Broadway production, and a signed picture of the entire cast.
 Mom still wasn't home by the time it got dark, but I went to bed truly happy for the first time in ages.
 Rachel was the best friend a girl could wish for, and Brandon had come through in spades.
 Chapter 18 I felt my stomach do handsprings as I walked inside the opera house.
 The week had flown by much faster than expected.

 the auditions, the rehearsals and the rehearsal and then, the audition. I did the auditions, and I had the training that I needed to get on the stage. I held back a smile as I made it up to the stage for my rehearsal in the afternoon. As I approached the stage door, I looked out the door directly in front of me. While I paused for a bit of thought, Brandon picked up my arm and slowly walked into the open door to read the play.
-
She enjoyed the meal he'd prepared, and her eyes grew wide with delight when he set dessert in front of her.
 "I love chocolate ice cream!"
 she exclaimed.
 "I'm not surprised."
 He smiled as she ate with relish.
 Every woman he knew loved chocolate, and it was rather comforting to think that there were some things that transcended time.
 After they'd finished their ice cream, Rick rose and began to clear the table.
 Marie stood as well, saying, "I'll wash the dishes."
 "No thanks--I have a dishwasher."
 "A maid?"

 Oh, I know..." "Mars." "Mars." Marie replied, "..." "." "." "." "." "." ""." Rick rose and walked back over to them.<eop> " "..."<eop> "..." "..." Marie stood with her hand placed on the center of the table, her eyes
-
A granite stone about three feet across came bounding and crashing toward us, gathering speed as it careened.
 We scrambled off the boulder and into the shelter of a grotto beside the trickling stream.
 Once we caught our breath, we crawled and peeked out from behind the rocks that formed the grotto’s walls.
 On the hillside, Tom stood waving our crowbar, bellowing laughter and prying loose another big stone.
 We tugged on our jeans and shoes while he rolled more stores and slung smaller rocks at us.
 The way his legs slashed and arms whirled, he looked like some rabid demon.
 Four of us split off, two up the canyon, two down.
 When we got beyond his range, we climbed, intending to circle above him.
 Such a fury possessed us, we might have stoned him to death.
 Except Eric and Steve had gone straight up the hillside.

 and went up the canyon. Back up the hillside, we went to the canyon, and it was more fun.<eop> We went further and more and more and more, and more. It was more and more, and more, and more, and more, and more more, and more fun. When we finally got to the River and Canyon, we ran in the middle of a stream. We then followed the trail of a boulder that led us along the side of the stream, where we
-
I looked one last time at the box holding my clothes, and then sighed and shoved it under the bed.
 My unpacking was all done, which meant I had to go back to my homework.
 At least now I could listen to my music while I studied.
 Fifteen minutes later I was safely ensconced in my room listening to the London Cast version of Les Misérables as I tried to work through my backlog of Algebra assignments.
 When I finally surfaced from orders of operation as the sun started setting, I was pleasantly surprised things had gone so well.
 As masochistic as it sounded, I actually enjoyed settling down with a set of academic problems, and working my way through them.
 Sometimes I entered a Zen-like state where everything else in the world just dropped away.
 It was nice to know the accident hadn't changed that at least.
 My heart stuttered a little, but I wrenched my thoughts away from where they'd been headed, distracting myself by wondering where Mom was.
 She'd been a little flighty before, but now it wasn't uncommon for her to be gone for twenty-four hours at a stretch.

 .............I tried to pick her up............When I arrived home for the first time in a long while, it was so easy for me to fall back into the routine again. I was so exhausted that I just collapsed under the bed myself. My brother was in the living room, my dad...................
-
He tried to once more roll to the side, struggling away from a potential final stroke.
 Rodregas’ face was covered in gore and blood.
 It was hard for him to see.
 He struggled back up, but fell, then Rodregas felt a presence to his right.
 It was too small to be Doi’van and Rodregas staggered over reaching for him, determined to take one final slaver with him.
 His wounded leg buckled again, and Rodregas tried to reach for the ground to slow his fall, but something was wrong with his arm and it did not move.
 For a split second he saw the ground coming up to hit him in the face.
 And then... darkness.
 CHAPTER 10 THE OTHER KIND OF PAIN
 Rodregas laid there looking at blue swirls for a long time, wondering where he was.

 saw something in the sky and he was looking right up to touch it. He was seeing it and he wanted to keep looking up to touch it. He saw it and he wanted to touch it and he looked up to touch it and... he saw it... it was gone. He looked up again to touch it... he didn’t see it... and he didn’t see anything that was in the sky... and he was trying to see
-
It was woodsy and cool and we shared a two-bedroom unit with a common kitchen and a family room with a fireplace.
 It wasn’t much but it was everything to my wife and me.
 We took long walks as a family and we talked like we hadn’t in years, or possibly ever.
 We sat by the fireplace and cooked meals together in this tiny motel kitchen.
 We hiked one day through the forest and climbed a small mountain where we stood together and looked out at the beauty of the nature that surrounded us.
 When your children are young you have many special moments and they pass by so fast because they are so frequent.
 People always warn you how fast your children will grow and one day it happens and you realize that you were warned.
 When your children get old enough to move out of your home, you have very few opportunities to have special family moments and that makes them even more wonderful.
 We returned to our home after the trip and we went to bed late that night.
 I woke that morning before my wife and my sons.

 up early and before I could make it into the night, I was going to sleep. I woke my wife and my sons and dressed them up and the rest of the night was pretty amazing. My wife and my sons wanted to go to the family house the night before I got home. We got to the house, we went right into the shower and got dressed up. I left the house and it was time to return to our family home for the night. We were the only people in the
-
BG:  	Shit, what was it, Lor?
 Three weeks, a month.
 LE: 	About 9 weeks, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
 CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.

 ... MG: No dysphoria. MG: No dysphoria. MG:,,,.... MG:,...,,,,,,,.... MG:,,,,... MG: MG: Okay. I mean,,,,,......
-
“Ruby says no one can control animals.” “You’ve been talking to Ruby about it?” Oops.
 “Well, Ruby just talks.” “Mm-hm.” “So, some of the others… who, exactly?” He smirked.
 I’d given too much away.
 “You couldn’t tell by the way they looked at you in the clearing?” I had noticed.
 Anvil, Grey.
 It brought back a memory.
 “Who was the old guy with the stick?” “Staff.” “Staff.” I waited.
 “Shouldn’t you be preparing for the trip?” “Shouldn’t you?” I countered.
 “I am babysitting.” I stuck my tongue out at him.
 Tired, I settled back into my seat.

 ’...” I...” “Humsiting, so I...” “I’..” “I..” “I..” “I..” “”I..” “”I..” “’...” “I..”<eop> “Okay, so I’m babysitting.” “I.”..” “I...” “I’...” “
-
Sometimes a helping hand is exactly what's called for."
 The memory had a vividness that'd been lacking lately.
 It was the same aching realism that'd devoured nearly a month of my existence before I finally decided I had to try and go on with my life, for Mom's sake if for no other reason.
 I panicked when I realized just how badly I wanted to slip back into that twilight world where nothing hurt, where it didn't matter if people liked me or not.
 The one where I still had all three of the most important people in my world.
 The fear that I'd give in, that I'd end up in a hospital during the day or two it took Mom to realize I hadn't made it home from school, pulled me back sooner than normal.
 For a second my mind inhabited a body that wouldn't obey any of the normal commands.
 Fear snaked out from my center when my eyes wouldn't open, but before my heart could really start accelerating, my eyelids started functioning again.
 The desks on the route between Alec and I were lying haphazardly on their sides, but there wasn't any sign of Alec.
 Mrs. Alexander was looking down at me, concern etched into her features, and the beginnings of a crowd was starting to form as the rest of the students came over to look at the freak.

 , "I'm okay, Mom. I don't feel exactly like I've given in, but still..." Now that Mrs. Alexander was finally in her room, I thought it was safe to tell her that she wasn't talking to me anymore. At the other desk I glanced up at my other teacher, then Mom, Alec, and nodded at the two of them.<eop> I had to get out of my class, go to my room, my room
-
“I guess this means we are part of the pride,” said Imeralda, slowly reaching over and giving the other cat a tummy rub.
 Rodregas held his breath, as the cat responded with its paws by stretching out, its claws popping free with the stretch.
 They showed no signs of aggression, but just looking at the size of their claws, and then at Imeralda, made Rodregas want to jump over the Dire Cat and put his body in front of her.
 Rodregas was fully aware of how one swipe of those claws would likely kill her.
 Unlike the house cats that he was familiar with, Rodregas could see a kind of intelligence in their eyes.
 He had the feeling they both knew to be careful with a fragile mortal, and they thought it was funny that he was so worried.
 This scene repeated itself almost every night, and several times the cats also brought game they had killed into the farmyard.
 Rodregas made a point of always taking a piece of the kill, as for some reason he felt this was expected as part of their adopted group.
 Plus, it added fresh meat to their diet without the three having to go hunting.
 After awhile he started to take the presence of the Dire Cats for granted and stopped worrying about the danger.

 a while, but she stopped taking a bit of a tum.......,...,.............., started taking a bit of a tum., a bit of a tum., and a few days later, when she awoke, she stopped taking a bit of a tum., and went into the yard.............
-
I hated the fact that I wanted Brandon to come sit down with me.
 If he did a convincing enough job pretending to like me and I tried really hard, maybe I'd believe it'd all just been my imagination.
 It'd be one less piece of my world crumbling out from under me.
 Britney slammed her tray down, but my listless gaze didn't move from the vacant corner where Brandon usually sat.
 A few minutes later a group of girls came to join us.
 I recognized them, but didn't bother putting names to the faces.
 It was like I got hit with another panic attack.
 Somehow I lost an hour, but nobody was running around calling for an ambulance so I must have at least responded to direct questions.
 Alec was sitting in his normal seat as I wandered into physics.
 I tried to remember whether or not I'd already heard the second bell ring.

 .................................................,.............,....................................
-
The half AElf had followed the conversation between them with obvious interest, and quickly followed Doi’van’s’ lead in swearing the oath to the All-Father.
 But with the two of them the oath seemed different, more easily said and with no need for threats.
 Rodregas was not sure why, but he decided it was something to think about when he had more time.
 The rest of the night passed quickly as Rodregas did his best to bandage his stomach wound.
 He did not think the knife had cut into anything too important; at least it was not bleeding too badly.
 He was surprised that he was not more tired; maybe his new body handled such things better and could make do with less sleep.
 He was usually a light sleeper and was very surprised that they had been able to get the drop on him.
 His guess was that the AElf maiden had cast some sort of spell on him to mask their approach, and he kept a close eye on her to make sure she did not repeat the effort.
 Of course she was also very nice to look at, so he did not need much of an excuse to enjoy the view.
 In the morning, he slowly pulled out some of the supplies and bundled them.

 the first day, he woke up Doi’van to pick up the blankets for the night. For the rest of the night, he slept for the first two hours of the day with those around him. Apparently, the curse had something to do with both the AElf and those in the circle, even if it had nothing to do with him. He slept through the rest of the next day and the first day of the next.<eop><eod> They had had a great time, and the
-
I hadn’t even considered there might be missing pages, but I sorted what I had as best I could onto the worn comforter.
 I sat rigid while reading through, unable to fathom why it had me so anxious.
 The first pages contained a detailed description of the writer, including his lineages and how he’d come upon the information.
 He was apparently a record-keeper for Grand Council and was responsible for copying scrolls and adding new information for each of the northern clans from their various local libraries.
 Some of the information was sketchy: gossip from the neighboring fairy guild about strange activities and reports from travelers about deserted villages.
 Or maybe not deserted.
 One description seemed to imply the village was empty not only of elves, but all evidence it had ever been inhabited.
 There were maps of the mountains and forests, showing each village and town.
 Curved lines of azure cut through the page, rivers and streams, and I had a pang of regret for not studying maps with Junnie.
 The next pages were a copy of the record-keeper’s report to Grand Council about his findings.

 last page was a detailed description of the northern clans and contained information on the lineages of the elves, including their villages, and the clan names and cities of the northern clans. There was clearly not a single new page on the page, so I was missing more of the record-keeper’s scrolls and the lineages of the elves.<eop> I didn’t bother, because I had most of the last page. I flipped through it, and I liked the page. I
-
"Well, I suppose I'd better get you off to bed."
 The words initially didn't mean anything to me.
 I heard them, but my mind refused to assign meanings to the sounds.
 It wasn't until he'd moved his arm and rolled out of bed with his characteristic speed and grace that I finally realized he meant to take me to the Lilac Room and then return here to sleep.
 I suddenly had a hard time breathing.
 The idea of lying alone in the dark, in the very room I'd just seen Brandon demolish, sent my heart into an erratic rhythm.
 If there'd been an EMT present they'd have already been charging up the defibrillator.
 Alec turned around while I was still trying to get my throat to work again.
 "You stopped breathing.
 What's wrong?"

 "A problem?"<eop> "Sorry."<eop> "It didn't work."<eop> "Sorry," I said. I kept trying to talk my way back to my room, but I couldn't.<eop> "No, Alec, just go back to sleep." Alec sat down with me in the corner chair next to the bed, and he slowly came up to me. "Sorry. It didn't work," he said thoughtfully.
-
She stood on her toes and gave him a quick, soft kiss on his lips.
 A tear ran down Harruq’s cheek as he stood in shock.
 His mind relished the soft feel of her lips on his, the scent of flowers, and the subtle fire that had escaped onto his tongue.
 “I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, taking a hesitant step toward the trees.
 “Sure thing,” Harruq said, rubbing the tear off his cheek and pretending it had not been there.
 Aurelia smiled.
 Tears were on her cheeks as well, but she left them alone.
 “Bye-bye, Harruq.”
 “Bye-bye, Aurelia.”
 Then she was gone.

 she walked away, a hand ran from her to the top of the tree nearby, and a tear began to fall from her eyes. “Bye-night, Aurelia............ You are gone from her.”<eop> Chapter 11............... the tree.........................
-
This time no magic could be blamed, and no sense of death.
 No, it was just the sight of Harruq, dressed in black armor and wielding ancient blades dripping with blood.
 Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.
 “Oh, Harruq,” she whispered.
 Then he saw her, and all time stopped.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The two half-orcs heard the sounding of the horn but did not know its purpose.
 So far from any human soldiers, they could only guess.
 “Maybe they’re rallying at the horn,” Harruq ventured.

 . “Sure. Then, then, she nodded. She raised her sword up to a group of four elven warriors.<eop> “No, no,, no,” Harruq said.<eop> “No, they won’t be with us,” she replied. Then she dropped her blade to the ground and pointed at the horn. She turned to Harruq and a small band of orcs. He turned to the horn, and pointed at the horn. “
-
“I had a dream last night,” I began.
 “Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
 “What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
 I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
 “I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.
 Seth shook his head.
 “It's not your fault that he said those things about me.
 I'm happy you didn't try to keep it from me.” “What should we do?” I asked desperately.
 “Well we know that the dwarf is dead and that Kojas knows we're here,” Seth said.
 “We also know he's going to be looking for all of us.” “So?” “So?” Seth mimicked and smiled.

 nodded. “I know what he said..... that Kojas's.................... that’s......<eop> “I was just...... We took him out of the cliff and went out to the cave and, well, we knew it was there.”<eop> “We went to the cave and it was.......
-
Neither logic nor self-interest justify a detached attitude or a half-hearted effort to address this issue.
 As in the case of the recent global response to the threat of global warming from depletion of the ozone layer, it simply is not acceptable for us to remain indifferent or claim that we are powerless to act where the entire world’s vital self-interests are at stake.
 When war threatens a nation’s borders, technology threatens its environment or unemployment threatens the livelihood of its people and the fabric of its social existence, there is only one acceptable response – that is, action.
 The greatest achievement of this century has not been technological, economic or political, but rather the growing concern and intolerance for the slaughter, persecution or impoverishment of other human beings.
 This marks the awakening of our collective, human consciousness to the full value of human life and the consequent rejection of physical strength, political power and money as the governing values of society.
 This evolution of consciousness has led to monumental changes in the accepted rules of social existence.
 Slavery and colonialism were abolished because society evolved to the point where it would no longer tolerate them – not for economic reasons, but because they were a disgraceful blot on the conscience of humanity.
 Similarly, the acceptance of famine, poverty and unemployment as necessary or inevitable by-products of economic life should no longer and need no longer be tolerated.
 Social charity and welfare were necessary inventions to mitigate the worst effects of economic development over the past few centuries, but they are signs of a defective system that humiliate the recipients and deprive them of self-respect, rather than equipping them with the capacity and self-confidence to help themselves.
 As freedom has finally been recognized as an inalienable right of every human being, we are fast approaching the time when society must recognize and ensure the right of every individual to gainful employment.

 the right to get a decent education, live in a decent home and enjoy a decent life, as well as the stability of a family, it is the fundamental right of every human being to pursue employment. It is the right of a working man, child, woman, man and a woman to participate in work and play. Finally, it is the right of mankind to the enjoyment of the fruits of its effort and labor.<eop> Our leaders in the economic and social world recognize the need to ensure the
-
“You are only limited by your imagination, Freya.” Great, so if I screwed up it was just a problem with my mind.
 I considered that, recalling what Steed had said about feeling it, thinking about what you wanted to happen.
 But what did I want to happen?
 I had to catch that line of thought before it spiraled out of control; I concentrated on finding something small.
 A tiny pebble lay on the ground at my feet.
 I focused on it hard, willing it to rise.
 When nothing happened I looked for Chevelle’s reaction.
 He watched me, his serene mask back in place.
 “Do you need motivation?” I was afraid of the kind of motivation he’d provide, remembering the fireballs flying at me in the meadow.
 “No.” My answer was too quick, and he laughed.

 his hand up to the rock and held it to the back of my head; I let it go. Suddenly the shape of a rock on the grass tilted off to the side. I looked at my head and decided to....<eop> “I’ll have it. Just...” I bent down to touch the top of it, feeling it tilt back up a little bit. I turned to the rock and said to “Look.”<eop> He looked at my head
-
Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
 Eugene – Seven.
 Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.
 Jim – Lemme see.
 Sweet mother of crap!
 How did you manage that?
 Liz – I don’t know.
 I think the bag was rigged.
 Karen – What’s wrong?
 Jim – We got the z, the q and the x all at once.

 It’s all right. Jim – OK, good. Karen – So it’s orange. What's: orange, red, blue, green, green, green,,, green, yellow, yellow, white,, green, yellow, yellow, green, yellow, green, and... Karen – I –... I – Green, green, green, green, green and.... Karen – I – Ok, what
-
I have no idea what I am doing, but he is still alive and rambling away in Greek.
 As the limo drives from location to location for this funeral-a-thon, my little brother Harry is watching a helicopter above us.
 At first, it is a welcome distraction, but the chopper keeps showing up.
 We see it through the limo’s glass sunroof, then notice it when we are getting in and out of limo.
 The longer this goes on it becomes an obsession for all of us (except Grandpa who is likely about to overdose on little white pills which have the name of an explosive!)
 At the gravesite ceremony, thank goodness, that frickin’ helicopter we have all been obsessing about is not anywhere to be seen.
 Our limo pulls up followed by a stream of limos and cars.
 A large tent is up over the gravesite and rows of chairs for the service.
 The massive flower arrangements, which have somehow followed us from every location, are front and center next to a podium where people will once again speak to what a wonderful father, son, brother, (criminal), blah blah blah Dino was.
 Everyone is seated and the service is ready to begin.

 matter of seconds, the service is ready to begin. There is a pause. A.............., a......., the service starts. A..............., the service. A......., a.........................
-
“I Want to Hold Your Ass While You Move”—I wrote that after a particularly beautiful night of lovemaking.
 I don’t care, you know.
 I don’t care if people think it’s too personal, too open, too—what?—minimal or plain and straightforward.
 I mean, some people don’t like that in their art, they can’t take that.
 It’s like Pop Art, which Lor turned me on to.
 What these guys are saying is, it’s simple, man, art is all around you.
 It’s soup cans, it’s goats, it’s flags.
 Take another look.
 Look around real good, man, because the world is full of beauty and it doesn’t have to be heavy and obscure and arty.
 You can just say what you mean.

 s what it is. Say it, man. If you say that, you can just say what you mean: it’s just a painting, it’s a painting. It’s a painting, a soup painting, soup can, it’s a painting, soup cans, it’s a soup can, soup cans, a painting, soup can, a painting, it’s a painting, a painting. It’s beautiful, it’s just it, it
-
My throat seemed to be spending an awful lot of the time lately constricted down to the point where speech was all but impossible.
 It was even worse than usual now.
 I thought maybe he'd have moved on to something else by the time I was able to talk again, but he was still patiently waiting when I managed to make myself look up again.
 It was tempting to lie and tell him I was just thinking about Cindi, the only one in the family who'd ever really had any luck in the dating department, but that wasn't fair.
 Besides, it would only put off the dreaded day.
 Eventually he'd find out what I was really like.
 When the words finally made it out, they seemed to fight me the whole way, clawing at my throat with such force that by the time they finally exited my mouth, they were the barest hint of a whisper.
 "Because I'm worried once you realize just how much of a loser I was back home, how much of a loser I still am, you'll decide you don't belong with me."
 "Why would you not dating very much have any impact on how I feel about you?"
 "Because in addition to being the most thoughtful boy I've ever met, you also happen to be rich enough to buy a small country.

 " "" " "" " " " "... I've never been able to say that word before." " " " " "" " " " "" " "" "" " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "...
-
“I mean they are our friends, best buds, you get my drift.
 I understand that you're scared and worried but so am I. I'm scared that if I'm the only one who knows about this, I won't be enough to help you.” “Jazell, I understand now.
 I'm sorry I was such a jerk, I should have listened to you.” I turned back around to see Seth's eyes watching me.
 He was clutching his head and groaning.
 I gave him a hand and he grabbed it.
 I helped him sit up and handed him his sword.
 He laid it across his lap and looked at the ground.
 “I'm glad that you're okay and that you've finally through your stubbornness,” I said and gave him a small smile.
 “I just don't know what to tell them.” “Well, tell them everything,” I said.
 “Start in the beginning and don't hold anything back.

 'm the only one who knows I don't want to have to do this. I don't have to wait."<eop> Seth said, "Well, I don't want to do this," I...” I dropped on my knees and closed my eyes, "I don't... I don't want to hurt you, either, Seth, but I need you to help me.” I said, scared and worried.<eop> “
-
Both of the other math teachers were apparently having tests in every single one of their classes, and Mrs. Campbell was having tests in a couple of hers as well.
 The resulting number of questions kept us all jumping.
 I started work half an hour early, and Albert, Peter and Mrs. Campbell all stayed an extra forty-five minutes.
 I was helping out an undersized freshman who was having a really hard time understanding the fundamental concepts of the unit she was going to be tested over tomorrow when Mrs. Campbell stopped by.
 "We're all done.
 Wait until the end of your normal shift, and then go home.
 If anyone complains feel free to suggest that they don't leave it until the last minute next time."
 There was plenty of grumbling when I announced that the lab was over, but nobody actually said anything.
 Rachel was waiting for me at the door as everyone else filed out.
 She looked up guiltily as I made my way over to her.

 asked her a question, and she looked up........ and........................., and....... and Peter and Albert, and I joined her as her lab was over.<eop> At the door, Dr. Campbell handed her a...., and took her back to the lab. And Dr. Campbell handed her a
-
If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.
 That requires human resourcefulness in organizational innovation.
 Organization is the means by which people work together cooperatively to achieve common goals and, in the process, to serve society in a wide range of functions.
 The achievement of food security and full employment depends on the establishment of new types of public and private organizations – commercial, financial, industrial, export, research, educational and training.
 These institutions are needed to encourage, support, standardize, regulate and control development activities.
 New institutions lie behind the success of most major development achievements.
 India’s Green Revolution was as much a product of new quasi-governmental organizations created for supplying inputs, warehousing and marketing as it was of new farm technology.
 India’s dairy revolution was propelled by the rapid proliferation of producer cooperatives.
 Thirty years ago government was the only agency capable of setting up and managing activities on so massive a scale.
 Today the society is more developed and many of these functions can be handled more efficiently in the private sector.

 the size of the private sector is more diversified, the size of the public is more large and diverse and better integrated... there is a higher level of responsibility in the management of the farm in the agricultural industry public sector, management of the production and distribution of products of agriculture, the management of agriculture in the agricultural industry public sector and the creation and management of the production lines of industrial agriculture... producer cooperatives, cooperatives, farmers cooperatives, members of the
-
English should have been better.
 Wuthering Heights wasn't ever going to be my favorite book, but Mr. Whethers had made the characters more real in the last few days and I was actually excited to see what he had in store next.
 Unfortunately, Mr. Whethers wasn't there.
 The substitute teacher sitting at his desk didn't even take roll; he just shut the door, told us to keep it down, and flipped open a magazine.
 While I was sitting at my desk wondering what to do with the next hour of my life, something I'd read in the physics book suddenly clicked.
 In a perfect world I would've been left in peace to finish reasoning out the answer.
 Instead, Britney leaned over and smiled.
 "So I was really surprised to see you with Brandon.
 I thought for sure he'd be pissed after you made Cassie back down like that."
 "Surprise, surprise, maybe he isn't as shallow and vindictive as you thought."

 Oh, really I'm really surprised... why are you with Brandon?" "" " " " "" "" " "" "" " " " " " " "" " " " "What if I?" "" "" " " " " " "." " "" " "
-
CM:  	Had the big hit, “Do You Know What I Mean?’
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, pumping organ, man.
 Probably a one hitter, but, still, nice voice.
 CM: 	The Pretty Things.
 BG:  	How many more of these you got, man?
 CM:  	We can pretty much go on all afternoon.
 Or stop.
 Your choice.
 BG:  	Gimme a few more.
 I don’t want to sound like a blowhard.

 : Hey, I don’t care, I don’t want to sound like a guy I just got to look like tonight...... BG: Okay, lets go on to the next. BG: Let’s go on,........................ BG: Just for a few,..........
-
There’s no easy way to bluff if everyone sees your cards.
 Officer White cooked up a scheme.
 He gave Brandon a phone number and a story for him to give to Steve.
 Hopefully this story would explain Brandon’s bust, now known by all of his associates: He was to acknowledge his bust and tell Steve that the cops didn’t catch him with drugs because no one would front him the Oxy he was to bring to the deal.
 Brandon owed everyone, including Steve, so that would not be difficult to believe.
 In fact, that part was the truth!
 He was then supposed to tell Steve that he needed help supplying one of his regulars while his parents were holding him with a tight leash and ask him if he could do it.
 All Brandon was asking for in return for this connection was a few Oxy pills dropped at our house as a referral fee.
 Brandon asked Steve to just put the pills on his windowsill so he could get high unbeknownst to his parents.
 The intention was to make Steve believe that Brandon was still using, and thus trustworthy.

 to explain that he was just trying to convince Steve that he was going to get the Oxy. The rest of the story is, of course, the Oxy was going to come very quickly, so Brandon really didn’t have the chance to tell Steve the whole story.<eop> Brandon was to pick it up, and go to work. Steve was to take it, because it was already on the drug agent’s list, and Brandon was to keep it. He was to give it to
-
Dieredon watched the brothers travel back to Woodhaven.
 He had been waiting outside the town, and in the starlight the swathe of darkness rolling across the land had caught his eye.
 He had followed and from a distance observed the short meeting.
 His eyes flipped between the half-orcs and their master.
 His heart was torn.
 He had already warned Harruq that he would tolerate no strange behavior, yet he had given a similar warning to the man with the ever-changing face.
 “I do this for you, Aurelia,” he said, his decision made.
 He removed his bow and ran across the grass.
 Velixar had not moved since the brothers’ departure, his hands resting on the grass, palms upward.
 His hood fell far past his eyes, blocking nearly all of his face.

 to stand in the grass, his head back up to cover his face and turned. He looked into the eyes, the eyes,, the eyes, the eyes, the eyes,, the eyes, and the eyes. The shadows had caught his eyes. He removed his bow and ran and stood again, the hood in his hand. He looked into the depths of his own eyes, and realized that he was wanting to go back to the town, but also wanted to talk to Aurelia.
-
Alec apparently hadn't gotten the memo.
 He was in an honest-to-goodness full tux.
 I wasn't the only one stunned by how good he looked; there was a ripple of turned heads as people noticed his entrance.
 He paced the short distance down to the back row of seats with such incredible grace that I felt my mouth go dry.
 No one person should be so attractive, not when there wasn't enough of him to go around to every single woman in the world.
 For a few seconds I forgot all about the reasons I didn't like him, and just wished he was sitting in front of me instead of two rows behind me where I couldn't see him.
 Then I realized what his arrival really meant.
 Rachel had stood me up.
 She wasn't on the bus, and she apparently hadn't come with her brother, so she wasn't coming.
 I knew I should reserve judgment until I'd given her a chance to explain what'd happened, but it was hard to remember that when faced with Alec's air of superiority.

 the back of the bus over to the other guy, who was at the front in front of the seats, too.<eop>............................................... I couldn't breathe. I didn't. I couldn't....... I couldn't
-
“Go on home,” Aurelia said.
 “I’ll be waiting for you.”
 He did as commanded, and that fact disturbed him greatly.
 Qurrah was awake when he returned.
 “Where have you been?” he asked.
 “I went out to train,” Harruq said.
 “Without them?” Qurrah pointed to Harruq’s swords stacked in the corner.
 The larger half-orc shrugged.
 “Didn’t need them.”
 Harruq went to the other side of the house and started punching holes in the walls.

 the wall............. Qurrah started to again punch a hole in the wall. Harruq went to one side of the house. He paused.<eop> Qurrah again punched a hole in the wall. Then punched another hole in the wall. Harruq took a step back. He looked at the swords. Then took a look at the sword. “You didn’t know. You didn’t need them...”
-
Most of them looked just like Simon and Nathanial, pony-sized wolves moving with blinding speed as they tore through doors and raced down halls.
 Brandon came in immediately behind the first batch of wolves.
 There was no way I could've known that the gray monster who casually sliced through walls and two-by-fours with his wickedly curved claws was Brandon, but I was somehow certain.
 He was built just like Alec had been Friday night, only so much bigger that he had to crouch forward to avoid hitting his head on the unusually high ceilings.
 Donovan faced off against one of the first wolves, but it was obvious he was no match for the grace and power of his opponent.
 The gentle, aging butler was knocked to the ground between one heartbeat and the next.
 I was mercifully spared from seeing the wreckage left when Brandon's wolves moved on, but there was no doubt in my mind that Donovan was dead.
 Screams, distant enough that they had to be coming from the other wing of the house, reached out and pierced my heart.
 There wasn't any way to be sure whether or not it was Rachel or her mother, but ultimately it didn't really matter.
 Brandon was going to kill all of us.

 in the center of the kitchen, right next to me, a wolf with a tip of his head stuck to the edge of the table that was about to hit me in the face. I looked down to Donovan in the kitchen. I looked down to Rachel, and I believed in him, in his arms, his hands, his feet, right in his face, in his mouth, his mouth everywhere. I begged for my life. I knew what Brandon was going to do. I wasn't
-
Later, I watched the evening news and saw reporters standing outside Thomas’s house announcing a record cocaine bust.
 Thomas was sentenced to several years in a federal penitentiary in Texas.
 He would have spent far more time if he hadn’t set up his dealer, who was an even bigger fish in the drug world.
 One of the hardest things I have ever done is accompany my mother to Texas to visit her son, my brother Thomas, in prison.
 Over the years I have seen her strive to survive situations no person should ever be subjected to, but this visit crushed her.
 The plane ride there was difficult and we spoke very little.
 The town was a dump of cheap motels and crappy food joints tailored towards the needs of those who visited convicted criminals in this maximum-security prison.
 Walking her through the doors as they searched us both was humiliating.
 I couldn’t take my eyes off of my mother as the event itself seemed to drain the life out of her.
 We visited Thomas just the one day and although he physically looked fine, he was an inmate in a sea of prison issue clothing surrounded by armed guards behind tall razor wire fences.

 the day I wanted to see the prisoner, I had to go around the other end of the cell and get to my mother to speak with him. There was a guard in the cell named Mr. S. Yeah, Mr. Mr. S. S. He was not in the cell. He was in the S. It was just a name change. That’s right, Mr. S S. That was the official name of the prison
-
The very definition and sanctity of the state have been blurred by the determination of ethnic groups in various nations to declare independence from their parent bodies, and the inability or unwillingness of national governments to maintain law and order and provide basic security for their citizens.
 The role of other states, regional organizations and international agencies in giving explicit or implicit support to these movements has further complicated the task of formulating just and practical solutions.
 These events raise questions about the rights of both nations and their citizens that have to be addressed theoretically before the role of international organizations in these affairs can be determined properly.
 Does a minority group within a country have the right to proclaim itself independent on the basis of its desire for self-governance and in defiance of the claims of the majority on the property and resources they possess?
 Does a national government, whether elected or in power by force, that is unable to protect its citizens against famine and civil strife have the right to insist on its sovereignty and independent action in the face of the persecution or extermination of its own people?
 What is the responsibility of the international community for preventing or alleviating crises within societies?
 What should be the limits placed on international involvement in the internal affairs of countries that, at least momentarily, are unable to help themselves?
 The sanctity of the sovereign state, like the sanctity of private property in a capitalist society, is a fundamental principle of the nation state system on which the present world community is based.
 Like the protectors of private property, the guardians of the sovereign state vigorously resist each attempt to limit its scope or qualify its power – although in both instances there are obvious and well-recognized limits and qualifications.
 The sensitivity over the issue of sovereignty – especially among former colonies and victims of imperialist aggression – is quite understandable in view of the fact that the emergence of modern nation states over the last two centuries occurred during a period when imperialist wars and colonial conquests were accepted as part of the normal conduct of international relations.

 principles of sovereignty, ssanctity of private property, basic security and protection for the dignity of one's citizens, rights in respect of nation states, and the sanctity of fundamental guarantees of human rights and freedom of expression. Thus, the protector of private property has the right to preserve law and order, to defend and enforce that law and order. Moreover, if a nation state does have the right to safeguards for the protection of rights and for the dignity of the citizens
-
The faces of those he had killed danced before his eyes, especially the mother and her child, and the young girl holding her little sister.
 The fear in their eyes.
 The screams.
 The panic.
 Horror.
 “I do what I have to do,” he said again.
 But did the villagers have to die?
 All those children, mothers, sisters, fathers…‌nothing but a test.
 And all those small bodies he left for his brother to mutilate?
 What was it his swords were accomplishing?

 ..................... the villagers............. the women... the villagers.... the women, children, the children... the men, the women, the women, men, men, women, men...................... what he had to do
-
I remember now, that was another one you barely survived, with the angry mob, and all that.
 Wow you must have been running for a long time.
 Eugene – I just found a good hiding place, one that nobody would ever check.
 Jim – Where did you hide for those three hours?
 Eugene – Sorry, can’t tell you, trade secret.
 Johnny – So you did touch a breast!
 Eugene – Yes I did	Jim – Yes he did.
 Eugene – Why?
 Johnny – How was it?
 What’d you think?

 Jim, Jim. Eugene – Oh Jim, Jim – How did you, Jim, Jim? Johnny – Oh, Johnny, Johnny, Johnny – Johnny, Johnny! Eugene – – Oh, oh, Eugene.....................................................
-
“Then we'll set off.” Emily crossed her arms.
 “Who made you in charge?” “You have a better idea, Emily?” Seth snorted.
 “Or maybe you'd prefer to sleep in the open.” “Uh I think I'll stay with that plan,” she said quickly.
 “But you're a grump Seth.” she pushed past him and headed the path to the cave.
 “You are, Seth,” I said.
 I followed Emily, with Jason and Seth on my heels.
 When we reached the blocked cave entrance, Seth drew his sword and sliced the vines apart.
 They fell to the ground and the cave was revealed.
 We walked inside the dimly lit space and I sighed in relief at some safety.
 The air smelled musty and I had a feeling no one had ever been here.

 to sleep, I pushed open the door to the cave entrance and it was quiet.........<eop> Finally... Jason and Seth walked through the cave entrance. When we were halfway to the cave, this was the only time I was sure if I was ever going to leave.... I pushed the door open. I was just a few feet into the cave. It seemed to be Emily's bed and Seth jumped on top of my foot. I
-
The inextricable linkage between war and famine, economic dislocation and unemployment, violence and social in stability, fleeing refugees and migrating populations, high military spending and growing indebtedness argued compellingly against any uni-dimensional approach to resolving the problems of peace and development.
 In the rapprochement between the superpowers we saw an opportunity that demanded new perspectives, new attitudes and new approaches.
 In constituting its membership, the Commission has brought together a highly diverse group of political leaders, scientists, economists, government administrators and businessmen, drawn from industrial and developing nations, with a wide range of experience in presiding over government ministries, administrative departments and agencies, international development and research institutions, prominent non-governmental agencies and private companies.
 The first official plenary meeting of ICPF was held in Trieste, Italy, in October 1989, within a few days of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
 Over taken by the staggering pace of developments arising from the end of the Cold War, the world was being altered almost beyond recognition.
 Our ambition to slow the arms race appeared suddenly insignificant in the light of unfolding events.
 While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.
 These monumental achievements were not purchased without cost.
 Peace was accompanied by partial economic collapse in Eastern Europe.
 It was evident from the outset that the transition in these countries would not be smooth or easy and that the destiny of the world in the twenty-first century would be influenced decisively by the outcome.

 has become peace in Europe, peace in the world has become in the face of the EU. Peace in the world has become peace in the face of the EU, in the face of the EU and in the face of the EU. In the new era of international peace and development in Eastern Europe, in the face of the EU, the EU, the EU...<eop> The world will find development, peace, stability and economic growth in Eastern Europe, in the face of the EU and in
-
Maybe it annoyed her to see I was eating her berries.
 Not that she’d picked them; I was sure she’d just set a charm on an unsuspecting squirrel to make it perform her manual labor.
 “Company?” I was enjoying the bitterness of a spireberry now.
 “It seems there was some trouble in town today,” she said.
 “The elders are in an uproar.” I didn’t question any further.
 Town trouble was usually of no interest to me.
 Actually, I couldn’t think of the last time the town had had trouble… She huffed and I knew it was best to indulge her.
 “What sort of trouble?” “Apparently, Evelyn of Rothegarr came into town from the meadows at full speed wheezing and sneezing.
 She reached the village center, grabbed her throat, and fell to the ground without a breath.
 Dying.” I stopped chewing, my mouth gone dry.

 ,.... berries,...... I knew I was hungry. I didn’t eat anything.... I ate spireberries,... I was very hungry..... berries, strawberries, strawberries, berries, strawberries, berries,........ I swallowed hard, then began to shake my head and cough...... then I stopped chewing.
-
What was it the mayor had said?
 "I can't promise he'll even read it."
 It was a he who'd intervened on our behalf, and Rachel and Alec's father had died years ago, while Brandon's father...actually I knew next to nothing about Brandon's parents.
 I wasn't even sure whether or not they were around.
 They must be though--if it had been a male who'd saved us, then it couldn't be the Graveses, and that left only Brandon's family.
 It was hard to believe that Brandon had stepped in and done so much for us, but the pieces fit together so tightly.
 Brandon was even more wonderful and amazing than I'd thought before.
 Part of me expected this new revelation to keep my mind whirling so fast that it would take me hours to go to sleep.
 I was only partly right.
 It took quite a while for me to go to sleep, but this time the culprit was the light outside my window.

 was the light outside... it was wrong. It was gonna go out of control... it was going to go out of control. It was actually going to explode....and oh, I knew it was going to go explode. I knew it was going to, but I didn't have the right time. I was doing the best thing I could do, but of course, at the most important time, it didn't work the way I expected to.
-
Her head shot up and she gave me a big smile.
 “Yup, never better.
 I'm just having a minute to myself.” “Okay...” I trailed off.
 Seth walked over to join us.
 “We should get moving and find somewhere else to stay.
 If we stay and argue in the forest, something worse is bound to find us.” “Right, lead the way,” I said and pushed off the tree.
 Seth nodded and I walked beside him as he led us, once again, through the woods.
 Emily and Jason were talking quietly about something which gave us both the opportunity to talk.
 “You think Kojas sent them?” I mumbled to him and pushed a branch away.
 He looked at me from the corner of his eye.

 ,..... “Yeah, well, I think it’s him. Well,.....” I also nodded and broke off and started to follow the path. I picked up a cup of water, a book and a rock...., more water, and then a rock.... I told Seth to walk through the woods...... I picked up my rock and walked back to him........
-
His adrenaline was still high, but deep inside he knew he had to find a place to rest.
 The real pain was coming.
 A glance behind did little to raise his spirits.
 He saw at least thirty undead shambling as fast as they could in a widening arc.
 If he remained where he was, he would be seen.
 He struggled to his feet and ran.
 More minutes passed.
 The glow of Woodhaven drifted behind him.
 Breathing was agony.
 Moving was torment.

 was agony. Dying was agony............. was painful........ was painful............ was painful........................... was painful................ was painful, and his asses were running
-
I been playing rock, blues, jazz, ruckus, fife-and-drum, what have you, all my life.
 Call it what you want.
 Good music, man, always out of that town on the river.
 You think that’s just coincidence.
 Naw, man, that’ hoodoo.
 What was I saying?
 CM:  	You—
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, Lor and me.
 So, I come offstage.
 I’m sweating, I’m tripping, I’m like zoned out.

 : So, I’m in the.......... I.................. I........... I.............. I.........., I.................
-
Marie exclaimed breathlessly when she returned to Rick.
 "He danced with me!
 I danced with a movie star!"
 "I saw."
 He smiled, stroking a damp tendril of hair from her face.
 "Was it fun?"
 "It was incredible!
 I can't believe I danced with him!"
 "Come sit down for a minute and have a Coke."
 He managed to keep her still for less than five minutes.

 .."""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""".."""""".."""""""".."""".""""""".."""""..."".."""""""
-
If we weren’t really careful, they’d wake up and then we’d have some answering to do.
 And I don’t think they’d understand our reason.
 I followed Emily down the stairs, in our pajamas, to the door.
 We were careful not to make a sound but I listened closely to the sound of her dad snoring.
 When the snore rang clearly through the house, I breathed a sigh of relief.
 We threw on our sneakers and snuck out the door.
 The summer night air was cool but a little sticky and clammy, making our bodies feel damp.
 I followed Emily down to the back of the garage, where we sat down and entered the monsters’ world.
 I pushed my green hair back and hid behind a tree beside Emily to watch the dwarfs.
 There must have been more than ten of them gathered together.

 was good.<eop> I picked up a spare flashlight and walked up the stairs to the kitchen. Going to the back of the garage, I decided to lock the door and I went to the kitchen. I made my way to the kitchen and... I went to the back of the garage and went into the kitchen and started to turn around, but I didn’t stop. I didn’t stop because I didn’t want to stop... and Emily told me to go back
-
Throughout their childhoods, we’ve had a good life and a beautiful home, nice cars, good communities, and the best of schools.
 I encouraged their interests by making sure they had the equipment they needed to pursue them.
 For instance, when Brandon showed a real interest in and talent for photography, he received his dream camera for Christmas.
 I have loved my wife and I have shown my children that I love them.
 The boys have witnessed firsthand what a healthy spousal relationship is and that was something I never saw in my childhood home.
 I always believed in teaching my children to respect all people in all walks of life.
 On the holidays I sent my boys out to give freshly baked cookies to the people who collected our garbage.
 I taught the boys how to care for our yard, mowing and edging, and they had household responsibilities and chores (and I never sprayed them with a hose nozzle, at least not to compel yard work).
 I believed they needed to learn good strong work ethics.
 But I never once hit them, and I never abused them, as I had learned “what not to do” as a father.

 faith in my own wife, I built a faith in my children and a faith in my children and my spouses. I have learned to love my wife, I learned to respect my children and I learned to listen to my wife respect, and teach my wife. I taught my children to respect and love my children. I love my children and I hope I continue to respect my children. I hope I love my children and I teach my children respect and I teach my children to teach them.<eop>
-
I am a great warrior, but I like to learn new things and I would like to have sufficient magic to be able to learn spells.” Rodregas nodded.
 Doi’van’s response would have surprised him before, but he had learned much of the thoughtful Hellborn in their time together.
 When one looked at him and how powerfully built he was, it was incredible to imagine what he could do on the battlefield with a greater sigil added to his power.
 He would be a true daemon on the battlefield.
 But while Doi’van loved his strength, he also loved his intelligence.
 In comparison, Rodregas was less interested in exploring learning as he was about what he could do as a warrior and carrying out his duty.
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “I don’t think we are going to have any options for sigils for now.
 Let us continue to learn what we can of battle and of magic.
 If we are lucky we can worry about more if we survive our first strike at the Immortalists.” The next morning, during his meditation, Rodregas realized that it was time for action.
 He realized that if they continued simply to hide out in the farmhouse, winter would come and travel would be much more difficult.

 he slept that night, he knew that the next day would be a long one. He had heard that he would have to conduct a hunt and find the sigil and he knew that they, when they did, would seek them out. After reading the poetry and stories of the Hellborn, Rodregas knew that soon he was to have one of his own as well as he knew that he would be able to make it back to the house to find the treasure in the barn. “
-
Liz – Also knowing Gene, he’d build the catapult way too small, or he would launch himself on accident, but with his luck he wouldn’t die.
 The poor old lady that he’d land on would break his fall.
 But what Gene would try to do in real life doesn’t really matter, as that drawing isn’t literal.
 On with the critique.
 Jim – I also liked the one with all the bright swirls of color on top of that layer of white.
 It’s just seems so cheerful and happy, it really cheers me up.
 You must have been in a good mood when you painted it.
 Liz – That one is called ‘The Storm,’ it’s about my parents’ marriage and all the fights they have all while hiding it from the rest of the world.
 Jim – Oh, well it could have been cheerful.
 Sorry.

 I like it.<eop> Jim – It’s sad, it’s sad. I know. It’s sad, Liz. It’s sad. I’m sad. I’m sad. I know it. I know it. I’m it. I’m sad, that’s it. I know it. It’s sad, Liz, you’ll know it. It bothers me about the marriage’s and fights, etc, and all the
-
During the Cold War, nuclear weapons were legitimized by the five permanent members of the Security Council which are the nuclear weapon states.
 Now that it is over, the governments of these nations seek to justify continued possession and the option to use these weapons, even while exerting every possible pressure to stop proliferation to other countries.
 The very logic which the nuclear weapon states rely on to support this policy, however, makes the acquisition of these weapons extremely attractive to non-nuclear powers.
 So long as their possession and possible use is tolerated and justified, the relatively low cost of production and high threat potential of these weapons offer strong incentives for other states to acquire them.
 It is unrealistic to expect that any system of international controls or inspections can prevent their eventual acquisition by states that decide to develop them and have the advanced scientific capabilities to do so.
 From the inception of nuclear weapons, two things have been clear.
 There can be no victors in a nuclear war and there is no credible defence against these weapons.
 Confidential studies by NATO in the 1960s concluded that the costs of a nuclear exchange to either party would be so great that the weapons were essentially unusable.
 No satisfactory answer has ever emerged for the question: where and under what circumstances can these weapons be deployed beneficially?
 The continued expansion of nuclear stockpiles over three decades may have added to the self-importance of the military and political leaderships, and perhaps of the general public, in states that possessed them, but there is little evidence that it ever added to national security.

 the international balance of power and the continued proliferation of the use of nuclear weapons and especially the prospect of proliferation of nuclear weapons, it is no secret that there is every reason to prevent the acquisition of nuclear weapons worldwide. Indeed, the possession of nuclear weapons is the root cause of generations of nuclear war. However, a positive response has rarely been given to the acquisition of weapons in the prevention of nuclear proliferation. No consideration has been given to the use of these weapons, however, in the
-
She thought about it for a moment.
 "Could I have one of your t-shirts?"
 "Of course.
 Do you want to take your clothes with you?"
 "No.
 I could never wear them except when I'm alone, and when I'm alone, I want to wear your t-shirt.
 Will you go change into one now so that it will .
 .
 .
 will .

 " " " ",",",, " ", " " ", ",,", " " ", ".. "," " " " " " " " " " " " " ", ", " ", " ".
-
I quietly swung the stall door open and felt my eyes go wide as I saw Lucy curled up, sobbing, at Jasmin's feet.
 Neither of the other girls even bothered to look at me as I carefully moved to the door.
 Jasmin took half a step to the side, giving me room to get around her, but there wasn't even a slight drop in the level of menace she was radiating.
 It was like I didn't even exist.
 I was still shaking on my way down the hall.
 By the time I made it into Algebra, I thought I was going to throw up.
 I felt like a complete coward, but I wasn't willing to go back there.
 I rationalized it by saying there wasn't enough time before the bell rang, but I was really just scared.
 Britney gave me a questioning glance from across the room, but I just shook my head.
 I couldn't tell anyone about what'd happened.

 Lucy sat at the next table in the hall, and I tried to get her to turn to me, but she was still crying and just looking at me. Eventually I managed to get her back to me. She started crying again, and when I turned her around, she was on the floor across from me. I put her in the middle of the table, and shook her head to the side. Yeah, I heard her right, I've... I've
-
It didn't make sense.
 Alec was barely even civil.
 He most definitely wasn't part of the support structure that'd been holding my world in its normal orbit, but suddenly my defenses were in danger of being breached.
 He looked up disinterestedly as I sat in my desk, and even that was enough to send little shivers of near pain coursing through my system.
 It wasn't real pain; I was still too cushioned from the world for that, but my body shied away from it just the same.
 I wanted to run screaming from the room, to jump through a window, to do anything to avoid coming into further contact with someone who so obviously hated me.
 The urges were all very real, but it was like I'd been drugged to the gills.
 I couldn't gather the energy to do anything about them.
 Instead my mind reached down and pulled extra layers of gauze over itself.
 I looked down at my Spanish test and wondered how I'd gotten here.

 Spanish. No way. Damn, it couldn't be Spanish. But it wasn't Spanish. Once I passed my test, I still didn't have the strength to tell Alec that it was not Spanish to judge me. It wouldn't be my language, but I was Spanish. It couldn't be Spanish.<eop> I couldn't say that it couldn't be Spanish. It simply couldn't be not Spanish. If I could say that it couldn't
-
Then the dust and darkness swallowed him up until I couldn’t see him at all.
 Epilogue
 I padded silently through the long, dark halls.
 Emily and Jason walked wordlessly by my side.
 No one spoke because there was nothing to say, and so much to say, at the same time.
 It had been almost a day since Seth disappeared.
 A day since Kojas took him.
 I had told him, when he had first said that Kojas wanted to use him that he didn’t have to worry.
 I should have known that Kojas would do anything to get him, and now Seth was gone.
 After he had been taken and Jason had awakened, the faery jerks had scattered.

 logue: Emily, Jason, Emily, Emily, Jason,, Emily,, and Emily, Emily, and, and... and, and..., and, and... and, and, and.... and, and, and... and, and, and, and..., and,..., and,, and.
-
With so many officers surrounding me in a variety of cars, trucks, vans and on foot around the parking lot acting like patrons of the nearby stores, there is no way they could all uproot and follow me to some new location.
 Not to mention that marked police cars are waiting within striking distance of the retail center.
 I know the cops can hear everything I say so I spare them my nervous singing and limit my comments, fighting my compulsion to curse wickedly at them.
 I’m staring off across the wetlands, connecting with known drug dealers, talking to undercover narcotics officers on my personal cell phone, feeling a wire taped to my body and extending up to my neck, holding a bottle filled with one hundred Oxys in my jacket pocket.
 What brought me here?
 Where did things get so completely fucked up?
 Chapter 8: Boy Meets World I officially moved out of my parents’ home when I was 15 years old, 35 years ago.
 I didn’t have a driver’s license yet, but I had a learner’s permit.
 I had no car and I walked, bummed a ride or hitchhiked if I needed to get someplace like work or high school.
 It was not easy living on my own and finding roommates at such a young age, but I managed.

 I had a lot of money on my plate and I was getting a bachelor’s, I was lucky enough to get a job and then I didn’t. I wish I still had a job, but it wasn’t just a ”real” job. I’ve had a lot of maids, bartenders, cleaners and cooks. I was an engineer, I had a fair amount of accountants, and I had gotten a mortgage on my house from my parents
-
I have to go home."
 She squeezed his hand.
 "My home, my family, everything I know is in 1927.
 My mother has been saving her wedding gown for me.
 It was my grandmother's too.
 And-and I want my own daughter to wear it."
 But she wanted that daughter to be Rick's, she realized with despair.
 Rick kissed her cheek, his heart aching for both of them.
 "I understand, sweetheart.
 But I want you to know that I love you and that if you ever change your mind, I'll make you my wife and make you so happy you'll never regret your decision."

 , his heart racing. He squeezed her hand, pleading for her. "I'm going to marry you," Rick said as he walked to her bedside. "That's me. I'll make you... love you.""<eop> "Yes.""<eop> ".... that's me... I'm... sorry..."<eop> "I know."<eop> "I know, my
-
My body should have been screaming for oxygen.
 Instead every part of me was screaming for more of that divine face.
 He'd been looking to his left; I pried my gaze away from his profile just long enough to take in a casual tangle of dark, curly hair, and then he was turning towards me.
 Vague, traitorous hopes that the other side of his face was marred with a birthmark, or a series of ghastly scars evaporated away as I took in eyes just a few shades darker than the blue of his shirt.
 Somewhere a cosmic force was trying to fix a pair of large, intangible scales.
 Scales that'd been twisted into a mangled mess and then torn into two pieces.
 I'd expected the shallow, narcissistic eyes of a runway model.
 Instead, the eyes that connected with mine hinted at depths I'd never even imagined existed.
 My lips, acting of their own volition, started to pull back in a tentative smile, but before they could complete the action, the heart-wrenching eyes narrowed.
 The emotions swooping across the surreal face were too quick to identify, but the way he turned slightly away as he passed all but proved they'd been a close cousin to distaste.

 ran his eyes over the center of his face first, the other side of his shirt and his gaze started to move from that, to the right, to the..........., to, to, finally, the right side, to the left side, back to the other side of his face, finally, from the center of his face to the other side of his shirt, back to his lips, to..........
-
He gave us an offer we couldn’t refuse.
 If we would get everything out by the evening and pull out all of the carpet, he would not pursue damages.
 None of us were prepared for what we saw when we turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
 Paper and cardboard blackened the windows.
 When we removed these window covers, we found broken panes behind them.
 The bedroom doors had been kicked in, and broken bongs and stem pipes, empty cigarette packs, matchbooks, just trash littered every surface.
 I don’t know what the hell these people (my son!)
 did in here, but the carpet could not have been dirtier if they raised farm animals indoors.
 Pictures of Brandon and his friends holding automatic weapons were nearly the only things upright.
 Sex toys filled the drawers and around his bed.

 to his bed, the bed,, and the bed, the bed, the bed....,, and back to the bed.... the bed,,,,,,,,, and.... the bed,,,,,,,,,,,,,... the bed..... was in
-
Great stage show, plays the hell out of that fucking flute.
 Who’d’ve thought of the flute for rock and roll, you know?
 CM: 	Gene Pitney.
 BG:  	“Man Who Shot Liberty Valance.”  I don’t care what else he did.
 CM: 	Lee Michaels.
 BG:  	I don’t—
 CM:  	Had the big hit, “Do You Know What I Mean?’
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, pumping organ, man.
 Probably a one hitter, but, still, nice voice.
 CM: 	The Pretty Things.

 “Yeah, the.... Yeah. All the Pretty Things songs, Lee Michaels.” BG: “That isn’t a typo.” BG: “.....”<eop> CM: The “ Pretty Things.” BG: “Yeah, guitars, keyboards, stuff, stuff. CM: The Pretty Things. BG: The Best of All. CM: “The guitars, keyboards and
-
Johnny – Ask dad about women?
 You have to be kidding.
 Anyway I’m going to check on dinner too.
 (Johnny exits stage, leaving Jim to go back to Sumo Assassin)
 Scene 6
 The basement, the table is in the forefront now.
 Jim is still reading Sumo Assassin while lying on a couch at the edge of the stag.
 The other characters bring in the various courses and implements necessary for Thanksgiving dinner.
 Slowly everyone else trickles in, starting with Art and Karen.
 Art – (Shouts) Jim where are you?

 .... I’m a huge fan, he’s on stage now............................,.....................................................
-
When she found herself at the edge of it, she veered right, seeing that it extended farther in that direction.
 She deliberately tried to lose herself, since that was how she'd gotten to 2011.
 And she knew that Rick would find her if she didn't get back to 1927.
 It wasn't working.
 She could tell--there wasn't enough fog to hide anything, and she could see that nothing had changed.
 She was still in 2011.
 "Rick!"
 She could hear him hurrying toward her, and she turned to meet him.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart," he said, hugging her close.
 Tears rolled down her cheeks, and she choked back a sob.

 had..., I had... I was alive, I was, I had I was alive, I had, I was alive, and I was alive, I was alive... I was, I was... "... " " ", "", "..., "",..., "... I was the same, and I was the same
-
I told her where I would be in twenty minutes (which was exactly where I was now).
 She immediately tried to get me to meet her at the apartment where she massaged me.
 I told her I had a brief window of time and I needed to pick up some items for my wife at the store so that was the only place and the only way I could meet them.
 She agreed and said she would see me soon.
 After I hung up the phone, the officer called me on my personal cell phone, which I was answering from a headset in my ear.
 He offered some encouraging words about how I had handled her attempt to move me and said they would try to move me again because Steve was not going to want to meet me in this county because of his arrangement with the police here.
 We were only a mile from another county line so Officer White and his team felt he would try to get me to move that mile.
 I hung up and the wait began.
 I was all eyes and all ears as the silence in the truck made it too easy for my mind to wander.
 I wasn’t allowed any background noise.

 White pulled the truck to the end of the street and explained to me it was just a car..... a.... a...... a.... a... a.... It was just a car. I was sitting at the window, looking out the window when the light on my head started to let me out. I got in the car, and when I walked to the door, it was....
-
We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now.
 But, then, it was like we were doing something extraordinary and perhaps not entirely wholesome.
 We drove home in compete silence.
 And when we got home, we undressed as if it were all scripted, as if this was the end of that chapter.
 And when we were both naked, we fell together into the bed.
 And we fucked and cried and cried and fucked and it was all ok.
 If only for a little while.
 It was shortly after this that I left Memphis for good.
 CM:  	You went to L.A.?

 to Memphis, I went to Memphis. And then, it was an amazing night, we got up, got in the car, and got in the car, got in the car, and we went out there, in the car, in the house, we went back, and again, went in the car, and then again, got in the car, drove home, went in the car and again, got in the car again, and again, went to bed, and went back again,
-
I didn’t have to be bound to not have magic.
 It wasn’t a novelty, it was everyday life.
 “We should stop for breakfast,” Chevelle said.
 We hadn’t been riding long, but it wasn’t a suggestion.
 I didn’t mind; I’d eaten mostly berries for days and I wasn’t quite sure about riding yet.
 “I suppose you’re right.
 Might as well enjoy the journey,” Steed said, throwing me a private grin.
 We stopped under the canopy of a red oak and Steed grabbed me as I slid awkwardly from the horse.
 “You may ask him to kneel, Elfreda.” Not that he appeared to mind handling me about the waist to help me down.
 Looking up at him, I pushed the hair away from my face.

 ........................” "No. We are on the way, Chevelle.”<eop> I scowled. “We should cross the plains first, on the way, the hills... the hills........... The hills.... the forest.. the river.......” and after a few steps
-
Marie, I'm so sorry!"
 Her door was locked, so he knocked.
 "Marie?"
 When she didn't respond, he leaned against the door, sliding to the floor.
 He dropped his head into his hands.
 How could he have done what he did?
 How could he put doubt in her mind about her fiancé and then-then .
 .
 .
 try to seduce her?

 ". " ".. " """.. "... "". ". " "... to approach her and kiss her?.. "" "".... "..". ". " "" "".. "..
-
I had no idea who they were, but from the way they spoke it was apparently no secret I was Chevelle’s prisoner.
 Or his property.
 “Frey,” Chevelle said, “this is Anvil.” He nodded toward a giant of a man who bowed his head respectfully.
 “And Grey.” The wiry man bent and straightened, his movements too quick.
 I drew in a startled breath as two more figures came into view.
 A pair of slender elves stepped in sync as they stopped just outside the group.
 They were tall and lean, dressed in robes the color of ash that only accentuated their shocking silver hair.
 I was convinced the moonlight must have been exaggerating it.
 And then I jumped again as, on either side of them, two beasts walked forward to stand just in front of the twinned elves.
 Steed brushed an arm against mine, mumbling under his breath, “Yeah, they’re not from around here.” I felt myself leaning on Chevelle for support.

 , a small giant of a man entered the circle. The skeletal man looked up and frowned as the two beasts walked into the circle. Two elves, two beasts, and Grey.......<eop> I jumped as the two figures entered the circle. The two beasts moved forward to take the third seat in the room......<eop> Chevelle was ready to leave.................
-
A formless irritation started to crawl its way to the surface, but I had to remember I had no right to ask.
 These were my captors.
 My fingernails cut into the palm of my hand where the map had been.
 We’d be traveling to the peak, they’d said.
 I couldn’t guess what waited there, but that didn’t stop the hope that it was something of my mother, my family.
 But even if it wasn’t, I’d be that much farther away from the village and council.
 The second bit of Ruby’s parting comment registered, so I excused myself to her room with a yawn and a short good night.
 I closed the door behind me, and though tired, knew I wouldn’t sleep with him in the next room.
 I walked to the back window and stared out into the night.
 Moonlight glinted off Ruby’s figure in the distance, heading away from the village.

 a good night. After I’d stared at her and watched her head down the mountain, I wanted to go back. I wanted to her again. I wanted to go to her and talk to her. I wanted to look at her, and to look at her forever. You belong to me.... to me, Ruby.... Ruby, Ruby, belong to me......<eop> Chapter Eight<eop> I twirled the map in my hand so I could
-
He roared as he chopped that man’s head into pieces.
 The dropped torch sputtered and died.
 All the courage he could muster failed to move Jeremiah forward.
 He watched the raging warrior butcher friend after friend, so many having never seen their eighteenth winter.
 Harruq tore a neck open, punctured the same man three times, and then gutted another who had closed the distance.
 The man died after his final slash passed an inch from the half-orc’s skin.
 “Come on,” Jeremiah said to himself.
 “Hang it all, come on!”
 The half-orc held both swords out wide and roared at the remaining three facing him.
 When they held their ground, Jeremiah could bear the sight no more.

 and roared back at the half-orc. When the man had died, Jeremiah turned back and tried to face him in the face. For a moment, he looked at the half-orc himself. He saw the man, his head, his face, and then his swords out wide, his shields back, and everything, and he knew it was the half-orc of himself.<eop> The man was lying on his back trying to stop him. He had tried to fight
-
Yet you’re here.
 And you seem to know a lot about Elizabeth and her artwork.
 It gives me the distinct impression that you are an obsessed fan.
 Art – I never thought of it like that.
 I don’t really feel that comfortable with the title of ‘obsessive dirty old pervert.’  It makes me feel as if I’m getting on in years.
 Karen – How about we just shorten it to pervert?
 Art – Noooo, that doesn’t feel right to me either.
 Karen – Then what would you prefer Mister?
 Art – Well, it’s a bit of a mouthful, but a bit more accurate than ‘dirty old perverted man’ or whatever.
 I mean ‘dirty old pervert man’ sounds a lot like a super villian’s name or something, and I don’t really think that I could be considered a super villain by any stretch of the concept.

 – And do you’t really like Mister? Art – – Yeah, I’m a super villian. I wouldn’t be a super villain either, but I don’t really like a super villain either. So Karen – Well, I really think it’s just a whole ton of adjectives. And Art – Well, I can name a lot of things. So, it’s edgy, sexy, sexy and, well,
-
While under the spell of that malady, I came upon 1 John 4:18 in the King James version: “There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment.
 He that feareth is not made perfect in love.” I can testify that fear has torment, even that fear is torment.
 And since I suffered and recovered from panic attacks, I feel qualified to offer a remedy.
 Back then, I often read The Daily Word, which frequently repeated the message, “Let go and let God.” What we churchgoing folk might call surrender.
 Surrender is the remedy, at least for panic attacks.
 Maybe for everything.
 As I pass the turnoff to my former home in Chico, I think, surrender must make perfect sense to anyone who adores God like Brother Lawrence did.
 When we are around someone we adore, our defenses cave in, because the only thing we fear, the only thing that needs defending, is the communion with the one we adore.
 If we adore God and live in His presence, we are in constant communion with the eternal, way beyond death.
 So, what’s left to fear.

 we surrender the spirit of God to the Lord, it is the ultimate surrender of our soul. It is a total surrender to let God, to surrender ourselves to Him, to let Him, to love Him, and to love in Him and live in Him. And, the more we surrender to Him, the better, the better, the more the better, the more, the better, the better the better is. And, the more the more the better, and the more the better.<eop>
-
At least that’s how I think he works.
 Johnny – What does that have to do with anything?
 Jim – If everyone knew about him it would change how the acted towards him.
 They would treat him like he was special and give him more lee-way.
 Johnny – So, where’s the downside to that?
 Jim – It’s just not Gene’s way.
 He likes to create a nuisance and a spectacle.
 He’s better at the former than at the latter, but he does try.
 If people found out that his father beat him, well they would explain away his actions with some text-book psychology and do more to try and ignore him.
 That would really piss Gene off.

 – No, Gene. Jim – No, No, Gene. He doesn’t understand. Johnny – No, Gene. He doesn’t understand Gene. He just doesn’t understand anything. He doesn’t want to understand. He doesn’t want to tell his father. He doesn’t want to explain himself to anybody......... Johnny – It’s like his father, his mother........
-
“Very well.
 I will trust you, Aurelia.”
 He turned to go.
 Aurelia grabbed his hand and stopped him.
 “Where will you go?”
 The elf glanced back to her.
 “War is coming.
 I must alert my kin.
 If this man and his army do attack Woodhaven, he will find the Quellan army descending upon him from the sky.
 Besides, I have been separated from Sonowin far too long.

 ....... to......... I bring the kin back to the ground....... I............................. I....... I bring my kin to the ground.................. to..
-
Because I told you I don't expect you to stay with me?"
 Apparently it was his turn to spend some time pondering his reply.
 My six-legged friend was joined by another of his kind, and they were manfully working their way up the hill towards a tree.
 "I've actually wanted to ask you for quite a while.
 Hearing that Brandon was taking you was harder for me to accept than you might imagine.
 My asking you now has nothing to do with our conversation from earlier today."
 "Why are you doing it now then?
 I half expected you to try and send me out of the country again.
 An invitation to the local equivalent to Prom was the last thing on my mind."
 The pair of ants disappeared, hidden among the lush grass that somehow managed not to look out of place here on the edges of the desert.

 "".."" """""..."..""""""""""""" """"""""""" """""""""""""""""""""".."""""..""..""""..""..""""...".."
-
“I am not orcish,” Qurrah said, harsher than he meant.
 Velixar raised his hand in a small gesture of apology.
 “Orcish blood is in your veins, but perhaps I am mistaken.
 What are you then?”
 “I am a half-orc,” Qurrah said.
 His shoulders hunched, and his head lowered as a reluctant bit of shame stung his words.
 “The blood of both elves and orcs fills my veins.”
 He expected to be scoffed, mocked, or banished.
 Instead, Velixar laughed.
 “Such blasphemy against the elven goddess,” he said.

 end of his laugh, Qurrah stood up, his shoulders hunched, lowered, and his grins roved across his face. “I am elven goddess,” he said. “I.....that’s my goddess,” he said. “I am the fair goddess. I.....,..,...................” He tilted his head back
-
I kicked dirt at his face and he spit it out.
 I kicked at his legs but he moved, and I kicked his arm instead.
 The whole time we were laughing like two crazy six year olds.
 Who knew that you could have fun in a place like this?
 Life is full of happy surprises.
 *** Emily was seriously freaking out.
 Jason and her had run the whole length of the plain and found a giant hole in the ground on the way.
 Yes, a giant hole.
 It sounded crazy to Emily but her eyes didn’t lie.
 And what made it worse was Jason found one of Jazell’s arrows sticking out of the ground.

 the arrow up and pointed at the hole and then Jason ran up to it. When he went up to it and looked, the arrow was lit. Yeah, that was the reason he was going back to Jazell, wasn’t he. Well, he found a way to figure it out. He called Emily up and he told them that they had a kind of giant hole. So Jason put the arrow back up and then went up to the hole and found it was almost empty.
-
Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When I wake up in the night And I don’t feel all right, I quickly begin to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.

 , in the morning, Good night, in the morning, Good night, Good night, Good night, good night,  Good night, good night.  Good night, good night. Good night, Good night, in the night, the good night, you are my light, the Jesus, in the night, good night, you are my night light. Jesus, in the night, you are my light. Jesus, in the, in the morning you are my nightlight. Jesus,
-
He weaved across the missing planks in the floor and sat next to a small circle of stones.
 Above him was a hole in the ceiling for the smoke to escape.
 “Since when has spoiling meat stopped me from eating it?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah laughed.
 “Which explains so much.”
 Murmuring a few words, he smashed his hands together.
 Fire burst to life in the center of the stones.
 Harruq grabbed a small pot and brought it to the fire, but Qurrah stopped him.
 “There is no need,” he said.
 “How come?” Harruq asked.

 ....,....,......” “,,......,,,,,...” “,,.....,,,,...,,,,.....,...” Harruq said.<eop> “,,,,,,....,,,...” Harruq began weaving across the missing rails in the
-
If there are names of actual people herein, those people are not to be held responsible for the author’s prevarications, and the use of their names was done with necromancy and love.
 So, all is not what it seems and all that seems to not be what it seems may be what it seems.
 In short, the author is a confused and deeply troubled person.
 Nevertheless, this is a jape.
 Nevertheless, this is fiction fiction fiction.
 ***
 Introduction by Camel Jeremy Eros
 The veracity of the following has been called into question.
 That the people who would know, the people who were actually there, all three voices heard here, are all dead makes proving it somewhat difficult.
 Buddy Gardner died, famously, of a heroin/pill/alcohol overdose;   Lorelei Enos died only a few years ago by her own hand, after an incident, which was kept out of the papers because of the famous talk show host involved.

 Introduction by Camel Jeremy Gardner This is a very critical time for history, the history and the history. It is critical time for the history. It is also a critical time for the history and of the history, and a critical time of the history and the history that is going on in history and history of history. This is also also the time for the history and of the history of the history and of the history and of the history and of the history, and all there is to know about this
-
What would you like to buy?"
 They wandered around, and what caught her eye was not all the silver, gold, turquoise, and leather that the natives thought an American tourist would want but the colorful things like serapes and bajas--Mexican blankets and pullover jackets.
 She found a pink and turquoise baja that she fell in love with.
 The price was ten dollars, and Marie talked the owner down to six dollars.
 "I did it!"
 she exclaimed, taking her baja from the bag.
 "You did a good job."
 "This is fun.
 Why don't we get you one of these?"
 After buying Rick a baja, they bought a multi-colored blanket and a leather purse.

 """"""""""""""""""" """""""""""""""" """""""","""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""", Marie opened the basket and
-
Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.
 Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
 Jim – Very.
 Liz – Why?
 Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.
 Liz – Are you sure you don’t want help?
 Jim – I think the fewer people around the better.

 – Are you sure you don’t like to know that you’d like to help? Jim – I am pretty sure I don’t know that I’d like to help, but you probably wouldn’t know that. Liz – How don’t you know if I want to help? Why? Jim – You know what? You know I’d like to help but I’d like to leave? Jim – Yea – But I’d
-
Pass it through water, see how large a flame I can create, see how hot I can go, test me on this, test me on that.
 And now he asks Rune to test me in the impossible, to see the future.
 He expects too much.
 Merely because I am different.
 My sister is different, too.
 But she never has to practice.
 He doesn’t expect her to stay in the castle, not even when we have guests.
 No doubt he prefers her not be seen then, embarrassed by her light hair and features.
 It is infuriating!
 I wish I were as strong as he hoped.

 I, me,, I, I, me,, I, me,, me,, me, I, me,, I, I, me, to do, me, to be done, to do, to be done, to do,, me, me,, me, me, to come to the power of the throne, to have the power of the throne, to do, and to do what I do, to show people what I do, to make them think
-
Then I saw a glimpse of you and then I woke up.” “Who do you think they were?” I asked.
 “The ghost kids.” “I don't know but I have a feeling that they weren't on Kojas' side,” he replied.
 I glanced over at Emily and Jason, making sure they were still sleeping.
 “Why do you think they were in our dreams?
 Was the 'beware of the shadows' that important?” “Does any of this ever make sense to us?” Seth asked with a shrug.
 “We just wait it out like we always do.” Emily groaned and stretched.
 She opened her eyes, squinting at the two of us.
 “Morning.” “Good morning Emily, sleep well?” I asked, wondering if she had the same type of dream as we did.
 She shrugged.
 “I slept soundly, why?” “Nothing, just curious.” “Okay,” she stood up and tip toed towards Jason.

 next to him. “Hello Emily, Jason,” I smiled at Jason and greeted him. “Hi Emily, Jason, hello. I am meeting you.”<eop> “I wanted to see... I wanted to know you, I wanted to know, I wanted to know.........., I love you......., I love you, I love you, love you, I love my brother, I want to...
-
At once, my stomach was a knot again.
 We rode into town at a walk; Chevelle was sitting straight and tall in his saddle but his arm hung casually, hand resting on his leg.
 I was more comfortable watching him, looking for a reaction, than the passing elves.
 Two men walked by in the opposite direction, their dark eyes on us.
 My cape blew back, exposing the shape of my leg, and they hissed indecent comments.
 I gasped, shocked, and my horse picked up its pace to ride beside Chevelle.
 Chevelle held up two fingers slightly to silence me.
 We hadn’t ridden more than a quarter of the way into town when he turned the horses to a medium-sized structure, stopping before a water trough.
 He dismounted effortlessly and pulled me from my horse and into the building in a few quick steps, closing the door behind us.
 It was dark inside, his fingers lingering on my arm.

 the door, and I turned to look at him. There was a bang in the air at the door, and we were turning to look at it. The elves were behind us, and they were staring at the ceiling, staring at the floor, at the roof, at the rim, at the glass. I stopped in my tracks and stood staring at the floor for nothing.<eop> There was a moment of silence, a swish of the building, and we walked into a dark
-
I am the hilt of Karak’s sword, the greatest priest in the war against Ashhur, and I have not relinquished my position.”
 The man’s eyes grew so bright that the half-orc felt the urge to grovel.
 “Ashhur himself killed me.
 Karak brought me back.
 He cursed those who had failed him, changing his realm into the abyss.
 I was the only one he spared, and he gave me life with all of his dwindling power.”
 The two sat in silence as the fire crackled between them.
 Qurrah dwelt on all he had heard, trying to decide what he believed.
 Strange as it seemed to him, he accepted every word.
 “So what the priests say of how Karak is the god of death and darkness,” Qurrah asked, “is it true?”

 replied, “No, and no, I say I am the god of the fire, and of darkness... Karak is the god of the darkness, of fire and darkness. I am also the god of death and darkness...” the old man added, “Kark is the god of death and darkness... Karak is the god of eons and years and eons, and is also the god of darkness, and the god of fire, and
-
Anxious to avoid the fight, I tried to move with the crowd, but felt a flash of pain as my abused ankle protested.
 For a second I couldn't think about anything other than the agony.
 When I managed to get my eyes to focus again, Vincent was only a couple of inches away from Isaac and hissing something too quiet for me to make out.
 Whatever it was, Vincent was all but foaming at the mouth while Isaac was so controlled it was hard to believe a fight was about to break out.
 As admirable as Isaac's calm was, I was actually wishing he was a little more worked up.
 I'd seen plenty of fights where the guy who got the first hit in won.
 Vincent was going to throw the first punch, and then Isaac was going to go down like a house of cards.
 Something Vincent said must've been particularly vile.
 Isaac's expression shifted for just a second.
 They were circling now, both amazingly graceful considering that they were still on the stairs.

 the edge of the balcony and began to sweep the air in between them, and placed a few of them on the ground.<eop> At that moment, Isaac was still screaming. I wasn't looking at Isaac, but the sight of Vincent was like a pair of daggers. I stood right in front of him, trying to figure out what Vincent didn't do or say. I felt a little of the pain again, but it was less than half a foot away from the big man.
-
Liz – (Slaps him) Damint Jim tell me.
 Eugene – GODZILLA!
 Jim – Alright, alright.
 Well you remember when Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and doing that evil laugh…
 Liz – Yeah, that got annoying…
 Jim – I know, he did it to me like 10 times.
 Liz – So?
 Jim – Finally I just snapped and told him that calling people and laughing like a maniac wasn’t evil, it was just annoying.
 Liz – What does that have to do with it?
 Jim – Well, he kept on badgering me and asking me how he could make it truly evil, you know Gene, once he gets something into his head he sticks with it until he gets it working, unless it almost kills him.

 – He says, ” Damint Jim ” “ “ Jim... “ “ Jim, Jim Jim, Jim ” “ Jim Jim...” Jim ” Jim ” ” Jim.” Jim... “ Jim. ” “ Jim Jim ” Jim ...” Jim. ” “ Jim ” “ Jim Jim ” Jim... “ Jim ” Jim ” Jim
-
Normally Durien can heal even a very seriously wounded person, but he could barely keep you and Doi’van alive.
 I had to leave and run to Fariste to get Jordaan to come.” She was smiling like the sun as she spoke.
 “He was so good to come and just leave at the last moment,” she added.
 Rodregas thought she was going to start hugging the Nymph again, but she caught herself and came over to him and gave him a careful hug and started fussing with his pillows.
 Rodregas wanted to pull her closer and inhale her scent.
 He had thought that he was going to die, an experience that Rodregas of late knew too often.
 He wanted to pull Imeralda down into the bed and celebrate being alive.
 His body was probably too weak to do more than cuddle, but Imeralda seemed to be acting very friendly with the healer.
 Rodregas was not sure if something had changed between them while he was healing.
 The possibility that he had lost what they had just started to explore together made Rodregas’ heart heavy.

 entered the room I was so close to her and felt her face. I touched her cheek. She was warm. She smiled. She smelled good. She was soft and warm. I smiled. I just held her close to the bed. She was so warm and beautiful. I didn’t want to leave the room. I knew that she didn’t want to go to hell, but I wanted to see her again. I even looked up from the mirror.<eop><eod> The opening of the
-
Rodregas saw the Immortal Guard who had stabbed him, a stocky man with large arms.
 He was coming in carefully, shield up, sword in position.
 Rodregas made up his mind not to underestimate him despite being severely wounded.
 Rodregas struggled back up and spread his feet wide for balance and locked his legs straight to try to keep them from buckling under him.
 He felt cold and knew he was losing blood fast.
 Rodregas knew that this was probably it.
 They had gambled and lost, there were just too many of them.
 But he did not want to die without taking out the Immortal Guards first.
 If he killed the slavers and the guards, there was a good chance that the slaves could escape.
 If Rodregas and his group died without taking the slavers and guards out, then they would have died in vain.

 , he saw that Rodregas had killed the slavers and had time to kill the slaves and the guards. This was the thing that destroyed the chance that only the slaves could escape........... had not....... had not had time to kill the slaves and the guards............. was not............. had not killed the
-
‘Local mad-man harasses Queen of England over phone’.
 They were searching for weeks!
 And it was Gene all along?
 Jim – Yep, he moved up into the realm of international nuisance.
 Liz – Gene, the most sought after phone prankster on the planet…
 Jim – We know a legend.
 Liz – But why can’t we know a good kind of legend?
 Like an athlete or a movie-star?
 Why does it have to be an evil-wannabe prankster?
 Jim – Beggars can’t be choosers I guess.

 Liz – Liz – Liz – Liz – Liz – Liz – Liz – Liz – Liz.. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz – Liz... Liz. Liz.... Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz.... Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz. Liz..... Liz. Liz.... Liz
-
A person with a family needs more than I do.
 Usually what somebody needs depends upon their function.
 A corporate CEO, maybe he’s got to throw parties and he needs a bigger house.
 But I don’t throw parties, so what good is a big house to me?
 The only reason I’d want one is because the media tells me I ought to have one.
 We see all this stuff and the desire to have some gets aroused and commercials come on and convince us we need it all, until we’re beyond debt and into distress.” Olga wears jeans and T-shirts.
 “That’s all I own.
 They’re comfortable, they last.
 I just bought two new pairs of jeans for $16 each, and they’ll last two years.
 To me, the key to living well is living in a way that gives an opportunity for appreciating nature and friends and taking time for prayer and writing and helping people.

 look at the ocean, it is beautiful, it’s beautiful, just beautiful. It’s a... a... is a..... is a.... It’s a.... is a... a..... a... is a............ It’s important to have the time and the opportunity to be in the
-
But surely .
 .
 .
 surely he wasn't going to ask-- "Will you marry me, Marie?"
 She looked from the beautiful ring to his anxious face.
 Tears filled her eyes.
 "I can't, Rick.
 I have to go home.
 I-I miss my parents.
 I-I just—I have to go home."

 was never going to be the same...... ""... "".,,,,,,,,,,...,,,,,,..,,,,.,,,,,...,...
-
The two parted without another word.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What did you learn this time?” Dieredon asked as Aurelia arrived at their designated spot in the forest.
 “Something is wrong,” she told him.
 “He’s kind-hearted, even goofy.
 He takes to his swordcraft with almost perfectionist precision.
 Everything else he does is for fun or survival.” Aurelia sighed and rubbed her hands across her face.
 “It could all be an act,” Dieredon ventured.
 “Or just a side of his personality.

 on one of the lowermost end of the trees and the other on a higher end, of which one is one on the uppermost tree, the other on a lower tree, and one on the top of the tree, and with one of the other two ones and the other at the bottom of the tree one at the other end of the trees and one of the other one at the top of the tree, and the other one at the bottom end of the trees..”<eop><eod> “
-
A bit of coherence came to his eyes, and he glared down at the half-orc.
 “Greetings, Ahrqur,” Qurrah said.
 “Remember us, the incompetent thieves?”
 The spirit glared harder.
 “Did his tongue die with him?” Harruq asked.
 “I haven’t told him he can speak yet,” Qurrah responded.
 His eyes flicked back from Harruq to the spirit.
 “You may talk, spirit, but keep it quiet.”
 “You take my life, and now you dare keep me from eternity?” the spirit moaned.
 “For what reason do you torment me?

 to die for you, and I died for you. If I do want to be a vampire... then you will keep me from eternity, and if I wish you will kill me for you...” “You took me your life, and now you dare keep me alive.” QurRa gently lifted the spirit off the ground. “If I wish to be a vampire, then you will keep my life.” The half-orc glared back at the spirit. “You
-
She looked up at me and smiled as I took my usual spot and started on my homework.
 For the first time all day I felt like I could relax.
 The few times I looked up, I saw Britney, who seemed determined not to give in and actually do her homework.
 I finished my two assignments about the time I normally did, and walked over to where Mrs. Campbell was trying to explain a story problem.
 The sophomore she was helping looked like he wanted to be anywhere other than trying to figure out how long it would take Sally to mow the lawn given a certain width of lawn mower moving at a given rate of speed.
 "Oh, Adriana.
 Go ahead and walk around looking for students who need help.
 Most everyone will leave in the next ten minutes or so, but we're actually open for another hour."
 She was right.
 Nearly everyone left over the next little while as they either finished up their assignments, gave up, or finally filled whatever quota of study time they'd been given by their parents.

 wanted to go home, half of them wanted to go back to work. Then Mrs. Campbell started to explain to everyone who was there. "Well, Britney... I'm not going to tell you. You know, Mrs. Campbell, I am not going to tell you. I guess I'll have to be... she'll tell me, or I'll tell her, and we'll deal with it. You know, I don'
-
She laughed.
 "You were serious about being fed!"
 "You'd better believe it."
 She fed him a forkful of fried rice.
 He returned the favor, and within ten minutes the table was covered with grains of rice and bits of food they'd spilled.
 "Let me have some of that sweet and sour chicken," Rick said.
 He shook his head when she speared a piece.
 "No.
 With your fingers."
 "It's too messy!"

 " """"."""""" """"".""" """"".""""""."""."""."""."".".""".""."."."""".""""..""."".".""""."""."".".""
-
Eugene – Good.
 Whose turn is it?
 Karen – Gene!
 Eugene - What?
 Karen – What do you mean good?
 Your father is trapped in a burning building.
 Eugene – Good riddance.
 When they put his stinking corpse into the ground I will dance on the grave and sing a happy little song.
 Art – (Takes Karen aside) He’s not going to be hurt by this dear.
 Karen – But his father could be dieing in a fire.

 ................... I go and find him........ I lock him up in a dark room and................. Where is he.....................................
-
Any second some madman or tyrant could push the button.
 Kapow, our race is a goner.
 See that coming and, walloped by dread reality, spooked beyond reach of old customs and authority, our nature cries, “It’s out there somewhere, whatever it is.
 Go find it.” Eric and I bought Kerouac’s On the Road, and checked out Dharma Bums and his latest, Big Sur, a memoir in minimal disguise, about a fellow who goes to a cabin in the forest to recover from drunkenness and fame.
 Imagine Henry David Thoreau as a neurotic who returns to Walden Pond and finds psychosis awaiting him there.
 Still, we concluded that a poet of Kerouac's passion and skill, who could make a hangover feel romantic, would pull out of his tailspin and rise again.
 That fall, Eric and I read most every day, then sat in my backyard or on a beach or sea cliff and talked for hours at a spell.
 Also, we worked at odd jobs, sold some possessions, and saved most of whatever our moms gave us.
 We needed gas money, so we could chase visions of Kerouac and his Beat pals through the places they haunted at the west end of their cross-country odysseys.
 Twice that fall, the minute school let out on Friday, we sped north on Highway 101.

 to motels and hotels, hotels and motels, and motel and motel the next day in the mountains.<eop> During the year, this was the first time I began reading Kerouac. In the end, I became a lifelong lover of the poetry, and the life, and the lore of life, and love, and all things poetry. I loved the poetry. I loved life. I loved the writing. I loved the prose. I loved the art of the prose, and the
-
He flung the potion back to Aurelia’s mouth, nearly shredding her lower lip on the broken glass.
 More of the silvery-blue liquid poured down her throat.
 Harruq sat there, clutching her hands in his and waiting.
 The seconds crawled slower than the longest of years.
 He didn’t care if anyone came and saw him, not even his brother.
 His tears fell onto her bloodstained dress.
 For far too long, she did not move.
 His heart cried out in agony.
 It was too late.
 He had killed her.

 .... He had killed her.......................... He had killed her. He had killed her............ He killed her..................... Finally, she stood, her eyes wide and her hair slick with tears. As she stared down at the
-
It has been a privilege working with Dr Goldsmith, an editor of extraordinary wit and wisdom.
 I am indebted to Mr Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary General of the United Nations; Dr Federico Mayor, Director General of UNESCO; and Mr James Gustave Speth, Administrator of UNDP, for their support and encouragement.
 A special word of thanks is also due to Mrs Robin La Brie-Jackson, who has helped throughout in managing the work of the Commission with great competence and courtesy.
 Finally, I must acknowledge the inspiration and encouragement provided by Mr T. Natarajan, Secretary, The Mother's Service Society, Pondicherry, India, from the very inception of the idea of the Commission.
 His emphasis on leadership in thought that leads to action has served as a guiding principle for the work of the Commission.
 A more complete list of the many individuals and institutions who have contributed generously of their time and resources to our work is contained in the Acknowledgements appended to this volume.
 During 1994 and 1995, several major international events will take place.
 The International Conference on Population and Development at Cairo in September 1994, the World Summit for Social Development at Copenhagen and the Fourth World Conference on Women at Beijing in 1995, and the designation of 1995 as the International Year for Tolerance all provide unique opportunities for promoting sustainable and equitable development.
 The past 50 years since the birth of the UN have marked striking progress in every field of human endeavour, except in the areas of ecological and human security.
 We should now concentrate on these aspects of security, so vital for sustained human happiness and fulfilment.

 membership of the European Union is equally important to support and ensure the development of human society, the development and growth of the economy, and the promotion and protection of human health, social security and the environment. In this respect we should focus our action on the prevention and proliferation of drugs and weapons, to combat of terrorism, to promotion of peace, and to the promotion and protection of the quality of life, language and culture.<eop> The work of all members of the United Nations is, in this
-
I told him about this contest me and Qurrah made up, some arm wrestling thing.
 Guy was drunk out of his mind, so when I told him we could win four gold coins he should have figured something was off.
 “We met after work, just past sundown, and I led him straight to Qurrah, who cast a spell on Perry then, kind of like you did with the guards.
 He shouted until his head turned purple but made no sound for the effort.
 Then Qurrah cast another spell that made him go all tough and rigid.
 Felt like I was holding a stick.
 We took him inside and put him on the floor.
 “He wasn’t supposed to die,” Harruq said, staring right into Aurelia’s eyes so she would know he spoke the truth.
 “We didn’t mean to have what happened happen, but well…‌Qurrah put a bunch of meat on Perry’s face.
 It was old and rancid.

 head, eyes,, and face. She gave a bunch of pieces of meat to him. “... a..... a............... a..,... a... a...... a...... a.... a....... a
-
Then he quickly reached down and covered Korin’s mouth, pulled him up, and slipped behind him.
 Rodregas saw Korin’s bulging eyes as he tried to get a better look at his captor.
 Korin struggled but not as if his life depended on it.
 He was probably confused.
 The image of the day that Rodregas had started to hate him came back.
 A family of AElves had been taken prisoner; they were just common AElves with no real magic.
 Korin was interested in the father, a good-looking man.
 The wife was equally beautiful and they had a slim child named Jorin.
 Rodregas had taken Jorin under his wing.
 He had only been working at Raven Keep for a little over a year at the time and was still learning the names of the prisoners.

 time, Korin had realized that Korin was trying to see more of himself.............<eop> Rodregas saw the image of the man that had been captured; he was a man. He was a young man and there was a point where he was sweating. Rodregas was staring at him. Rodregas watched him carefully.<eop> Korin was in extreme pain when he was opening his eyes. Rodregas was looking at
-
Harruq shrugged.
 “I said it before.
 I’m here to protect you.”
 “Then kill those that seek to kill me,” Qurrah said, a bit of his sleepiness leaving him.
 “Our master has given us so much.
 Power.
 Weapons.
 A purpose.
 What more could we ever ask for?”
 “Yeah, what else,” Harruq said, shifting more of his brother’s weight onto his shoulder.

 ,,,...........” “Oh,,....................................................................,,.....
-
They must appear black in the shadows.
 The thought made me flush.
 I was staring into someone’s eyes.
 But as quickly as I had come upon him, he was gone.
 He turned from me without a word and disappeared in a few long strides.
 I watched him go.
 Short dark hair, dark eyes, and a large, strong build.
 He certainly wasn’t from this clan.
 Junnie cleared her throat.
 “Freya?” I hadn’t realized she was watching me from the open door.

 .. I needed to save her. I had get to her. I had to... I had to save her. I didn’t have to.... I didn’... I had to...<eop> Junnie crossed her arms around me. She stepped up the steps to reach over my shoulder. I laid my right hand on her shoulder, cuffed her left wrist, and walked back over to her side, hugged, and kissed her neck.<eop>
-
Government plays a critically important role in defining and protecting property rights, ensuring competitive conditions, controlling monopolies, regulating foreign trade, establishing and enforcing quality standards, safeguarding the rights of investors and consumers, preserving the environment from over-exploitation and pollution, encouraging investment, and upholding the rights of employees to minimum wages, safe working conditions and social security in the case of lay-offs.
 The policies that have made possible the most successful recent development initiatives of nations around the world, especially in Japan and the newly industrialized nations of the Pacific Rim, do not support the argument for unregulated free market forces.
 These countries combined freedom for entrepreneurial initiative, private property and market prices with care fully crafted industrial policies and tightly controlled foreign trade and investment practices to nurture and protect nascent industries and restrict foreign investment.
 At the same time, they organized the importation of foreign technology on a massive scale.
 They utilized import tariffs, export incentives, tax relief and other mechanisms to guide development of their domestic economies.
 The reform programme involved the dismantling of most of the administrative mechanisms by which an economy can be monitored and controlled by government.
 In place of free market conditions, organized crime and corruption became rampant.
 In seeking to reject thoroughly the authoritarian form of government that suppressed the rights of the people, many of these countries allowed the power and authority of their central governments to de cline to the point where they could no longer enforce conditions needed for operation of either a command economy or a free market system.
 The power of government in the West may be veiled by the fact that its laws are usually obeyed without the need for exercise of force, but the threat of enforcement is as real for tax evaders in North America as it was for free marketers under the communist regime in USSR.
 Regardless of the system, strong government is a prerequisite for a strong economy.

 of strong government is to a strong economy. In a strong government it is the system that is to contribute to sustainable employment and economic growth. It is, in fact, absolutely essential to a strong economy. Strong government is essential to maintaining healthy economic conditions and the balance between the state, the people in power and the people of the country, the poor, and the workers and the rich.....<eop><eod> At first, the most important factors in the formation of, and
-
She thought about it for a moment.
 "Could I have one of your t-shirts?"
 "Of course.
 Do you want to take your clothes with you?"
 "No.
 I could never wear them except when I'm alone, and when I'm alone, I want to wear your t-shirt.
 Will you go change into one now so that it will .
 .
 .
 will .

 ... and... " "T-shirt?" "Stand, and, and, and... and........ " "".. " """ " "" " " " " "" "" "" "" " " ""
-
He knew that this was the greater sigil that he wanted to gain.
 It was in a perfect circle.
 He had taken in the essence of the Celestial Lion back at Raven Keep, and now Rodregas would consume his own magical power with the greater sigil of a Celestial Lion and become a perfect vessel for its power.
 Rodregas forced himself to step back.
 This was their chance for Doi’van, and he would get a second chance if needed.
 He looked over at the other two.
 Once Rodregas had turned around from the lion, Doi’van started to walk between the pedestals joining Imeralda at looking around.
 He stood in front of the great six-legged stallion, the kind of steed the Gods themselves ride, and then walked over to the Great White Stag of the forest and then to the giant eagle that guarded the Celestial sky.
 It was a sight to take the breath from any mortal, a score of beasts that appeared to have been taken right from the heavens.
 “How were the greater sigils created?” Rodregas wondered.

 all the beasts into a mass of energy in the form of the Gods in the inner heavens of the Celestial sky. It became the form of the steed of the forest. Imeralda created the greater sigils due to the magic power of the Gods themselves.<eop> The scores of beasts, that had the essence of the Gods taken in their bodies, were brought back to the beasts of the forest. When they consumed the si
-
Alec's established clear dominance to everyone else here, but he still probably couldn't make his gentler rules stick if it weren't for the fact that Isaac backs him almost without question."
 The object of our discussion was currently backing away from James while trying to keep Jessica from circling around behind him.
 I finally realized what I'd always thought of as grace was really an economy of motion.
 It was like he was saving every possible bit of energy because he never knew when he'd find it necessary to burn up his reserves in a blaze of violence.
 Even as I watched, he spun around, plucking Jessica out of the air, grabbing her by the head mid-leap as she sought to find purchase on this throat.
 He tried to spin back around to meet James' rush, but the smaller hybrid knocked him down with a crash.
 Isaac and Jasmin were there in a blink, tearing the other two wolves off of Alec before the conflict could turn deadly.
 I couldn't breathe until the dust settled, and Alec rolled back up to his feet, dripping blood from a large gash in his side.
 Dominic heard my sudden gasp and reached over to reassure me.
 "He's okay.

 ."<eop><eod> I turned to Dominic. "....." "Yeah... " "Yeah...." "Yeah, Dominic....." "I'm right on the spot."<eop> I stared at him as he gripped the other end of the table, sitting next to me.<eop> "Yeah.. ". " "
-
Now I was really wondering what I had walked in to.
 I labored to get my shoes off: A well placed moan and groan intended to prompt her curiosity.
 “Are you all right?” she asked, coming back into the room with a towel and spreading it flat onto the bed, then bending down and helping me untie my shoes.
 “I have back problems,” I said, standing to remove my dress shirt, exposing the back brace which I removed with angst.
 “Have your doctors given you anything for the pain?” she asked, helping my shirt off of each shoulder.
 I told her I had been given many medications, but I needed to be able to work my job so couldn’t take most of them.
 “I am a Financial Planner and I can’t afford to be loopy,” I said.
 “What kinds of stuff do they give you?” She pooched out her lower lip and tried to look more sad than excited.
 The conversation was headed quickly in the direction I had planned.
 I told her they had given me Vicodin, Darvocet and Oxycodone, which I definitely couldn’t tolerate.

 back up on the bed and shook her head. “So that was your problem?” She rolled to her... “Yes...............”.<eop> “What problem?” she asked, desperately trying to keep me in the conversation... Then she gestured to me and the uncomfortable position I was in. I shrugged and told her I needed a break. With her encouragement, she gently helped me get up again on the bed
-
“Did the dwarfs tell you anything?” I asked, taking the paper.
 None of what she wrote on the paper made any sense to me.
 She shook her head.
 “No and if they did, I was too busy trying to burn them to hear them.” She took the paper back.
 “Well I think the only thing we’ve established is that toad dwarves are crazy.” Seth said.
 I noticed a thin, red line on his cheek where a thrasher must have scratched him.
 Emily wagged her finger at him.
 “Never dis facts.
 They might save you later in life.” Seth just snorted.
 Jason punched him in the side.

 a minute. Then Emily and I take the the dwarfs’ paper.”<eop> “Cas...’” Emily motioned her hand back to Jason. I held up the paper. Emily and Jason laughed, and Emily took the paper again.<eop> “...’<eop> “Cas...” Jason hit Emily in the cheek and laughed.<eop> “Ca...”<eop> “Cas...”<eop> “Ca...” laughed.<eop>
-
My brother had connections at this rehab center.
 It’s a big one, called Narconon, a non-profit operated by the Church of Scientology, to which my brother belongs.
 We are not Scientologists, but honestly I didn’t care who was running the program.
 I had heard my fair share of opinions and criticism of this religion but it just didn’t outweigh the other options.
 “Honestly,” I told Lisa, “I don’t care if he comes out with a shaved head and a pony tail selling incense at the airport, as long as he comes out clean and sober with the ability to deal with his addiction.” She agreed.
 As we put one foot in front of the other, his journey would begin, hour-by-hour followed by a day then a week and hopefully he would embrace the program and discover whatever was causing his self-destructive behavior.
 Early on, I had many phone calls and up-dates from the staff of the rehab center as to Brandon’s progress, some good and most bad.
 He craved this drug and he would say anything to get it.
 He would claim he was in extreme pain and he needed a doctor or anything as an excuse to escape to the outside world.
 These counselors had heard it all before; as former drug addicts they had used the same tactics.

 , the addicts, the, the............, they would get out and try the other side. All the drugs, the abuse, the other counselors, the therapists, the former addicts, the horrors of abuse....... it was time to make the choice, and Brandon made the right choice.<eop> This was early on when I took the first step. I put one foot in front of the
-
“Sooner?” Harruq said.
 “We paraded through the city like criminals and were tossed out with swords at our backs.
 If we were to leave, I wanted to leave on our own terms, not like that.”
 He swore a few times, getting progressively more colorful as he went.
 “Two minutes alone with that guard,” he muttered.
 “I’d have him drinking through a brand new hole in his neck.”
 “How skilled are you with those?” Qurrah asked, gesturing at the swords in the grass next to Harruq.
 Even though they lived in such cramped quarters, Qurrah still knew very little of Harruq’s life other than what he did at his request.
 “I’ve watched the guards training new men,” Harruq said, drawing a blade and holding it with one hand.
 “And I’ve been practicing every night after you’re in bed and no one is around to watch and get curious.

 you what I want you to do then, I tell you what I want you to do. You like it, but I’ll watch your movements. I’ll see what you can do. I’ll let you know what I’m. If I don’t follow me.....”<eop> “No sir, you don’t have the words for that.” Harruq laughed at what he said. “I want you to. I want you to
-
Once there, we pretty much surfed, drank and looked for pot.
 We were on an extended vacation and my best friend Pete, who went with me, was a spoiled brat with an endless supply of money from his father who was one of the Greek associates of my stepfather, Dino.
 We were bound to get in trouble or find ourselves in danger and that is exactly what happened.
 One day a very tall guy walking the streets just outside our apartment in Waikiki approached us.
 He told us he had the best quality pot at his apartment.
 Once inside his apartment, he went into a back room to get the pot.
 As we waited in the kitchen, a group of large men walked in with knives, mugged us then threw us out.
 The oldest trick in the effing book.
 It was quick and easy for them and we got to leave without a knife in our gut.
 Who were we going to tell?

 we were leaving, a big guy's car pulled up behind us and there was a guy who wanted to come in and tell us what he was doing. He was supposed to take care of our money..........................................................
-
I pulled my arrow out and notched it, aiming it at Kojas’ back.
 “Jazell, wait!” I didn’t turn around as Emily and Jason skidded to a halt behind me.
 I didn’t drop my bow either.
 “Wait Jazell,” she panted.
 I tightened my grip.
 “Why?
 He’s going to try to take Seth.
 We have to stop him.” Then I released my arrow.
 It’s an understatement to say all hell broke loose.
 In my opinion, it was way crazier than that.

 across the room and sat up. “What’s Kojas?” I went to the door and peered at the darkness around the girl’s eyes. “.................... I looked at the back of Seth Kojas, I held her.......... I held her held her, I held her. Seth, what? He’s going to try to take her
-
She'd been slightly pink yesterday, but today she was a lovely golden brown.
 "I was in the water more than you."
 She licked jelly from her lips.
 "Would you like me to go get you more juice?"
 "No thank you."
 He took a sip of tea.
 "No one's ever served me breakfast in bed before."
 "Really?"
 She smiled.
 "I'm glad I'm the first."

 the room. "".""".""""."""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" """" """"" """"""""""".." ""...
-
Using the clothes and robes from upstairs, the two brothers wiped away as much of Ahrqur’s blood as they could.
 They tossed the bloody clothes, the table, and the pieces of glass they into the fireplace and burned them.
 Harruq wrapped the body in spare blankets he found in a closet.
 “Grab the sword,” he said as he hoisted the dead elf onto his shoulder.
 “I have it,” Qurrah said, retrieving the elven blade and its dark green sheath from the floor.
 They gave one last look around.
 Everything was back in place.
 No drawers remained open or scattered, no blood stained the floor, and only the sword that used to hang above the fireplace was blatantly missing.
 “Come brother, the night is waning fast,” Qurrah said.
 Harruq shifted the body to a more comfortable position.

 , Qurrah said, as he lifted the body from the elven sheath....<eop> Harruq went to the dining room to find a fire going outside. With his arm wrapped in blankets, Harruq took the corpse to the fire’s fire. He scooped the corpse out of the fire and wiped the blood on it.<eop>..................... to
-
It was good.
 CM:  	But, Crafty---
 BG:  	Fuck him, you know?
 He’s—what?—involved in other things, things that preclude me, including still living in that fucking group, still living in Black Lung, you know?
 He doesn’t want to grow up.
 He doesn’t want me to grow up.
 LE: 	He doesn’t accept that you’ve changed.
 That you’re not a Guitar God.
 That you’re God yourself.
 BG: 	In a manner of speaking.

 : --- he can’t. He he’s not able to fucking grow up. He’s not able to, he’s not ready. He he’s unwilling to grow up. He doesn’t want, he’s not ready to fucking grow up --- He he’s not.<eop> He’s not, he he’s, he’s a God, hell, he’s a God, he’s, he’s
-
The fire came once more, wrapping around his throat.
 Smoke blurred his vision, the smell of his own charring flesh filled his nose, and he dropped his sword to claw at his neck.
 Flesh burned off his fingers.
 He felt the pain fade away.
 Then nothing.
 The whip slithered off his throat and coiled around the half-orc’s hand.
 “Simply pitiful,” Qurrah said again, but Jeremiah did not hear it.
 His soul was already on its way.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 of axes, and swords, and axes, and swords, and, swords, and sword, and whip, whip, and sword, whip... whip, whip, swords..., whip, swords, whip, swords....... whip, axe, whip..... whip, whip, whip..... it is going to be.......
-
Right Seth?” She glared at him.
 He shrugged.
 “I guess.” Emily perked up.
 “You see, everyone makes mistakes.” Seth grunted to himself.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Hey Seth, it’s not like you haven’t done something stupid.
 We all remember the swamp troll.” Seth frowned and Jason snickered.
 Seth punched his arm.
 “Hey don’t make me nag you about the time you almost took off my head with your throwing knifes.” Jason stopped dead and narrowed his eyes.
 “It was an accident.

 other side of the lake. The other side of the lake. The....................... the.............. the................. the......... the......... on the other side of the lake.<eop> “
-
Vulnerable.
 You dig?
 CM:  	Did you go to the funeral?
 BG:  	Naw.
 I didn’t, man.
 We were playing that weekend, I think.
 But, it was like, he’s dead, you know?
 He’s dead forever.
 What does one day have to say about forever?
 You follow me?

 ?...?????....? You follow me. CM: Yes. CM: Did you want to make the trip to the funeral anyway? BG: Um, yeah. I didn’t want to go to the funeral, but????...??...?????...???....? BG: I just don’t
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 “Clear your mind,” Velixar said to his apprentice.
 “Let the emptiness give you comfort.”
 The wind blew, swirling cold through his ragged clothes.
 Velixar watched his apprentice take several deep breaths.
 “For this spell to work, you must have a significant idea in mind,” he said.
 “Make it bleak and vile.
 If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
 Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.

 the spell down, pouring out the darkness into the vastness of the void......,.,....,.................,..,........<eop> Make it to the!
-
"What is it?"
 She dropped her own gaze.
 "The reason I like dancing so much is that I like you to hold me."
 He smiled at the pretty rosiness in her cheeks.
 Taking her hand, he leaned close to whisper, "One day--one day soon--I plan to arrange things so that I can hold you all night long."
 Her blush deepened.
 She understood his allusion, and although she wasn't ignorant of what the marriage bed involved, she had no firsthand experience at all.
 And Davis wasn't some adolescent boy trying to touch what he shouldn't; he was her Prince Charming, and he'd all but proposed marriage to her.
 Daringly she entwined her fingers with his and raised her eyes to smile into his.
 The evening was magic.

 ready to dance. She was going to lie in the bed. The bed....and the bed...and the bed...and the bed...and....and the bed....and she was the head of the bed. and....and she was at the head of the bed... "Oh... and... "<eop> "," he said, glancing at the ceiling
-
“Aurelia!”
 No answer.
 “Aurelia!
 It’s me, from last night!
 Can you hear me?”
 Only the calm, scattered sounds of the forest returned his call.
 “Damn elf,” Harruq grumbled, crossing his arms and looking all about.
 “She’s probably not here.
 He just sent me out here to look stupid yelling at trees.”
 “And what elf would that be?” asked a familiar voice from behind.

 ..”<eop> “Damn.”<eop> “What?”<eop> “Yes, that’s right. “What’s wrong with that?” asked another. “What’s wrong there?”<eop> An elf from behind him went screaming into a tree. “Damn..”<eop> “What.. “<eop> Oh, “No sir,.”<eop> “No sir,..”<eop> “No, sir... damn
-
I headed down the hall towards the men’s restroom and I felt myself weakening with every step.
 I pushed on the door and then the next thing I knew, I was waking up on the floor with the restroom door against my side, propping it open like a bag of sand, half of my body in the restroom and half out in the hall.
 After splashing some water in my face I returned as if nothing had happened, but I knew and I suspected that Lisa did too.
 Shortly thereafter, we entered the hospital in first time frantic labor.
 We were calmly directed to the “birthing room.” There was no turning back.
 There is no way to describe this to anyone who has not witnessed a birth.
 Those that have, know exactly what I am saying.
 When my boy let out his first cry, I was so relieved and amazed.
 He was perfect.
 A boy.

 I wanted to hold him..... I was so so happy to have him.... I was happy to hold him.... I was so happy to see him as a baby. I was so happy to be there.<eop> After my nurse directed me down the hall to the birthing room, I grabbed my hospital bag and my purse and headed to the bathroom. After I went and shower and grabbed everything I had to... I was so so happy to
-
But we played fairly well together until, one Sunday evening, I wanted to go to a certain dance, which was held weekly and at which I always danced with other girls in addition to Liz.
 This time, Liz wanted me to myself, at her place.
 Her folks were out of town.
 Maybe the proposition and setup spooked me.
 Anyway, for reasons lost to time, I went to the dance alone, and afterward took Serena Furby for a ride.
 I hadn’t known that Serena and Liz sat next to each other in summer school.
 Liz called me various names and tried to get our friend Les Falos to thrash me.
 He considered the proposition, then laughed it off.
 A couple weeks passed before Bill Torrey came and asked if I would mind him taking Liz out.
 No problem, I said.

 to............ I said, to..................................................... I said.................. I said, to......
-
Please come out."
 Marie zipped and buttoned her shorts and looked at her hair in the mirror.
 Part of her wanted to stay mad at him, but she didn't want to waste a Sunday fighting.
 Tucking her hair behind her ear, she opened the door.
 Rick snatched her up, hugging her fiercely.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
 "Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
 He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.

 , saying "please talk to me, sweetheart........................ and kissed her and kissed her....... "Come out." Rick kissed her and then he ran his hands over her face and over his mouth and kissed her and kissed her... and kissed her and went to the bathroom and opened the door. He didn't let her go and he
-
You especially do not trust people who try to kill you while you sleep.
 And as long as people thought he might be Ravenhurr, maybe a little crazy from a spell gone wrong or something, the less likely the Guild of the Celestial Path would send the Immortal Guards against him.
 So Rodregas said, “Let’s just say I am trying to figure out who I am.
 You can call me…,” he thought for a minute, making it obvious he was making up a fake name.
 He did not want to use his real name.
 He thought to himself, “Who do I want to be?” “If I’m going to try to fight against the Immortalists, then some sort of name fit for a Celestial Paladin, or maybe one fit for an Infernal adversary was needed,” he thought with a smile.
 The only way he could have survived the ceremony would have been divine intervention, so he said the first thing that came to mind, “You can call me Sir Paladin, that will work for now,” he said it with a smile and a slight snicker at his own joke.
 “Just what kind of Paladin would you be?” Imeralda asked him.
 “Why, it should be obvious to you more than anyone,” Rodregas said with a slight bow to the beautiful half AElf.
 “The kind of heroic Paladin that rescues beautiful maidens in distress and frees’ innocent prisoners from the dungeons of evil sorcerers.” Rodregas could not help but smile at his own line.

 .... he, the woman, half AElf, half Imeralda....... He made a slight bow to a man. “I don’t think you want to be Sir Paladin” he thought, to the statue of the man that was a statue of a man, because he was beautiful, he didn’t want to be..... he thought to the woman.... well, she was very beautiful, but
-
Dino’s funeral could be a book in itself.
 On the day of the funeral, we went from church to viewing to church to graveyard, always with another sermon or eulogy, with unbelievable crying and hysterics.
 I was in the family limo with my mother, my brothers and poor old Grandpa (Dino’s father).
 Before I got in the limousine a man walked up to me and introduced himself as Grandpa’s doctor.
 He handed me a bottle of small white pills and told me they were nitroglycerine tablets and to get one under the old man’s tongue if he seemed to be having a heart attack.
 Great, Grandpa is rambling in Greek and may die on my watch!
 At least Dino is not here to beat me if I fuck this up.
 So in the limo I’m tossing these little white pills in Grandpa’s mouth like candy.
 I have no idea what I am doing, but he is still alive and rambling away in Greek.
 As the limo drives from location to location for this funeral-a-thon, my little brother Harry is watching a helicopter above us.

 brother Harry is rambling away in Greek in Grandpa’s mouth......................as the family members watch the helicopter............Grandpa is still alive in the helicopter and pretending that he is breathing............................as his eyes are
-
BG:  	Yeah, I’m ok.  Ok.
 LE: 	It’s late.
 CM:  	Yeah, it’s actually dark outside, I think.
 You want dinner?
 I’ll buy dinner.
 BG:  	No, no, thanks.
 CM:  	Beautiful, the light there against that white wall, against the sash.
 It’s like a ruddle…
 BG: 	Blood.
 It’s the color of blood.

 blood, it’s blood. And the color of...... It’s the... it’s the.......... I’m ok....... I ’................ LE: Blood. It’s blood. Blood, blood.
-
Harruq followed the man’s upward gaze but saw only clear night sky.
 “Keep it away from me!” the man shouted as Qurrah released his hand and backed away.
 A glint of pleasure shone in his eyes as he watched his handiwork.
 The nobleman struggled against the ropes, his gaze locked on the sky.
 “Please, no, take it away, I’ll do anything, anything, just keep it away.
 Don’t let it touch me, please, please, DON’T LET IT TOUCH ME!”
 The man screamed for the next two minutes.
 Then he died.
 “What did you do to him?” Harruq asked once the man was dead.
 “Fear is an entertaining weapon, is it not?”

 it to torture him, used it to physically make him kill him, but it won’t physically kill you. If it did belong to you, you would use it, it belongs to you, and it won’t kill you. The spirit of the man was tied to the wrists of his hand, and “If I do it again, I will hurt you, I hate you, I will kill you. I will you come back to me, before you go back to your life
-
she asked when he got in without doing so.
 "No."
 He turned the key, put the car in reverse, and backed out of the garage.
 She gave him directions, trying not to notice how different all the houses in the neighborhood looked.
 "There--over there!
 That's my house!"
 She jumped out before he could stop completely and ran up to the front door.
 Rick dashed after her, grabbing her arm before she could open the door.
 "We'd better knock."
 "But this is my house."

 ....." "..".................., the barns, the........"""".""".."...""""""""...""""".."""..""""""....""""""..""
-
Ominous signs have appeared that the authoritarian past is not yet fully buried and could once again arise, if the forward momentum of the transition process does not quickly improve the lives of people within the region.
 The whole world has an immense stake in the successful outcome of the transition in Eastern Europe.
 Initial Results of Reform
 The pre-existent conditions, the starting point of the transition, the timing, speed and extent of the reforms introduced during the past five years varied considerably among the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
 But, with few exceptions, they were founded on the same general principles and on the policy recommendations of Western proponents of rapid transformation to total free-market liberal capitalism, based on a simultaneous shock strategy encompassing macro-economic stabilization, prices and property rights.
 Western governments and the international financial institutions, led by the IMF, strongly advocated this approach and linked financial assistance to its adoption.
 The strategy called for rapid deregulation of prices, privatization of farms and industry, introduction of a convertible currency, and balancing the budget to reduce the high fiscal deficits, primarily by reducing military expenditure and subsidies to producers and consumers.
 The assumption was that a programme with these elements would result in a significant increase in production, efficiency and the availability of consumer goods within a short time.
 The actual results were quite contrary to the expectations of these countries’ Western economic advisers, as well as to the governments and people of the region.
 The initial phase of reforms had a disastrous impact on the economies, on the people and in some countries on peace and political stability.

 emerged in the reform among the 25 countries of the region, the 25 nations of Europe, and in Central Asia. It depended on the growth of the economy...... on the development of the economy, the development of economic and political infrastructure and the development of the political economy. The development of the economy and the infrastructure depended on the political economy, the political economy and the economy that led to the prosperity of the economy and the people..........
-
CM: 	And the next cut is “Forget my Roots.’
 BG:  	It’s the same thing, ok?
 Same fucking thing.
 You think I don’t know that.
 It’s a companion piece.
 It’s meant to be ironic—you think I’m stupid and don’t see that they’re the same song.
 See, “Forget my Roots” is an inversion of “Burn my Bridges.”  You gotta compare the lyrics.
 I’m not gonna connect the dots for you, man, I’m the artist.
 You gotta meet me halfway.
 Ok?

 : Oh, yeah, I’m sure it’s the same one. It’s the same one. It’s the same one too. Same one. It’s the same one.<eop> I’m sure it’s the same song.<eop> I’m sure the same song too. It’s the same song. I got it right. BG: And it’s the same, oh yeah. It’s the same.<eop> It’s the same
-
The fire between the two suddenly roared with life.
 Its flames danced in the air far above their heads.
 Amongst the fire’s flickering tails, Qurrah saw images take shape.
 They were scattered and random, without time or order.
 He saw a small town besieged by corpses.
 He saw massive armies of undead marching across the plains to battle a horde of hyena-men.
 He saw the walls of a great city smashed to pieces as men climbed over, swords high and armor shining.
 And then he saw Karak and Ashhur cross blades.
 He tore his eyes from the fire, unable to withstand the strength of the image.
 The fire shrank back to a small blaze.

 .............................. a woman.......... a man............... standing up to.......... to......................
-
Afterwards, well… after several afterwards, they were curled up on her mattress.
 Rodregas was very happy he had salvaged the mattress from Captain Poir.
 He had had no way to know that the mattress was going to come in so handy.
 He lay there with Imeralda's head laying on his shoulder and her body half draped on his own and half on the mattress, he was thankful that Doi’van had clearly heard what was going on.
 Rodregas assumed he must have slept back in the barn.
 Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.
 Rodregas had suggested to Imeralda that they should stop in case Doi’van walked in, but she had shown no signs of caring and quickly took the thought away from him with her actions.
 Rodregas wanted to ask her what this encounter had meant, but he knew that while such questions were natural they were never helpful.
 Two people fresh from their first lovemaking were in no place to talk about a relationship.
 Rodregas had made a promise to the gods and though she was the most amazing woman in the world, still he would do his duty.

 had been a vow to her and she just was.... she was...... was... was... was...... was.... was... was...... she was the most thing of beauty that he had ever seen. Rodregas had become a miracle... and a miracle... she was one of the few beings that had ever been able to fulfill his dreams.
-
Just do not try to deceive me.”
 Harruq nodded.
 “Alright, then you can come this morning.
 We’ve got to hurry though, or we’ll be late.”
 “I am ready,” Qurrah said.
 “When _you_ are ready, lead on.”
 The big half-orc flew about their home, grabbing his old swords and donning his faded leather armor.
 When ready, he nodded to Qurrah, who let out a rare laugh.
 “You are amusing, brother,” was all he said before following him out.
 !

 ..... my brother,!....!.!!!!!!..... I am going to take him in, today.!!! When he is ready, Harruq...!!...........................
-
“I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
 I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
 Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
 We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
 We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
 Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
 Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.
 The woman definitely did not look her age at all, and she was still as beautiful as I imagined she was in her youth.
 She smiled warmly at us, her smile a reflection of Emily’s.
 “Hello girls, come in.

 I’m right there...... it’s me, Emily’s mom.... I’m here..... it’s not Emily’s mom.... please come here.” I stepped into the car and we rode back to the safety of her house.<eop><eod>.... I wanted my parents to go home, and I wanted Emily to want to see her mom again. I wanted her to come in and see
-
Britney perked up at my answer.
 "We so have to go down there soon.
 It's the only place within an hour and a half where you can do any decent shopping."
 Normally the prospect of driving for hours to watch someone else spend money I didn't have, sounded roughly as appealing as laying out naked at the pool until I had second-degree burns on my whole body.
 Then again, maybe burns wouldn't be so bad if they let me disappear into the anonymity of a large crowd in an actual city rather than dealing with hick hostility.
 "That sounds great; I can't wait to get out of this stupid town."
 A couple of people started a bit, and I heard a locker slam shut with surprising force.
 The eavesdroppers were predictably pissed I was dissing their home, but I didn't care.
 It served them right.
 Don't listen in if you aren't prepared to hear something you won't like.

 s the only place I'm going until I make it to the door, and if you aren't willing to hear it until you get it, you likely won't care.<eop><eod> I walked up to a few of the people to open the trunk of my car. I knew I wasn't going to shoot, nor that I wanted to be. I did have a camera, and I'm not the type to take it... and I knew that. So I
-
He turned towards me, only to break off as a cell phone rang.
 "It's for you, probably your mom.
 Pretend you're home, I'll explain once you're finished."
 I almost dropped the phone, and probably wouldn't have managed to figure out how to answer the call in time if he hadn't reached over and pushed the green button for me.
 "Hello?"
 "Adri, honey, are you sure this is a good idea?
 I haven't gotten on the charter plane yet, there's still time to call this off if you're uneasy about being alone for so long."
 The last place I wanted her right now was home though, so it was easier than normal to lie.
 "Mom, this is the chance of a lifetime.
 Don't worry about me, I'll be fine."

 "<eop> "..." " "Mom "<eop> "Mom " " " " " "<eop> " " " "  " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "<eop> "... " " " " " " "..."<eop> "
-
My screams called everyone to order, but then it subsided.
 However, it was only long enough to catch my breath and then it was back tenfold.
 I writhed in agony.
 Nothing they did would help.
 I could not control my magic; it shattered most of the things on the nearby table and twice caught the bedding afire.
 The elders were frantic, which only frightened me more.
 I had never seen them agitated.
 This carried on for hours.
 My hair and clothing were drenched in sweat and I was near surrender.
 And then, with no more warning than when the first pains came, it was over.

 elders began to try to move things, to change furniture, to move, to move.... to move, to move the table, to change furniture............. it was over..................................................
-
Physics?
 I mentally reviewed my conversation with the secretary, but couldn't remember either of us mentioning the class.
 As if trying to catch up in Algebra wasn't going to be bad enough, I was going to face the same kind of problem in physics.
 Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.
 The class was in a section of the building I hadn't been to yet, one apparently older than the rest of the building.
 The lights were spaced further apart and the cinder blocks in the walls were a slightly different size.
 Good thing I still had my water.
 The old part of the school was just as hot as the rest.
 You'd think functioning air-conditioning would be a necessity for a school so far south.
 At least it should cool down a little in the coming months.

 , the girl," "Mrss," "sss,", "Mrs," and..........<eop><eod> For the next couple of classes I will be using my name as "Mrs, "Mrsss, the girl, and..............................
-
But somewhere in my heart I guess I had always hoped that Thomas and I would mend the damage between us.
 That one day I could forgive.
 That one day our families would spend a holiday together, and that holiday would lead to another and eventually things would be as normal as they could be.
 Part of me also felt that my older brother was in need of a way to get back in good graces of the family and that maybe I could give this to him by reaching out.
 I contacted Thomas in desperation, and he did have the connections to get my son into Narconon, a private rehab program that we couldn’t afford.
 We put the word out through some of Brandon’s friends that his Uncle Thomas could help him get into this private rehab if he wanted the help, but Brandon had to want it.
 Chapter 22: In Sight of the Bottom About a month had passed since we talked with Thomas and sent the word out to Brandon.
 Last we heard, Brandon was about 400 miles south working with a friend.
 I wondered what prison would be like for Brandon and wished he were in prison because at least we’d know where he was; he wouldn’t be a drug addict wandering the streets.
 Strange irony, that.

 not have to go, either because me, my older brother, and son were going to prison. But where was I....in sight of the bottom? I guess it could be a number of things here, all the family, the moms, the dads and kids, the relatives, friends, the spouses of the family, the people who are trying to talk to me...., and the kids themselves...., but I’m not sure
-
He stroked my cheek lightly with the back of his hand.
 “Sleep.” And I did.
 My dreams were vivid.
 Crimson curls brushing my cheek and bouncing as a slender fairy danced across the floor, flitting her painted fingers.
 Stone houses in the night, the glare of fire glinting off the rock.
 Massive stones rising high above.
 Dark leather, tight against my skin.
 Cloaks flowing in the wind, forming a circle and then massing together, threatening.
 Black hair glistening with sweat in the moonlight and rolling in rhythm as the horse ran, its mane rocking hypnotically with the motion.
 Its heavy equine smell, so unlike any other.

 , dancing in the moonlight, swaying by the musk of fire. The golden curls glistening from the smoke and sweat of the horses. The smell of................ Horses dancing on the floor, swaying in the moonlight and in the houses in the night, in the glare of fire. The smell of.................
-
"The biggest difference will be that we're going to have to shuffle some class schedules to make sure Brandon and his pack don't have access to you or Rachel.
 Everything else is just kind of a corollary to that.
 At least one pack member will need to be with you whenever you leave the house."
 I spit out the toothpaste currently prohibiting me from being able to respond, and swung the door open.
 "Alec, it's the middle of the semester.
 We can't just walk into the office and tell them we want to change our schedules.
 It doesn't work that way."
 ** After seeing Vincent's 'accident', and knowing he'd probably been trying to kill or at least seriously injure Ben just for the fun of it, I couldn't really argue with Alec.
 Rachel seemed relatively unfazed by the idea of bodyguards, but I wasn't especially excited about yet another point of difference between me and everyone else.
 Still, school was both better and worse than expected.

 I got to see Ben with all the trappings of a school kid, and... I got to see my brother, right next to me, and right right next to him and his brother. "I'm actually seeing my brother, his brother,... '... '..'his brother...'s his brother, his brother,...'his brother, his brother and it's his brother, the
-
Where were Seth and Jazell?
 Were they okay?
 More importantly, where were they?
 “I don’t know,” she said finally.
 “I just don’t know.” “Oh no,” Jason said nervously.
 “When Emily doesn’t know, the world ends.
 Do you wish now that you were at home, curled up with a book?” “Yes.” *** “Seth,” I said, “calm down and think.
 We can’t stay here forever, and pace.”Seth didn’t stop and he started mumbling under his breath.
 I walked up and pushed him around.
 “Seth, you have to think.

 ....... Emily, you have to think... think............................... you have to think................................................
-
He seemed disoriented for a moment and then his breathing slowed and his arms relaxed.
 He stared at me as if I were a delusion, a dream looking back at him.
 He was speechless and it occurred to me that perhaps elves were not a part of this human’s knowledge.
 I wondered if he would recover soon.
 I considered abandoning him and returning to watch the others, but his face was so interesting, the emotions so plain and readable there.
 But he wasn’t afraid.
 It was awe.
 I decided to have a little fun with him.
 They couldn’t possibly be dangerous.
 “Hello.” I spoke to him slowly, but it appeared he didn’t comprehend.

 are you? Where are you?”. I looked at him for a moment and then looked back and shook his head. “I.... I don’t understand. But I was afraid. I wasn’t sure what he was thinking, but I knew he was terrified. And I wanted to come to them, to... to the.... I came to them and I came to the elves, the wolves, the wolves and the elves and the wolves. I
-
I'm sure you've got a full class load, but we haven't gotten into anything truly difficult yet.
 The sooner we get you caught up, the better off you'll be.
 Shall we say a month from today?"
 The prospect of trying to catch up, all the while needing to master new material and deal with a full schedule of other classes, was too much.
 I felt tears rising to the surface even as my heartbeat sped up to near-panic attack levels.
 That was the last thing I needed, but I could only fight off so many worries at once, and I was quickly approaching my limits.
 "Now don't come unglued on me.
 The school has set aside some discretionary funds for a math tutoring lab after school every day.
 We're not fully staffed yet, but if you swing by we should be able to help clear up any questions you might have.
 You'll have to do the majority of the work.

 Yes."<eop> "I'll have to do the math?" I asked."I know the answer." "You will."<eop> "Yes I'll have to help with the math, and then I'll have to have to do the homework."""Of course, you won't have to do the math. Just do the homework, and then most of it." I said."Then we'll get to work."
-
Answer me.”
 Harruq looked once more at his brother and then let his head fall.
 “I swear my life to you.
 And to Qurrah.”
 “I would have it no other way,” Velixar said.
 A hand touched his forehead.
 All the anger that had raged inside Harruq roared like a fire suddenly loosed upon a dry forest.
 Sweat poured from his skin.
 His head jerked upward, his eyes soaking in the white of Velixar’s hand and the dim glow of the stars.
 Power flowed into him, his muscles stretching and tightening in a chaotic manner.

 ar reached out with his arms and pulled him up in air. Harruq lowered his face and raised his hands in prayer, his hands touching his foreheads, to God, and then to himself. His body was twisted in a chaotic manner, twisting up until Velixar pulled him into the air. He stared at him in disbelief. He was up in the air and he was out of control. He finally allowed his head to rest in his hands and his eyes to fall into the stars
-
She didn't take her eyes off the screen, and because it was free of sexual innuendo, she understood most of the comedy.
 "That was wonderful," she sighed when the show was over.
 "Imagine--being able to see a picture in your own house whenever you want."
 "That's another thing we take for granted.
 Lots of times I have it on when I'm reading and don't pay any attention to it."
 "Why would you have it on if you're reading?"
 "Just for the sound.
 So I won't feel alone."
 "Oh.
 Does your family live nearby?"

 asked.<eop> "Oh. Yeah." "Oh yeah." "What about your family?"<eop> "I don't know them. I think it's up to me." ""Don't you care?" "I do." "I" care." "I"I" care."<eop> "What do you don't care much about most?" "The sound."<eop>
-
The Japanese?
 The American?
 Although the ostensible goal of transition has been to economies based on private ownership, three years after the initiation of transition programmes, very little privatization has actually taken place in most countries of the region.
 It is widely believed that acceleration of this process will lead to rising unemployment and a widening gap between the rich and the poor, leading to the creation of a huge under class that had been virtually eradicated in previous decades.
 Is this result really the best these countries can hope for in the foreseeable future?
 The events in Eastern Europe have been widely hailed as a victory for democratic capitalism over authoritarian communism.
 The obvious failure of the latter has been used to support the claim of the former to be the sole political and economic heir to the next millennium.
 This view has been applied to justify the imposition of radical shock therapy on the unsuspecting and unprepared populations of Eastern Europe and stringent structural adjustment programmes on many developing countries.
 But the claim itself is based on a limited and superficial interpretation of history.
 The fall of the Berlin Wall marks the end of a confrontation between two divergent systems that have been struggling toward reconciliation throughout the present century – one based on the human right to freedom and the determinism of the free market, the other based on the right to basic economic security and the determinism of the state.

 therefore to say that the fall of the wall and the end of the failure of a fundamental system of the people of Europe, the system that is Eastern Europe, is due to developments in the development of democracy in the the Middle East. The successful fall of the Wall and the fall of the Berlin Wall is a sign of return to democratic capitalism in the Western world, the return to the process of democracy in the Middle East, and the end of the crisis of the democratic countries of Eastern Europe.<eop>
-
Alec turned around while I was still trying to get my throat to work again.
 "You stopped breathing.
 What's wrong?"
 The tears his touch had dried up a few seconds before were back, and just seconds away from escaping the corners of my eyes by the time I finally pulled myself up onto my knees and managed to speak.
 "Please don't send me there.
 Not after my dream."
 There was just enough moonlight trickling into the room for me to see his expression change.
 My stomach seemed to reach up and wrap itself around my heart as I realized it was the expression he used when it was important to him that people not know what he was thinking.
 "I'm not sure that's the best idea."
 The tears finally made their escape as I crumpled back onto the bed.

 , Alec. " Alec, I pushed back up onto the pillows and looked at myself. "Oh," Alec.<eop> "Please." I don't want you here. "Please. "No, but I want to go to you. Give me up to you. I just want you up to me. Please don't. "I don't want to. I can't figure out how to do it myself. I don'
-
“Although I doubt the wisdom of leaving him alone with such a beautiful teacher.”
 “Good thing you will not have to worry about that, considering I see no beautiful teachers around,” Aurelia replied.
 Qurrah walked to Aurelia and bowed again, taking her hand in his and kissing it.
 As Aurelia smiled, he rose and whispered into her ear.
 “He loves you, elf.
 I can feel it.
 Do you love him back?”
 “I don’t know,” she whispered.
 “Will you hurt him?”
 “Never.”

 , Qurrah walked to Aurelia and gently took her hand in his. “” “... “”” “....” “” “... “” “ “” “” “...” “ “ “” “...” “...” “” “... “” “” “” “..” “...” “” “”” “” “...” “...
-
Karen – How about we just shorten it to pervert?
 Art – Noooo, that doesn’t feel right to me either.
 Karen – Then what would you prefer Mister?
 Art – Well, it’s a bit of a mouthful, but a bit more accurate than ‘dirty old perverted man’ or whatever.
 I mean ‘dirty old pervert man’ sounds a lot like a super villian’s name or something, and I don’t really think that I could be considered a super villain by any stretch of the concept.
 On top of that there is the ‘old’ part, I’m not really that old, I’m only forty-two years old, which may seem ancient beyond belief to a beautiful young woman such as yourself, but when you get to my level, well, it just kind of is how old you are.
 It doesn’t feel much different than when I was in my twenties or thirties, well I’m in better shape now, which isn’t saying much, I was kind of a nerd back then and didn’t do much exercising…
 Karen – Get on with it.
 Art – Ah yes, where was I?
 Karen – You were eventually going to inform me what you feel I should call you.

 Karen – Tell me if you can call me. Art – I don’t really know what does that mean? Art – Yes, I – but I don’t know what to call you Mister. Karen – Oh, yes, are you?... Karen – I wasn’t going to call you Mister. Art – Oh yes, you are... Karen – She is. Art – I don’t want that to happen.
-
He wet a washcloth for her and one for himself.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart," he said, handing her a washcloth as she straightened.
 "I should keep all these disturbing thoughts to myself."
 With trembling hands, she began washing her face.
 "I feel torn completely in two.
 I don't think I can ever be happy again.
 When I go back, I'll be miserably lonely for you.
 But if I were to stay here, I'd miss my family, my home, my roots.
 I'd feel misplaced.
 I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."

 .. "". " " ".. " ".. ". " ". " ". " ".. " ".. "" ". " " " ".. ". It's all going to be okay, sweetheart."'. '".
-
Too much was on his mind for argument.
 He remained quiet and listened.
 “He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.
 A murderer without guilt.
 Without conscience.
 A living weapon to be used however he wants you to be used.”
 Harruq’s heart sped up a few paces as Aurelia rose and walked over to where he sat.
 She knelt down and rubbed a soft hand against his face.
 She finally looked into his eyes.
 “You are not a weapon, Harruq.

 ..... You are a living weapon, Aurelia............ not to..................................... Not to......... You are not................ You are not..
-
I had to find out what was wrong, and soon.
 “Jazell, are you paying attention?” Emily’s annoyed voice broke my day dreams.
 I snapped back to attention, “Uh yes, I am Emily.
 Just for the record, what are we talking about?” “Jazell you’re hopeless!
 We’re talking about what to do next,” she scowled.
 “Wait,” an idea jumped into my head, “how about we meet under a truce.” Emily stared at me.
 “A truce?
 Seriously?
 That is the complete opposite of what we’re doing.” “I know but trust me; we need to meet under a truce.
 What about monster fighting and this whole puzzle with the dwarfs?

 fighting? What about our puzzle with the dwarfs? Ghost fighting? “Jazell, do we actually meet under a truce? Yes, absolutely.” “But I mean, seriously, what is a truce?” I snapped back to attention again.<eop> Emily angrily stared at me, “What truce? I mean, seriously, I... I mean, I’m thinking what.” Emily snapped to attention, “Wait, you mean what what we’re talking about is?
-
In fact I wonder where that cheerleader is now.
 Jim – Gene…
 Eugene – What?
 Jim – Remember that you promised Art that you would stay out of trouble.
 Eugene – I would ask her first.
 Jim – What if she said no, would you still try to touch her breast.
 Eugene – Well yeah, I’m not about to do all that work to find her just to go home empty handed.
 Johnny – (Yells)ARGGHHHH!
 Eugene & Jim – What’s wrong?
 Johnny – That pun was awful.

 – Jim & Jim – Jim – Jim. Jim – Jim & Jim – Eugene – Eugene – What? Jim – Jim & Jim – Jim – Jim & Jim. Jim & Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim. Jim – Jim – Jim –– Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – What is wrong? Is it? Jim – Jim
-
He tried again, this time with a tired man trudging down the street.
 “Never heard of her,” the man said.
 A few more unsuccessful attempts sent Harruq away from Singhelm and further into Celed.
 There the reception toward him took a significant turn for the worse.
 Many refused to meet his eye or acknowledge his question.
 The half-orc’s frustration grew.
 “That’s it,” he muttered to himself.
 “Just one more and I’m going home.
 To the abyss with all this.” An elf approached.
 He had long brown hair, walnut eyes, and an elaborate bow slung on his back.

 stepped up to greet him and he helped himself to the door. He turned to face him with the man in arms. He looked up and the man started to run away.<eop> A man in a man in his arms, a man in his arms, a man in his arms, a man..... a man in a man in his arms, a man in his arms, a man to arms, and a man a man to arms..... a man in a
-
Shivers worked their way down my spine as some of the pieces clicked into place.
 "He's like you, isn't he?"
 Alec's laugh was a bitter, humorless thing.
 "You mean a monster?
 Yes, we both feel the call of the moon.
 Does that scare you?"
 I shook my head.
 "No.
 I guess a little, but not like it should.
 You wouldn't hurt me after everything you've done for us."

 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "" " " " " " "" " " " " " "" " " " ""'" " " " " " " ""
-
(garbled)
 CM: 	So, it’s ok to say that you had a complete nervous breakdown at this time?
 BG:  	Yeah, sure.
 That’s what it was.
 I found myself with existential nausea, the kind you wake up with in the morning and it’s all over you like an animal and there’s nowhere to go because the beast is you.
 I often backed myself into a corner and curled there like a fetus, as if covering my balls and stomach were protection, as if I feared some attack of a physical nature.
 This is what the fear does to you.
 It’s totally debilitating, man.
 Nausea can unseat you, can defeat the strongest man.
 And it’s a nausea that is in your blood—your whole body is sick.

 ................. it’s............... it’s the gut of your gut. And it’s your stomach. It’s the gut of your stomach, it’s the gut of....... It’s the gut of you. It’s the gut of your stomach. It’s a gut that is in your gut
-
Underdeveloped infrastructure results in high transport and marketing costs.
 The slow rate of technological development and diffusion have slowed growth in agricultural productivity.
 Irrigation potential is underdeveloped and poorly managed.
 A major international commitment is needed to reverse the trends and end the famine threat in Africa.
 The region possesses considerable potential that could be converted into higher rates of growth.
 Africa has the world's largest reserve of arable land, one billion hectares, of which only 20 per cent is presently cultivated.
 Fertilizer use in sub-Saharan Africa is very low relative to other developing countries.
 Per hectare consumption averages just 13 per cent of the level in India and 3.5 per cent of the level in China.
 Recent studies indicate that the area under irrigated crops could be expanded four to five times, primarily through small, private irrigation systems.
 Improved farm systems have demonstrated that they can raise the yields of most crops in the region.

 study of the production and consumption of sugars in the region, the production of butter and milk and the production of sugar, food and drink, shows that the annual rate of production of butter and milk is 2.6 per cent in the region. The storage capacity is low, the rate of production is slow, low, and agricultural productivity is low. In 2008 the region produced a yield of 1.6 per kg, sugar, food and drink.<eop> Two of the most popular crops in the
-
Ruby giggled.
 “Okay, we start slower.” She considered for a moment.
 “Maybe we work on your attacks instead of defense.” I relaxed my stance.
 “Um, I don’t really have any attacks.” “Well, then, I suppose we had better focus on getting you some.
 How to begin?” She was talking to herself now.
 My mind started to wander as I listened for sounds from the men below.
 What are they doing there?
 “I’m afraid we will have to use your anger,” she said, a smile creeping into the corner of her lips.
 “It seemed to work with your lunch.” I remembered the meat I had burnt and flushed.
 “Yes, this will do,” she hummed with a sly grin.

 looked at Ruby. She was talking to herself.<eop> “Okay..............Well, it is time to begin.” I nodded slowly, she said.<eop> I turned my head to look above me. I could hear the sounds of laughter and the men’ murmurs. Suddenly Ruby’s voice had a bit of a tone. She looked at the men. “I see............
-
Make it stop, make it stop… Seth gave me a comforting squeeze but it didn’t help.
 I tried to think of something else, like penguins or llamas.
 Anything, I didn’t care what I thought about, it could be underwear, as long as I wasn’t thinking about what was actually happening to me right now.
 Llamas, I thought urgently.
 Llamas are furry and they spit at you when they’re mad.
 They’re the joke of most middle school kids, they’re tall…I think.
 You can see them at parks or zoos.
 They tend to try to steal your dad’s hat at the zoo.
 They can be black, brown, and white.
 I don’t think there are pink or purple or green llamas out there unless you dye them.

 .............., it’s all you want.............., I’m sorry............, it’s all............, (?!)....................
-
Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When it’s time to go to bed And yucky thoughts are in my head, I quickly start to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.

 night...... night. night, Jesus.... Jesus, in the morning you are my sun light. Jesus, morning you are my starlight. But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight...<eop> Jesus, in the night. night, she is my nightlight.<eop> Oh, Jesus, in the night, she is my nightlight.<eop><eod> Jesus, in the night... night, she is my light. Jesus, at night
-
The big buyers would be treated to a sampling right out of the giant pile.
 Thomas would drag out a “rock” of cocaine from the massive pile and crack it open as if he was cutting a diamond.
 The story of its origin and quality were described as if you were listening to a reading from a science fiction novelist.
 To watch these people hang on every word of his bullshit was sickening to me.
 Their wild eyes and grinding jaws were just the physical part of their bizarre behavior.
 People would hover next to windows, peeking out every few seconds, check the locks on the same doors over and over again as their paranoia increased with every line they snorted.
 There was no deterring Thomas from his occupation, as he believed himself invincible—as all drug dealers do.
 I had watched other old friends get hauled off to jail and I didn’t want the same for my brother.
 One afternoon, I called Thomas and a strange voice picked up the phone.
 I asked for Thomas and the person on the phone said, “He is unavailable right now, but tell me what you want and I will get it ready for you to pick up.” It was obviously a cop, and I knew my brother was probably sitting there in handcuffs while they set up every idiot who called for drugs, then collected them like goldfish as they swam into the net.

 time I was in the car, I knew, there was a guy in the car, was......... The guy in the car was... close to..... The guy in the car, was.. the guy in the car was... this was the first time I knew there was a guy in the car. The guy in the car.... there was..., there was a.....
-
Sometimes the intimacy of living with her was a strain--sleeping and showering under the same roof, shopping for underwear and doing laundry, lazy evenings when he held her close.
 She was beautiful and sexy, and he ached to kiss and caress her and make love to her.
 But he cared about her too much to press her.
 "Marie!"
 he called when he got home that afternoon.
 "I'll be down in a minute!"
 He went to the kitchen and set the pizza on the table.
 As he was filling glasses with ice, she padded into the kitchen.
 "Hi.
 I thought you'd be later."

 . She was coming out of the kitchen. When he looked up, she had a smile coming up on her face and said "Oh,.....". Then he met her in the bathroom and told her to get in the shower. She said "Excuse me for a minute," and he left. She showed him pictures of her, turned on the TV, said "Oh, Marie" again, "Oh,...."
-
Dad had always been there to listen when I got into problems like this.
 He'd known how to deal with the world, how to work with circumstances so that what resulted was beneficial, or at least something I could live with.
 And Cindi.
 If she were still here this would all be a moot point.
 I hadn't ever needed any other friends while she was alive, hadn't ever had to really put myself out there where I could get dragged into the kind of stupid infighting I'd read about for so many years growing up.
 Chapter 9 I couldn't bring myself to speak to Britney the entire way home.
 It didn't really matter; she spent the whole time complaining about a dozen different ways in which everyone around her was making her life miserable.
 She didn't need any kind of response from me.
 I had the house to myself again, so I worked on homework until I was too exhausted to continue.
 It wasn't until I was almost asleep that I realized I was hoping I wouldn't have one of the incredible, vivid dreams tonight.

 didn'....... After I slept like a ghost, I finally woke up. I wanted to go back to sleep......,.......................................... I was.......... But this was not going to work.<eop> Chapter
-
CM:  	We can come back to it.
 BG: 	Well, we can….
 CM: 	Quickly…
 BG:  	I played on one of The Byrds albums, played an upright bass and sang background.
 It’s the, what did they call it?
 Five D album?
 Anyway, that‘s me in the credits, Gary Buddrend.
 CM: 	Quickly, let’s run through some of your contemporaries—just gimme the first thing that comes to your mind.
 BG: 	Word association.
 CM:  	Sort of.

 MG: MG: MG. MG MG: MG MG. MG:... MG MG: Tell me, you do, and you tell me. MG: MG: MG...<eop> MG... MG oh... oh... oh...<eop> MG: Oh... oh oh oh oh...<eop> MG:
-
And we wrote that song next to my mother’s hospital bed.
 Strange.
 It has nothing to do with the surroundings.
 It’s about, you know, having a dream, and building something, only to have it come to naught.
 It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
 I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
 Why I was so happy to work with him.
 And we’ve made plans to work together again.
 He’s coming out here—when was it again, Lor?
 LE: 	June, I think.

 , June, I thought it, I thought it, I think, I’ll make it up, I’ll make it, I’ll tell it, I’ll tell it, I thought, I thought. I wrote that song and then, June, I... I thought......................................
-
My blush deepened slightly as I realized I was wondering what it would feel like to have those arms wrapped around me.
 I jerked my gaze back up to the handsome face just in time to see the expression settle into a genuine smile.
 "I'm so sorry.
 I should have been watching..." He gently cut me off with a gesture.
 "No, please.
 It was entirely my fault.
 I shouldn't have tried to squeeze past you like that."
 The smile was still there.
 That had to be a good sign.
 Usually when people said something nice and didn't mean it their smiles only lasted as long as they were speaking.

 "".."."","..."","...".""", "." There was a slight hesitation out of my voice.<eop> "Yes, please," I said. "You okay?" He held the bag on the other hand.<eop> "Yes," I said. I narrowed my eyes as my eyes slid down to my belt and my purse. "I was watching the guys at the
-
She couldn't possibly be that scared about me putting two and two together if he'd been saying nice things about me.
 He hated me, and she was scared of him, scared of what he'd do if he found out she'd let his secret slip.
 "It's not like that, Adri.
 It's..." I didn't even have to cut her off.
 She couldn't finish her own thought, couldn't come up with a lie that was believable.
 I shook my head and went back to my desk before my invulnerability wore off and she brought on another attack.
 I missed them both so badly.
 Dad had always been there to listen when I got into problems like this.
 He'd known how to deal with the world, how to work with circumstances so that what resulted was beneficial, or at least something I could live with.
 And Cindi.

 .................................... don't just listen to me, baby... don't just come over and tell me what I'm to you. I'm gonna do what I'm doing to you too. It's to......... It's to.....
-
Yet at the same time, we know that cultural factors can also be a barrier to rapid progress.
 Clinging to the external forms and norms of behaviour which distinguish one culture from another generates resistance to progress, whereas the inner content of culture is a powerful engine for collective achievement.
 Customs are the external form of culture, values are the inner content.
 The customs vary widely, but the values are universal.
 The controversy over the relationship between culture and development is complicated by the fact that development both creates and destroys cultural forms and values.
 Every developmental achievement results in an abandonment of old behaviours and attitudes, and the acceptance of new ones.
 Development destroys survival-based, traditional values and creates achievement-oriented, progressive values.
 Over the last two centuries in countries around the world development has strengthened expansive values that encourage greater freedom, tolerance, individual initiative, self-confidence and self-respect, dynamism, risk-taking, efficiency, punctuality, organization, communication and cooperation, open-mindedness and respect for new ideas, innovation and creativity.
 At the same time development has weakened values that support respect for tradition and hierarchy, seniority and authority, self-effacement and humility, patience and perseverance, generosity and self-sacrifice.
 The nineteenth century tolerated values based on the exploitation by people over people through slavery, colonialism and war, and the domination of nature by man.

 , however, the start of the twenty- century has allowed a culture to develop and take on cultural values, and uphold these values. It has been a process of demolishing cultural forms and values; it has allowed the evolution of traditional values and progressive values, and encouraged the development of a culture. However, at the beginning of the twentieth century, development has impeded the evolution of values and the development of the cultures of human beings, cultures and other cultures. The evolution of a cultural form
-
When they held their ground, Jeremiah could bear the sight no more.
 He charged, screaming the cry of one expecting to die.
 He did not get far though, for a sharp burning pain enveloped his wrist.
 His arm jerked back, and the sudden force spun him to his knees.
 As he knelt there, a voice spat down at him.
 “Pitiful.”
 Jeremiah looked up to see another half-orc clad in ragged robes.
 The fire came once more, wrapping around his throat.
 Smoke blurred his vision, the smell of his own charring flesh filled his nose, and he dropped his sword to claw at his neck.
 Flesh burned off his fingers.

 ....... flames burned at his throat.............. he fell unconscious again. He lunged to the sword again, and grabbed it, as though it burned..... the voice shouted at him, and cursed him.... lunged to the ground...... lunged to the ground... the voice cried at Jeremiah.... lunged to the ground.
-
Not even the bond of Ja'tell provides you with that right."
 Brandon's grin was wider even than before.
 "Ah, but those aren't the laws under which we labor now, are they?
 She's mine, and I have every right to do whatever I wish to her.
 Her presence among your pack is a direct affront to my rights and honor.
 I could demand your life, be glad I'm only requiring two of your pack."
 Alec shook his head, face more emotionless than even a second before.
 "By the same laws set down by Adjam and Inock when they first took mates from among the dayborn, I challenge your bond of Ja'tell.
 I challenge your standing among the people, and your personal honor.
 The dispute between us is such as can only be settled by blood."

 """"""""<eop> ""<eop> """"".<eop> """"""""".<eop> """""<eop> """""".<eop> """". """""". """"""<eop> """<eop> """""". """<eop> """""""<eop> "
-
7.Plan for institutional development: An assessment of the type and functioning of existing institutions and economic systems should be compiled to identify missing links that need to be provided to support the transition.
 Based on this study, a master plan should be drawn up for establishing the necessary institutions and systems in each country.
 In order to prepare a cadre of managers for private sector industry and institutions, specialized institutes of management should be set up in each country.
 8.Launch a massive programme to impart new skills and attitudes to the population: In countries where private enterprise was extinguished for decades, entrepreneurial, financial and marketing skills can be extremely limited.
 An analysis should be undertaken of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to a market system, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
 Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
 Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
 9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
 The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.
 The progress of developing countries is impeded by slow growth in the industrialized nations and the collapse of Eastern Europe.

 countries, developing countries and regions are growing rapidly, and often very rapidly. In accordance with a strategy to facilitate the development of a market system, the need to develop a market economy, including the economy, industry, agriculture, energy sector, industry, financial services, trade and industry sector, financial services, trade and industry sector, trade services, and industry.<eop> 10. Reform the economy, transform the national economy, the economic sector, the national economic system and the structure of the country into a
-
Because I am eternal, _said the figure._ I sire war.
 I sow bloodshed.
 I create my dead, and the dead follow.
 What must I do?
 _Qurrah asked._
 You know the words.
 _As the dream began to shatter, the words did indeed come to his mind.
 He could have everything he desired, but to obtain it he must give all he had._
 _My life for you._
 _Those were the words._

 , the death."<eop> ""The life," the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the the death. The life, the life, the death," the life, the death, and the death." "The life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, the life, and the death. _"
-
My legs were wet with blood, arms deadened to the pain and cold.
 I became aware of an unbroken chant, a voice I didn’t recognize, and I turned, stunned again, as I saw Asher.
 He wasn’t in the battle.
 He stood back, seemingly a bystander as the words flowed from his barely moving lips.
 Then he ran.
 Confusion again as Junnie followed after him.
 Chased him.
 Ruby’s whip cracked in front of me and I knew the advance had gotten too far.
 And I was tied to a wall.
 Why hadn’t they killed me already?

 the wall and do it. To do it. And I had to do it to myself, to Ruby, and to everyone, and to do it. I knew. I had to do it. And this was the time to do it. To the wall. To all the magic and fire. To get to the wall. I had to do it. I was tied to the wall, to the wall. I just had to do it, to the wall, to the wall. To the
-
In the most prosperous nations, the deficit is concentrated in high technology and professional sectors, in electronics, biotechnology, health care, pharmacology, mathematics, marketing, financial services, and the like.
 The adoption of new technologies even in traditional occupations has resulted in a growing demand for higher skill levels in these fields as well.
 Unemployment is highest among the least educated, least skilled categories, such as machine operators, fabricators and labourers.
 The poor are poor both because they have no assets and because their time and labour have low or no economic value.
 Poverty persists wherever the human resource is under-valued.
 To eradicate it, there is need for a paradigm shift from unskilled to skilled work.
 While educated unemployment is high in many developing countries, in most cases the quality and relevance of the education to employment opportunities is far from adequate.
 Here too, fully qualified technical and professional workers are in short supply.
 There is even a shortage for educated workers with a high level of general language and communication skills to fill the job opportunities being created for business process outsourcing.
 On an average, 50 per cent of firms surveyed in a cross-section of developing countries report that skill shortages are a serious constraint on their growth.

 of the key service sectors, there are an increasing gap in productivity between the well-trained levels of unskilled technical and professionals in developing countries. In the manufacturing and in the service sector, the gap is highest in the unskilled and high skilled workforce. Similarly, in the technical sector and in the manufacturing sector, there is a gap to the skilled technical and professionals, and, in some cases significantly, to the level of well-qualified, high skilled technical workers. The result is that
-
"Did he treat you properly?"
 "Yes.
 Oh, Mother, I wish you could meet him.
 He's the kindest, most thoughtful man I've ever known."
 "Is he the reason you ended your betrothal?"
 "In a way.
 I didn't have a chance to tell you about the last time I was with Davis.
 You and Father were out, and we came here to listen to the radio.
 He kissed me, which was wonderful at first.
 But then he started kissing me so hard that my teeth cut into my lips, and I tried to push him away, but he wouldn't stop.

 ."..."."... """""" """"...""..""""" """""" """..""""""""" """""""""""""""" """""" """"" """""" """ "
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 _T_ _he swarming sensation of power enveloped him.
 Beneath angry clouds, the man with red eyes beckoned._
 I am waiting, _he said._ All the power of Dezrel is waiting.
 What must I do?
 _Qurrah asked as he crept up the hill toward the dark man as if approaching a god._
 You know the words.
 Can I trust you?
 _The red eyes flared in laughter._ Can you trust anyone?

 " " " " on the ground." " " ".."........... "" " "" " " " " in the sky."....<eop> " " " " in the ground." " " " "" in the sky."
-
I nearly dropped the glass again.
 Twenty seconds later I was headed out the door.
 "How did you do that?
 There was no way you could possibly have timed things that close."
 Another smirk as he held my door open for me.
 "I told you.
 Great instincts resulting from superior breeding."
 "Fine, don't tell me.
 I didn't really want to know anyway."
 Brandon chuckled as he threw the Mustang into reverse and sped out of the lane faster than normal.

 head to the door.<eop> "You did it." "No, I just didn't.... I just didn't...... I... I..." "Oh, Brandon. I didn't.... I just..." Another laugh. "I didn't believe you."<eop> "No.... no..."<eop> "No....
-
Or accidentally say something like ‘I like to dance with Godzilla’?
 Eugene – I only said ‘My name is Godzilla’.
 Liz – And they laughed?
 Eugene – They laughed.
 Jim – Did you use a funny voice?
 Like the one you made that time you caught yourself in your…
 Eugene – I said it in a plain voice.
 And they laughed.
 Liz – Oh, poor Gene.
 Jim – At least they didn’t chase you off the bus, or hurt you.

 was you Eugene Eugene – I Eugene Eugene – I was you Eugene Eugene Eugene, I Eugene Eugene I was you Eugene Eugene Eugene, I was you Eugene Eugene Eugene and........... And.... they were with you and you Eugene – And you were me. Eugene – And they laughed at you and.......
-
Should you or your dominant wish to push things further, I guarantee that your heart will decorate the floor before he can come to your aid."
 Brandon stopped moving as Alec's words carried to him.
 He was probably weighing odds and tabulating the probable cost of the various courses of action available to him.
 Vincent's life was likely a relatively small component in the grand equation.
 Dominic's presence as she stepped around the corner seemed to be the deciding factor.
 Brandon gave us another lazy smile as he stepped slowly backwards to give us more room.
 Alec's tone was still conversational as he shoved Vincent backwards and allowed his hand to return to normal.
 "The harassment of my people stops now."
 "Now why would we do a thing like that when we all know you're a dead man?"
 Dominic stopped just outside of what I was starting to understand was pouncing range for people who happened to have supernatural strength, as Alec gave Brandon a cold smile.

 the words, ".." """ """" "".." "" to get you... " to to you..." " to get you." """ to get you..." """"" """" ""..." """"""" """" """"" """
-
He hadn’t hugged me like that since he was a young child.
 Our son shared a 12 by 12 foot room and one bathroom with 3 people.
 One of his roommates was my age.
 This was no celebrity rehab for sure.
 It did have a nice pool area and a sauna, which they used in a detoxification program designed to rid the body of drugs and residue, Brandon explained.
 The pool area was the highlight of the facility, but the staff was warm and friendly.
 I noticed a bus parked out front, slowly loading with students and staff.
 I asked a staffer where they were going, and was surprised when he told me they were headed to a Catholic church for Easter services.
 I told him I thought this was a Scientology-based program, to which he replied that, while this was a common misconception, they did not favor or push any religion.
 A shame, he stated, as this keeps some people away from a very good rehabilitation center where everyone is allowed to practice whatever religion they wish.

 arrived, there was a small room that was only used for a few. I went into the first room before I left. It was a little dark and small, but it was a room. When I opened the lock on the door, the second room was empty. I asked Brandon to go to the door to enter the ” room” I was not supposed to be inside. I went through the front door, and the back door, and into the other room. It was a very nice
-
Exactly the kind of guy my mom would turn cartwheels over.
 I'd have to make sure they never met.
 I took the opportunity to look a little more closely at the girl.
 Seen from profile, she wasn't quite as pretty as I'd thought originally.
 She wasn't exactly plain-looking, but her features weren't very remarkable.
 She did have incredibly soft-looking wavy brown hair though.
 It looked like debate boy had pretty much finished answering her question.
 I looked back down at my book so I wouldn't get caught staring.
 I was just about to dive back into my text book when someone cleared their throat nearby.
 The tutor was standing at my elbow looking over my assignment.

 going to a a woman, a woman, of a man, of a man, a woman, a man, a woman, a woman..... I was going to a woman, a woman........ I was going to go to a woman, a woman, a woman, of the woman, of a man....... I was going to be a woman of the man, and the man was a woman....
-
“I think it's because I didn't wake up to be in a never-ending forest.
 Plus, last night Jason got so sick of arguing with me he just gave up.
 I think I won.” “Great,” I said half-heartedly.
 “That's only because I was too tired to keep arguing with you,” Jason said and he sat down next to Seth.
 “If it was morning, it would have been different.” Emily sighed and shook her finger.
 “Excuses.” “Listen guys,” Seth said, “I have something to tell you.” He looked at me and I nodded.
 Emily twirled her hair.
 “Hm?
 What is it Seth?” “I've been hiding this from you for a long time,” Seth began.
 “Only Jazell knew what it was because she found out that I was hiding something, and demanded to know what it was.

 ....................” Emily nodded and said to him, “....” Seth looked at her, “.... “I knew what I was. I found out what I was hiding. What was it?” I said to Seth, “I knew....... I knew I was hiding something. “..............
-
Two weeks ago my life had revolved around my inability to think of certain things without collapsing.
 That hadn't changed, but now there was a distinct possibility Jasmin was going to hurt me just to ensure I stayed silent.
 Oh, and I was actually considering opening myself up for some very nasty ridicule, just on the infinitesimally slim chance a boy who was so popular, rich, and gorgeous that he shouldn't even know my name might be interested in me.
 Life was supposed to get better as you got older, but it was starting to look like it just got more complicated.
 Just before I looked back down at the shiny aluminum of my now-naked can, Brandon looked up and caught my eye.
 The smile on his face seemed to say all kinds of things.
 I'm sorry I can't come over and talk.
 They all really depend on me.
 This whole thing with Jasmin is really crazy; we've got to figure out how best to handle it.
 Maybe it really said all of those things, or maybe I was completely deluded, but it was definitely a smile.

 to come back to the can and help me. I'll come back to the can again.<eop> It's okay, I'm not going to be able to put a couple things in the can. I'm not going to talk. This isn't okay, I don't want to know the whole story. I can't, I won't be going to do anything, and I can't talk to my parents. I don't am going to
-
I can't let you expose yourself to the kinds of things Vincent or Brandon would...it's out of the question."
 Mom had always gone on and on about how nurturing I was.
 When she was less happy with me, she tended to focus more on just how stubborn I could be.
 It wasn't always obvious what would set off a bout of 'stiff neck' as she referred to it, but the only people who'd ever successfully talked me into a 'reasonable, rational' response had been Dad and Cindi.
 I could feel that same core of iron making its presence known right now.
 I wasn't going to be deprived of however much time I had left with him.
 I wasn't going to be losing this argument.
 "Alec, I need to be there with you tonight.
 If you leave me here, I'll head out on my own and look for you."
 The shake was definitely there, and getting more pronounced.

 a tinge of pain. "Baby, I don't want to..." I'm going to leave him. "If I don't 'have to leave' you..." Mom was right. "You have to turn me on. Don't you going to go downstairs?" I got up, aware of the fact that I wouldn't be able to go up the stairs.<eop> "No. I don
-
I closed my eyes to relax, settle into the snake as I had the bird.
 My knees buckled as I released too much and I had to back off, giving myself just enough to control it.
 As it entered the wound, the tracker gasped and my smile stretched wickedly.
 I wormed my way blindly up his leg, intent on getting the information I needed.
 They’re getting closer.
 They’ve found us a third time now.
 They’ll kill us.
 I wanted to free my mind, free my bonds.
 They won’t take me.
 Something about that last thought didn’t seem right, like it wasn’t mine, but I couldn’t follow it.

 I don’t want to stop.... I can’t. I’m with the animal and I don’t know how to stop it. I want to stop it. I don’t want to let it die. I go back to the bird and I still can’t stop.... they’ll find us...... they’ll kill...<eop> Finally, I settled into the snake. I was able to relax and focus
-
A couple of half-hearted cheers broke out towards the front of the class, but they were short-lived.
 Andrew wasn't in the class, and his friends were probably spending almost as much time thinking about their odds of still winning, as I was.
 I only had three chances left, three in two hundred assuming that everyone else in the school had entered the drawing, which was virtually guaranteed.
 "And the third lucky person is Suzanne Bergerman."
 And my chances were down to two, with even worse odds than I'd had a second before.
 My hands hurt, only when I looked down to see why, it was because my fingernails were digging into my palms.
 The blood was pounding so furiously in my ears that I couldn't hear the next name read.
 I could tell it wasn't mine though because nobody turned back to congratulate me.
 There was only one name left to be read, and I knew that it wasn't going to be mine.
 I'd never been that lucky in my entire life.

 me as I looked up. 'He's going to be her. 'Oh, she's going to be his.' And it was the name I was going to be."<eop> "I won't be him. I'll be her name. I'll win. I'll be her. That's not going to be my chance. I'm going to win. I'm not going to be her. I'm going to
-
International drug trafficking has declined by more than 80 per cent since the signing of the UN declaration granting the UN special powers to eradicate the drugs trade.
 An accelerated schedule for dismantling trade barriers and the formation of regional economic unions, such as the Middle East Economic Area that incorporates Israel and the Arab states, and other initiatives to promote larger bilateral trade between countries and regions, have helped to more than double the growth rate in world trade.
 With the assistance of the UN's World Development Force, proposed in this report, food shortages have been eliminated from the last famine danger zones in Africa, and total food production on that continent has doubled within a decade.
 Poverty is its direct forms has been eradicated in China and India by strategies that have led to the creation of hundreds of millions of new jobs.
 Rapid economic growth in developing countries has acted as a powerful engine for vigorous expansion among the industrialized nations.
 In partial fulfilment of their common commitment to generate Full Employment Economies, the member states of the OECD have announced that unemployment in industrialized countries has dropped to the lowest level in half a century.
 Most of the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia have achieved a significant measure of political and economic stability combined with unexpectedly high growth rates ranging from 5 to 10 per cent.
 This region has emerged as an important source of trade and economic growth for the industrial nations.
 Global expenditure on education and training as a percentage of GDP has doubled during the decade.
 One remarkable result has been the complete eradication of illiteracy and universal enrolment in primary education.

 model has resulted in increasing employment in nearly all industrial countries. It is also the result that primary education reform achieved the highest rate in East Asia, Eastern Europe, and Central Asia.<eop> After 25 years of economic development and 25 years of rapid growth, sustainable growth has become the focus of the imperative to accelerate economic growth. Global economic growth in developing countries is now the fastest in over 20 years. Reporting to the end of these 20 years, economic growth rates have grown by 8 to 10 percent.
-
He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
 His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.
 If we were dead, which was my best guess, why not poke fun at him?
 Seth smiled at me.
 “Well, yes but you have green hair.
 It’s bright green, like neon green.” I shoved my hair in front of my face.
 It was bright green all right.
 I stood up and examined myself.
 I was wearing light brown hunting boots and tight black pants made out of some sort of light cloth.
 A thick woven jacket was shielding me from the October cold.

 the edge of the woods at a distance. I was walking in ice and snow. I was taking a look out at the trees. I got out of my boots and my boots and shorts. I got my pants and legs. I got my legs out of my pants and out of my boots and shorts. I was looking out at the snow and the puddles and the ice and the trees. I looked back out of my boots and shorts. I tried to get my hands out
-
I'd seen him several times before, but didn't have a name to go with his aristocratic features.
 "That's enough, Vincent."
 A trace of rebelliousness flared up at Brandon's chastisement, but Vincent buried it so quickly I almost didn't have enough time to classify it before it disappeared.
 Interestingly enough, I could see Cassie out of the corner of my eye, and she didn't look any happier than Vincent.
 The rest of lunch flew by.
 I'd never realized how much fun it could be to belong to a group.
 Things weren't ideal; I'd never met a group with so many inside jokes.
 Half the time I felt like there was an entire conversation being carried on over my head, but sitting next to Brandon left me with such a tingly feeling all along my right side that I didn't really mind.
 Not even the presence of a pop quiz in History managed to faze me.
 Almost before I knew it I was sitting down in Physics.

 ..... I was the first 'chemistry class', a class I'd never met before, the first time I read a textbook, a 'chemistry class', the first I'd met anyone in a classroom, a... I was a kid in a classroom...., a... a... a... a girl, a boy, a... a....
-
Eugene – Yeah, I guess I did.
 Jim – What happened?
 Eugene – I don’t want to talk about it.
 Liz – Why not?
 Jim – This’ll be good.
 Didn’t it go as well as you thought it would?
 Eugene – No.
 Liz – What happened?
 You didn’t find any tourists did you.
 Eugene – I found them, a whole bus full of them.

 – Jim – Jim – Yeah, Jim – Jim – Yeah, Jim. Liz – I, I – Jim, Jim, Jim – Jim, Jim – Jim – Jim, Jim – Jim – Jim, Jim – Jim, Jim, Jim, I, Jim, I really thought it was a disaster. Jim – Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim – No, I’m not talking about that
-
The half-orc coiled the whip around his arm and pulled out a scrap of bone from a pouch.
 It was time to test the spells his master had taught him.
 An elderly man came around the corner, a torch his only weapon.
 He glared at Qurrah with unabashed hatred.
 “ _Weakness_ ,” the necromancer hissed in the wispy tongue of magic.
 The old man dropped his torch and wobbled on his legs.
 His elderly arms, already shriveled, shrunk even more.
 Skin tightened against his frame, and in seconds it was if the man had become a living skeleton decorated with flesh, hair, and clothes.
 The man took a staggered step forward, still determined to fight Qurrah even as his arms struggled to bear their own weight.
 He let out a moan of unintelligible loathing.

 to look at him, he gripped the whip and strangled the bone off.<eop> The man dropped his torch and lunged with his hand, aiming his spear at the old man. As the necromancer turned his back to him, the old man was still determined to fight him... still willing to die in front of him... in weakness...... weakness. He shivered at the sight of him.<eop> The man was
-
Jim – But it is a passing grade.
 Liz – Why did you even bother to take the class if you weren’t going to attempt to try and do well in it?
 Jim – Well, I needed four more credits to be considered full time, and Mayan art fit into my schedule pretty well, so I took it.
 Liz – Did you learn anything at least?
 Jim – Yeah, I don’t really like Mayan art.
 Liz – That’s all?
 Jim – It’s also difficult to sleep on those hard desks.
 Liz – You’re never going to graduate.
 Jim – Sure I am, this spring.
 Liz – You finally talked to your councilor?

 Jim – Jim – And did you do okay when you decided to take the class? Jim – Jim – Jim – Oh, and Jim – “Oh, yeah, I did okay. Jim – Jim – Oh, Jim – So I was not very bad, but it was okay. Jim – I’m fine, Jim. Jim – Oh, Jim – But it’s okay. I hope you’re fine.” Liz
-
With each generation, they strengthened the line, even bringing in new breeds from other lands to add to the list of desired attributes.
 Smoother gait, better endurance, stronger health, longer life.
 I faded off somewhere during the part about bloodlines.
 I woke late in the evening when Ruby switched places with Steed.
 She had brought some meat back with her and we supped together before I headed off to bed.
 Ruby didn’t question why I would be sleeping again so soon.
 She was busy being excited about her upcoming trip.
 I didn’t share her enthusiasm, so I retired to my room and read more of the journal.
 There were many sad passages after the passing of the writer’s mother, though their bond didn’t seem traditional.
 It seemed more… formal.

 . I wanted to read more of the journal, some of the pages on the back and the pages on the side of it. Some of the back and the pages on the front. I just wanted to get to the end of the last page. I wanted to get right to the end of the last page of the journal. I wanted to finish.<eop> I woke up. I didn’t want to go out to the bathroom... I was going to have to go to bed.
-
Despite all the power I granted him, he failed.
 He tried to destroy the Council of Mages, but they destroyed him instead.” Velixar gave a greedy look at Qurrah.
 “He was but a starving boy when I found him.
 I gave him a name and lent him my power.
 It is how I have survived all these centuries.
 I do not risk my own life, choosing instead to give my power to others.
 I am the hilt, and my apprentice is the blade.
 But you…”
 Again that greedy look.
 “You are extraordinary.

 ar, you are, he is the blade, but I am the sword. You are all I need for you to become extraordinary.” Qurrah gave a greedy look. “You are, I am the blade.... the sword, but not... It is a sword, it is a sword.... but not... It is a blade, but it is not... It is a sword, but it is.... it is the
-
I said, “Hey, my grandfather was half American Indian,” and he hired me on the spot.
 I have never used my heritage in any way since that day.
 It felt wrong to me that because of my ancestry I could be hired, but I needed a job and this one paid well.
 I worked the 3:00 pm to midnight shift bagging groceries and stocking shelves.
 The money was good and it helped me provide for myself.
 I purchased a 1967 Chevelle SS for $1,000 and I spent a lot of time and money trying to make it faster than the next.
 Hot Rods were as popular in the 70’s as I remembered them in the days of Bob’s Big Boy Drive Ins.
 I adored working on this Chevelle and meeting others who enjoyed the same passion.
 Even though I lived on my own, I was still a kid and I knew no better than to live like one.
 I found myself associated with a group at school referred to by some as “hot-rodders” and by others as “burnouts.” The hot-rodders loved and raced every kind of American muscle car you could imagine, and this was what drew me to them.

 that I was the biggest guy in the world, that I was a hero, that I wanted to be...................... I also wanted to be like the other half of them. If they were like the hot--rodders, they wanted to be a muscle guy, and they wanted to race these cars in the same style, this is also what drew me to them. As long as I
-
The elven brothers tumbled through and vanished.
 Felewen leapt back when she saw the attack coming.
 She rolled behind a house and tucked her head.
 The wave continued down the street, straight for Aurelia.
 “I do not fear you,” she hissed through clenched teeth.
 A wall of water swirled about her, flowing from the otherwise dry dirt street.
 She sent it forward, just as tall and high as Velixar’s.
 The two met in a thunderous roar, intermixing in a maelstrom of darkness, water, and air.
 Then they both dissolved, their magic spent.
 Aurelia held back tears.

 ..... it made it very hard to breathe. She placed one hand on a rod, and tossed it at the....... the rod, fire, and the fire.<eop> It................ touched her, and surrounded her. Adressed her eyes.... it touched her hands........ her hands.<eop> She
-
A full two seconds of silence passed before I realized he'd asked me why I'd come downstairs.
 "I can't sleep.
 I've been trying, but I'm too wound up to do anything but just lie there.
 I thought I'd come downstairs and talk to you instead.
 I mean, unless it's bothering you.
 You know, keeping you from patrolling or something."
 That last bit hadn't really been planned.
 I'd wanted to come downstairs and talk to him, but wouldn't have dreamt of just saying it outright.
 Maybe it was the natural high I got simply from being around him.
 Alec's smile was brief, but it felt like the first one I'd seen since he'd been forced to save me.

 ," I said. "I don't know what to do."<eop> "What?"<eop> ***<eop> "I don't. I'm just telling you what I think, but..."<eop> Alec cocked his head. "I'm a member of the...<eop> "<eop> He looked at me. " "What?"<eop> "What do you do?"<eop> "You don'
-
It’s about, you know, having a dream, and building something, only to have it come to naught.
 It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
 I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
 Why I was so happy to work with him.
 And we’ve made plans to work together again.
 He’s coming out here—when was it again, Lor?
 LE: 	June, I think.
 His wife called just a couple days ago.
 BG:  	Larry’s into something or other.
 But, he promised he’d be here.

 LE: BG: I didn’t say it, but, I called and told him that I would like the idea of songwriting again. But, I told Larry I’d be there.<eop> LE: June, well, I had no else to say.. . LE: Yeah. BG: When I see you again,.... LE: I don’t know....
-
She shouldn't be kissing other men.
 But it was getting harder to remember that.
 Rick filled both her days and her thoughts.
 Marie wanted to go to the shore again the next weekend, but Rick's memories of his burn the previous weekend hadn't faded as fast as the burn.
 "Suppose I teach you to drive instead?"
 he suggested as they drove home Friday night after dinner and a movie.
 "Drive?
 Your automobile?"
 "Sure.
 Would you like that?"

 "", ", "", """<eop> "",,,,," she said and said. "",,," """ he said. "",, ""I'll teach you to drive."<eop> " Marie wanted to drive," she said. """ I want to go to the shore," she """ "
-
The two grew quiet, and they stared at the fire as the time passed.
 At last, when Harruq was sure Qurrah would not bring up the subject, he spoke.
 “About the guards,” he said.
 “You think they’re telling the truth?”
 Qurrah glanced up.
 “About the elven blood in us?”
 “Yeah.”
 Qurrah chuckled, but it was mirthless.
 “I do, and it does not surprise me as much as it should.
 I’m not sure who would mate with our mother, but some elf man did.

 ............. a..............” He pointed in front of the fire. At first, Qurrah said nothing. “What about the blood of us?” “.........................’......’.............
-
Things were going along just fine until he pissed off Alec's mother.
 The city condemned the building and refused to change the zoning laws so he could get another place.
 When he really pushed the issue, his house mysteriously caught on fire."
 My mouth was hanging open, but Britney seemed to think it was disbelief rather than amazement.
 "I'm serious, Adriana, and I'm not letting you take my family down with you.
 Find your own way home."
 Chapter 6 There was no reason for Britney's actions to come as any kind of surprise, it was exactly in keeping with her character.
 Even if she didn't believe a word of what she'd just told me, I really was on my way to becoming a social pariah, and her whole existence centered around becoming more popular.
 Even so, knowing I was officially stranded at school with no way home felt very much like the end of the world.
 We still didn't have a phone, and probably wouldn't for weeks to come, even assuming we somehow managed to keep our home through the end of the week.

 a huge part of me, and I'm sure it was inevitable, I was used to it, and I had family. But it's what I need in my life. I'm a girl, and a boy, and I still stay at school, and it's what I need to be. I'm strong. I need to be a good girl.<eop> "No Adriana, if I can't stand you staying in the house, I'll go
-
I wasn't going to get to go to Les Misérables, but he was rich enough to fly to New York and book the whole theater.
 As Mrs. Alexander stood up to take roll, a burst of static silenced us all.
 "It's my pleasure to read off the names of the five winners in our drawing for tickets to Les Misérables."
 "The first winner is Pam White."
 Somewhere down the hall I heard someone yell, and then an entire class broke out into cheers.
 I knew I should be happy for Pam, but I was too busy wishing everyone would quiet down so we could hear the next name.
 Mrs. Alexander shut the door, muting the roar as Principal Gossil continued with a slight rustle of papers.
 "Also winning a ticket to Les Misérables next weekend, Mr. Andrew Webbs."
 A couple of half-hearted cheers broke out towards the front of the class, but they were short-lived.
 Andrew wasn't in the class, and his friends were probably spending almost as much time thinking about their odds of still winning, as I was.

 , Andrew." "Mr. Andrew Webbs, Pam, and then everyone else in the class is starting to think about their odds of winning a ticket to Mr. Alexander next weekend." I picked a few of the names in the drawing from the other end of the hall. "Mrs. Andrew Webbs." "Also winning a ticket to the theatres next week, Mr. Mr. Webbs." "Mr. Andrew White." "
-
The price was ten dollars, and Marie talked the owner down to six dollars.
 "I did it!"
 she exclaimed, taking her baja from the bag.
 "You did a good job."
 "This is fun.
 Why don't we get you one of these?"
 After buying Rick a baja, they bought a multi-colored blanket and a leather purse.
 Marie loved bargaining, but the only other thing she saw that she wanted was a little glass carousel that she managed to get from ten dollars down to five.
 "Can't we eat here somewhere, Rick?
 I'd like to try the food."

 ..."""....""........"""".....""""......"""........"""........."""..........""""....""".....""...."""
-
Jim – Dad, its Gene…
 Art – A stupid question on my part.
 More precisely then, what does he have in mind?
 Jim – He didn’t say.
 And he wasn’t in the mood to be pressed.
 So be on the lookout for Gene, he seems to have been a little preoccupied with whatever he needs to talk with you about.
 Art – He wasn’t in trouble was he?
 Jim – I don’t think so, he didn’t seem to excited, just anxious to talk to you.
 Art – Ah well, I guess I’ll find out soon enough.
 Back to the business at hand, your brother Johnny.

 is your brother Johnny? Johnny.... Johnny – Johnny...... Johnny..... Johnny – I guess I’m going to see what’s up...... am I.... am I..... Johnny........ Johnny – Johnny – Johnny – I am I............
-
Alec studied me for a moment longer, and then nodded, a short, choppy motion with little if any of his usual grace.
 "Very well then.
 It's just after ten o'clock.
 Your mom is about to pull into the driveway.
 Do your best to convince her you spent the night safely at home.
 We'll stay here and watch over the two of you.
 Also, if you can convince her it's safe to leave on an extended trip, that would be very helpful.
 Once she's gone, I'll come back for you."
 I opened my mouth to ask him what he meant, only to be distracted by the sound of the Jeep's engine as it rolled to a stop on the cement pad.
 As I looked back, Alec's eyes captured me.

 You can take the front of me, then, I am your own man," I said, and after that, he continued, "I don't have to, though. If you want to take the kid out of the Jeep, then, I am you. If you really don't want to take it to all the other men, then you are not the other man. If you want to take the kid out in front of me, then, I am your man.
-
Most people say they don't have a choice rather flippantly, but he seemed rather more like he had his back against the wall than I expected.
 "You know, I presume, that there was some confusion regarding the tourism project she bid out for the city?
 Well, I've managed to get to the bottom of the situation and it appears we did indeed award the contract to her."
 The news seemed too good to be true.
 "You mean she's got the job?"
 "Technically it isn't an employment offer.
 It's more in the way of a consulting project, but yes, she'll be in a sense working for the city.
 I've asked my staff to make sure that the confusion is cleared up with the bank as well so you shouldn't be in any kind of danger of losing your house anymore."
 I almost clapped for joy, only there was something off about it all.
 Since when did the mayor personally come to deliver a piece of relatively insignificant news?

 "Well, are you going deliver the news to me? Well, I should say a thank you to the mayor himself."<eop> He shook his head sadly. "Are you sure you going to help me with the details of that?" I asked. "No." He stifled a laugh, but he did it. "Of course not."<eop> He shook his head. "You going to ask about the financial condition of the city as well?"
-
Jim – Dad spent a lot of time at work.
 There were some weeks when he was working 60 hours or more.
 He always claimed that he was trying to support the family, but after the shop became more and more successful he was making some damn good money.
 He even hired a few other workers to help with the work-load.
 Liz – Dad always thought that he was just a hard worker and a ‘good Christian man’.
 How about you?
 How did you survive your mom?
 Jim – A good friend of mine, you may know him, saved me.
 Liz – oh?
 Who?

 Jim – I was in high school, and Liz – Liz, Jim – Jim....,.......... Liz –, me, me, I wanted to be in the house of God, and died.<eop> Liz – Liz,........ Jim, Jim, Liz..
-
I can set everything up if you want."
 It seemed impossible that she'd be so insensitive to my situation.
 I opened my mouth to tell her off, and then realized she wasn't privy to everything happening in my head.
 My world felt like it was disintegrating around me, and hers continued on as normal.
 It should have been depressing, but somehow I found it so ludicrous I giggled.
 The laugh had a definite edge of hysteria to it, but it still felt good.
 "Rachel, my life doesn't work like that.
 Even if I could afford a trip like that, my mom would never let me go.
 She's only an absentee parent when I need her."
 Rachel's soft blue eyes got really wide as she recoiled slightly.

 . "" "" " I'm..." """ "" "" I'm sorry for her."" "" I'm sorry." """ " " """ "" I'm sorry."" """ I'm..." ""'m sorry." "No, no I'm sorry.""
-
Job growth has been quite rapid in the developing countries over the last forty years, more than doubling total employment.
 The single most important factor behind rising numbers of unemployed persons and increasing absolute numbers of families below the poverty line in developing countries has been the 2.4-fold expansion of population in the Third World, and more than doubling of the economically active population since 1950, which have resulted in a 4 per cent decline in the overall employment rate.
 Population growth rates continue to fall steadily in most countries, with the exception of Africa, providing an opportu nity for economic growth and job growth to catch up with the population explosion of recent decades.
 Along with rapid quantitative job growth, the global economy has achieved dramatic qualitative gains in the nature of employment.
 During recent decades, there has also been a marked movement away from subsistence level manual occupations, primarily in agriculture, to more skilled and remunerative forms of employment.
 Worldwide, the percentage of the work force engaged in agriculture has fallen by 24 per cent since 1950, from 67 to 51 per cent.
 Unemployment is of growing concern today primarily because population has expanded in recent decades even faster than job creation and because a larger percentage of the population, principally women, seek employment now than at any time in the past.
 The shortages of jobs and the resulting poverty represent the most pressing social problem in the world today.
 But viewed in historical perspective, it is clear that substantial progress has been made during the post-war period, making humanity as a whole more prosperous than at any previous period in recorded history.
 Over the past five decades, global GDP has multiplied seven-fold.

 of all incomes has tripled. The labor productivity of the labor force expanded seven-fold. The labor productivity has doubled since 1950 in the developed world, mainly because of the expansion of population and the growth in the number of workers, the size of the labour force, the private sector, etc. The labor force has expanded by a 6.5 percent since 1950 due to the growth rates in the labor productivity of the world economy. The total labor productivity of the world economy has increased more than
-
Our group wasn’t exactly small or quiet, so I was sure we’d scared most of the larger animals off.
 I wondered if I could figure out a way to locate them without seeing where they were first.
 I thought of the wolves.
 If I had an animal trained, I could call it to me to use at my leisure.
 I had no idea where they were now.
 Besides, the thought of entering those massive, vicious-looking animals made me uneasy.
 Maybe I could get in on the hunt tonight, find something away from the clatter of rocks under horse hooves.
 At the lack of options, I closed my eyes again to fall into Steed’s horse.
 It felt similar to my own, though I could tell he had more power, more confidence.
 I pulled back and experimented with each of the other horses.

 took the lead, he seemed stronger than I knew it. I could control a horse that I couldn’t control. Again, I tried to open up and experience the animal. While Steed was a bit a bit of a horse, he was a bit of a wild horse. I wanted to experience that. As I wandered through the horses..................... What a feeling. I
-
A soft white rabbit loped in front of the bushes I’d posted for a doorway.
 My stomach was interested, but I’d never prepared meat.
 I’d only ever gathered berries and vegetables that someone else had grown.
 I didn’t have the first idea how to make a bow, let alone shoot one, and I’d never killed anything.
 Except plants.
 And a bird.
 But I had no idea if an animal killed by magic was edible.
 I thought of the thistle, its black roots, how it had turned to ash.
 The rabbit sniffed at the air in my direction and continued on its way, answering the matter for me.
 I was sitting in a hole, utterly alone, and it was beginning to get dark.

 I put my foot down, I shook it, I shook, shook, shook, I shook it, I shook it, it shook, I shook it up and I shook it up, I shook it up and shook it up to the ceiling. Yes, yes it was a rat, many rats. It bbled, it babbled. It pranced, it shuffled, it barked, it snarled, it whined, it screamed, it shook the walls
-
I dropped into a chair, my head falling into my hands to cover my face.
 Ruby started to say something, but Chevelle cut her off.
 “Won’t you offer your guest breakfast?” She sniffed.
 “Lunch maybe.” A plate of food landed on the table in front of me with a slap.
 “Thank you,” I managed.
 I was hungry, despite the embarrassment.
 I grabbed the plate and started eating.
 Ruby and Steed were sitting across from me.
 She was reclined, her bare legs showing where the material of her skirt was pulled to the side.
 When I looked up, she resituated herself, leaning toward Steed and talking low about some nonsense.

 on my head, and she turned her back toward the kitchen. As I finished the food, and the plate was sitting on the table front of me, she looked up. I was eating, and went to take a seat. She looked at me. “Oh........ Oh, God.....” I said, laying my head on the rim of the chair, and my hands down to cover my face. “Oh....”
-
With regret he put his own wishes aside.
 "Is that the bigger pair?
 If not, let's get some bigger ones."
 "No--these are the small ones.
 I'll go try the others."
 They bought the bigger pair and two shirts, and Marie wore the jeans and the red and navy shirt from the store.
 "Thank you for the clothes, Rick," she said, smiling up at him.
 "You're welcome.
 Do you like them?"
 "Very much."

 """""", "..""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""", """"""""""""""", """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
Qurrah left his brother to rest.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Grab my wrist,” Qurrah said as the dark cloud arrived that night.
 Harruq did so, and together they stepped inside.
 He felt an unseen hand grab his chest, and then they were running blind.
 The minutes crawled, their frantic breathing the only audible sound.
 Qurrah lagged further and further behind, unable to keep the pace.
 Harruq tightened his grip on his wrist and pulled him along.
 The terrain sloped beneath them as they climbed a hill.

 ... on and on......... on and on....... on..... on and on, on on, on.. on and on, on, on and, on, on and, on and on. They climbed a hill with each other. They made their way to the bottom and started back up.<eop>
-
"You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.
 Still am."
 He offered his employer a slight smile.
 "You and I have discussed this before, but never officially.
 I would like to do so now.
 Marie and I have been seeing each other for nearly eight months now, sir--" "Davis, my boy, no need to be so formal.
 I know your intentions.
 I even helped design them."
 He chuckled at his own joke.

 "....".""".""."""."".""".".""".""","".""".""","...""" """.""".","""."."""."""""."".".""."."."."""""
-
Did it happen to you before?
 Jim – Not to me particularly.
 Art – What does that mean?
 Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
 Art – Who and when?
 Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.
 Art – I remember that.
 I’m glad he finally grew out of it.
 Though he chose an odd thing to move on to.
 Jim – Odd to an outsider, perfectly understandable to someone who really knows him.

 – I can still remember how much Gene gave it to me to prove that he was me. But Art – I did it to to him. I I did it to him. Art – I did it to to him. I did it to him. I did it to him. Art. I did it to Art. I did it to. It was it to Art.<eop> I did it to. It. It to. Art. I did it.<eop> It to Art
-
My dad bought it for me, I think at Guitar and Drum City, which used to be on Summer Avenue in Memphis.
 I was, I don’t know, seven, eight..
 I didn’t take any lessons or anything—I’m not sure my folks could have afforded them.
 But, when I picked up that little stringed toy, really, it was as if I knew it already, as if I’d been there before, in a dream, in a previous incarnation, Lor might say.
 Lorelei Enos:	 	Your soul, your old soul.
 BG:  	Right.
 It taught me to play, whatever came to me from the ozone of the past.
 I think the first thing I picked out on it was “Feelin’ Alright.”  Can that be right, timewise?
 I don’t know.
 Maybe it was “Baby Let’s Play House.”  I remember doing “Baby Let’s Play House” at school, on the blacktop playground of Idlewild Elementary, for Mike and Mark and little Patty Grabenhorst, on whom I had the worst kind of crush.

 , that I remember playing with it, when I was a kid. I was a kid.... I was a kid. I was... in a kid... I was young. I was a kid.... I was young, and I was young... I was a kid. I was young. I was young. I was young. I was in a kid. I mean, I was a kid.<eop> I was young. I was in
-
I want to keep trying this--walking in the garden in the mornings.
 But .
 .
 ."
 She glanced up at him.
 He looked up when she didn't finish.
 "But what?"
 "I-I need a place to stay until I get back."
 He smiled.
 "I think I can stand having you around for a while."

 ", ", "", "" ", """, """, """, " "", " "", ""., "", " """, "", ", "", "", "," ", ", "", "", "", "...
-
The sense of terror racing along my synapses was completely irrational, and extraordinarily powerful.
 Just as the room began to spin crazily around me, I felt a gentle touch on my shoulder.
 "Mistress Paige, is there anything I can get you?
 Something to eat perhaps?
 Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
 I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
 Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
 Probably a pool and a gym too.
 Along with a half-dozen other amenities I'd never think of, but that the ultra-rich simply couldn't do without.
 I pulled my erratic, pointless thoughts back into a compact, nearly sensible ball, and shook my head as I did my best to give him a genuine smile.

 Hello,"<eop> "Hello,"<eop> "Hi," Alec.<eop> ".... I'm Paige, happy to see you."<eop> "I.. I...... when you look at the moon, I know you're looking at the stars," "I..<eop> I.....<eop>.
-
She’s prone to fits of screaming or crying.
 The emotion frightens the elders.
 It comes from her father, yes, but I can’t see how it will harm her.
 The humans seemed to live their lives fine, controlling it well enough.
 ~ I received a visit from my mother’s sister today.
 News of the child had reached her and she felt she needed to call on me, now that my mother was not here to guide me.
 I was in my room when she arrived.
 I heard the two quick raps and then one loud knock from her visits during my childhood and instantly knew it was her.
 “Aunt Junnie!” I gushed as she came in.
 She wore a simple hooded cloak, seemingly unafraid as she passed the guards at my door.

 , Mama, Mama,” I panted.<eop> I had a hot cup of tea and then went back to my room again. As the woman approached me, I asked her she wanted to come to me and she handed her bag to me.<eop> " Jun, Mama, Jun, Jun,” I eyed and the woman asked her to open the door. She gestured for me to come back with her. ~ When I opened the door, I began to feel the presence of my father
-
"Please don't let on that you know.
 I wasn't supposed to say anything.
 I just couldn't let you go after her."
 The immediate crisis past, I could have lost myself looking at his features, but a slow smile suddenly reminded me of the only other person I knew that could pack so much pain in such a simple gesture.
 "What about Rachel, Alec?
 Where is she?"
 I hadn't thought his expression could become anymore bittersweet.
 I was wrong.
 "Rachel doesn't have anyone either, but she's still suffering from a deeper hurt.
 She's with my mother."

 . "No..."<eop> "I don't..."<eop> "No."<eop> "I"... "..."<eop> "I just think you're going to leave me."<eop> "I"...<eop> "No you're not going...no you're not going."<eop> "No way," I choked out, looking away.<eop> "I
-
Your dad was the same way.
 Always going on and on about some crisis or another, but nothing ever really materialized."
 Alec's mom was tiny.
 It was easy to see where Rachel got her slight frame from, but there was more than just genetics at work.
 I'd never seen someone with so little extra flesh on their bones, at least not outside a hospital.
 It seemed she should be wearing a hospital gown instead of the white, flower-print summer dress I was almost sure cost more than my whole wardrobe.
 "We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
 I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.
 She'll be staying with us for the next few weeks."
 I got a distracted smile.

 tell you, "... we're leaving?"<eop> "Well, I'd like to see?" I asked Rachel."<eop> "". "<eop> " " ".. "<eop> "No."<eop> "" ".."<eop> ".."<eop> "No." She had a small frame, but wasn't quite the size of a "
-
He held his hand out, signaling me to wait.
 Then he beckoned me and I stood up.
 Then someone tapped me on the shoulder.
 I bit back a scream and whipped out my knife.
 But I dropped it in surprise as I spotted Emily standing over me, rocking back and forth on her heels.
 I squealed and hugged her tight.
 Jason was limping over with a grim expression on his face.
 “What I don’t get a hug too?” he asked.
 “I jumped down a deep hole for you.” “Uh…” I said, feeling awkward.
 Seth walked over and patted Jason on his back.

 , why don’t you...” I said....I turned to him, and he kissed me on the forehead, gently. I wished I had a relationship with him. I walked over to the door and he knocked, turned to me, and I walked out of the house. He and Seth was standing in the driveway, and I stood up and... “Hey..” I asked. Seth and I set out in the morning, dressed in my usual
-
Speaking of art, when did you want to do my nude portrait?
 Liz – How about this weekend some time?
 Jim – Sounds good to me.
 What do you want me to wear?
 Liz – We’ll figure that out later.
 I’m working on a new technique.
 Jim – What sort of technique?
 Liz – Dark painting.
 Jim – Is that the one that involves using all sorts of dark colors?
 Liz – No, it involves painting in a dark room.

 Liz – No, no, I’m not that kind of dark painting. Jim – I wasn’t even that kind of dark painting that involves using dark paint in a dark room that involves dark paint in a dark room. Jim – What is that kind of painting? Liz – Is that the dark one? I know I don’t want to paint that kind of dark room. Jim – I don’t know. I think I’m not the kind
-
But it had been easy for me, much easier than fire even.
 I drew my cloak tighter around my shoulders and yawned as I considered my horse.
 I’d had so much trouble learning to control him, trying to push him from the outside.
 Falling back from the group only enough not to gain notice, I tried to settle into his mind as I had the snake and the hawk.
 I closed my eyes, trusting him to avoid running into anything, though a low limb was the more likely problem.
 It was more difficult and… different.
 I was there though, leading him and seeing what he saw.
 It felt odd, uncomfortable, not like the hawk.
 The feeling reminded me of something and I drew back, opening my eyes to focus on remembering.
 The small gray bird on the lip of the library window.

 ......... The snake... the small gray bird on the lip... the snake..... the small gray bird on the lip.... the hawk.... the small gray bird on the lip of the window.......... the snake and the hawk walking out the door to the library... the snake.... the small bird walking on the lip of the
-
And yesterday when you kissed my back.
 No one else has ever made me feel like this.
 How can it be that your kissing my back makes my heart pound harder than Davis' kissing my lips?"
 "Because you love me."
 He would have loved to answer all her questions, but he knew she'd be embarrassed.
 She shook her head, still unable to understand how having her finger in his mouth could make her entire body throb and burn.
 Needing to push the feeling away, she rose and started to clear the table.
 "Don't."
 Rick took the dishes from her.
 "We're not going to spend our last hours together doing dishes."

 "... " " Rick started to clear the table. " "'"... " " " "" " " " " " " " " " " " " "" " "I love you Rick. And I know you love me. " "" " " " "You love me." "
-
Something to eat perhaps?
 Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
 I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
 Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
 Probably a pool and a gym too.
 Along with a half-dozen other amenities I'd never think of, but that the ultra-rich simply couldn't do without.
 I pulled my erratic, pointless thoughts back into a compact, nearly sensible ball, and shook my head as I did my best to give him a genuine smile.
 "No thanks.
 I probably won't be hungry for several hours still.
 Is there a library in the house perhaps?"

 to his face as I nodded my head. "I want it, I want the library...."I'm not having it in the library. But I'm not living in the library. I live in the house. If I want to have it at the library, I can have it in the house. If I live in the library...then what's the point? I want it at the library? Why? I can have it...
-
“A healing sigil is why wizards live so long.
 It is considered by most to be the moral choice instead of the Immortalists’ answer for long life.” “What about you Doi’van?” Rodregas asked.
 “Imeralda says that you are almost as powerful as me as a magician.
 If we found a way, would you like to take on some of the power of the sigils?” he asked.
 Rodregas had expected an immediate response, but instead his question was followed by a long pause before Doi’van answered.
 Rodregas had learned that Doi’van thought before speaking.
 “I am not sure.
 I like learning magic, though I am just beginning.
 I would think that I would take on a minor sigil or two.
 I am a great warrior, but I like to learn new things and I would like to have sufficient magic to be able to learn spells.” Rodregas nodded.

 asked when Doi’van finished what he was asking.<eop> “Roregas says,” “There is the first step, the first and the second...the third and the second...and the third. The third is why I enjoy learning magic... the healing sgil, the healing sgils, wizards, the healing sigil, the magics, poisons, the sgils.....”<eop> “I
-
.
 ."
 She stared at the garage door as it slowly rose.
 "Who's lifting the door?"
 "Nobody.
 It's electric."
 He opened the car door for her.
 She eyed the interior cautiously.
 "Don't you have to crank it up?"
 she asked when he got in without doing so.

 """""..." "".""""."""".."""" """""""" the ""..."""""""" " """ the ""..."""" """""" She did not need to go through the garage door to open the car """"""""
-
When it became his turn, Rodregas stood there silently.
 The knight, an older man with a short gray beard, who was missing his left hand, waved him forward.
 The Knight Captain slowly looked up at the tall figure before him and after a quick examination went to the oddly mismatched pair that stood at each shoulder.
 “You are a squire who wishes to register for the tournament?” asked the Knight Captain.
 While the Knight had probably asked this to a lot of people that day, his tone suggested real curiosity.
 Rodregas grunted acknowledgment and dropped his hand with the Patch of his Knightly Chapter in it.
 The Knight Captain picked it up and studied the detailed patterns woven into the fabric.
 “Chapter and heredity?” the Knight asked.
 “Saurrien was my mentor, Quirren was his mentor, and Bitress was his, Chapter of the Silver Mace,” Rodregas answered.
 The Knight nodded, the answer matched the pattern on the patch.

 looked up at the Knight. “A....?” “Yes,” the Knight Captain asked. “A..?” “....?” “A.......," the knight said. The Knight Captain put his hand on the patch and nodded. “A.." the Knight said. “A.... “Yes, and a member?” he asked. “A..”<eop> “A..?” the Knight asked. “
-
The room erupted when the action was good and the fights were a scrappy version of actual boxing.
 The fight was over when you surrendered or you were knocked out.
 I fought many times and I do not remember ever losing.
 As I said, I had grown up facing a much tougher opponent than anyone in the room.
 I was rarely injured because I had learned to protect myself from the powerful blows of my stepfather and I knew how to look for an opening and drop my opponent.
 By this time I was close to six feet tall and about 175 pounds.
 I was in great shape and I had endured physical punishment as training.
 Drag racing wasn’t easy on a car, and since we were constantly racing, constantly striving to make the Chevelle faster, inevitably something was always broken.
 Hitchhiking to and from work became a regular event, and I often got rides from the same people every afternoon.
 Frequently I ended up walking home at midnight.

 ... there was a big... there was a big....... there was just a big......... there was a big... there was a big.... there was a big... was a big... was the big..... there was a big. There was a big.... there was a big..... there was a big...
-
But if you can stop and turn, take a few more shots.
 If they again turn and charge, you run and don’t stop running.
 Forget the horses; you will be much harder to track without them.” He was about to ask Imeralda how long until they would arrive, when Rodregas started to hear noises from up the road.
 The party carrying the captives had arrived.
 Rodregas held a finger to his lips and waved Imeralda deeper into the trees.
 With any luck she would be safe; it was hard to catch a Forest Nymph who was trying not to be found in the trees.
 Doi’van stepped partly out of the shrubs and got behind a tree to give him cover against return fire.
 There was a good-size tree not far in front of the two of them.
 Rodregas put his back to it and drew his two short swords and then did the most difficult thing he could do in this situation.
 He looked at Doi’van and not at the caravan.

 turned and went up to the caravan itself. They were there to get the captives. Doi’van walked to the front of the caravan, and a bit away from the caravan, because what they wanted from the caravan was to find the captives.<eop> “I am not going to talk to them. I think I’m going to see them. I think they’ve got them behind me. I don’t see them. I don’t look at the caravan. I
-
That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”
 “What?”
 Harruq grew redder.
 “An elf!”
 “What’s wrong with that?”
 Harruq viciously plucked blades of grass.
 “I don’t know.”
 Aurelia stared at Harruq for a while, her eyes probing.
 The half-orc endured the gaze, concentrating fully on his grass-removing project.
 “I would feel better having met your brother,” she said at last.

 ..............., a.... there is a.............., a elf placed in the center of the middle of the forest, and a..........................................
-
She held a box of pizza.
 “You two can eat upstairs or down here.” She already knew our answer and handed us paper plates.
 I took three slices of pizza and ran upstairs.
 Emily and I sat on the floor, eating pizza and doodling nonsense in her notebook.
 The time ticked by to one o’clock in the morning.
 We sat side by side on her bed near the window, and I played with the fridge on the edge of one of her pillows.
 I looked down at Emily’s pajamas, which were covered in sun-tanning penguins.
 Typical Emily.
 “Nice PJs Emily.” I chuckled.
 She stuck her tongue out, “What do you have against sun-tanning penguins?” “Nothing!” I smiled to myself.

 to put my hand in front of her, and I took her hand.<eop> I sat her down on the floor, and I took her hand and I kissed her. I walked out the door to the kitchen, and kissed her. I walked out of the kitchen.<eop> Emily and I sat down and walked out of her bedroom, and I went back into the bedroom. I sat Emily on the edge of her bed, near the window. I took her belongings to her pajamas.
-
Her staff shot spun back and forth to parry thrust after thrust.
 Harruq pressed his attack, shifting on one foot so that his next two attacks came slashing downward for her thigh and ankle.
 The staff blocked one but the other banged against her calf.
 “One to two,” Harruq said.
 He double thrust, offering the elf no reprieve.
 She jabbed her staff upward, pushing the two attacks high and giving her room underneath.
 Ducking forward, she tried to strike the half-orc’s leg.
 She badly underestimated Harruq’s new speed though, and one blade looped around to block the attack.
 The other went straight down, the edge smashing hard against the top of Aurelia’s skull.
 While it did not draw blood, the jolt of it knocked the elf to one knee and gave her a dull ache in her head.

 up her swords, drew one of her blades and swung forward. It missed the stab and sent it to the stricken back of her head. But as she started to draw her other swords, the pain filled her again. She swung her sword upward, pushing it back against the skull, her knee arching and bending back with the pain. She drew the sword back from her sheath and started to cross her legs. She was now on her feet. Harruq was close to her
-
“Send on their souls,” he said, “but leave the bodies for me.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq stormed through the village, roaring for any to stand and fight.
 “We’re coming for you,” he shouted, his voice like the growl of a dog.
 “You are weak!
 Weak!”
 The cry of a child sent him bashing through the door of a small home.
 Inside, a girl huddled beside her much younger sister.
 They were wrapped in blankets.

 the door. He saw a little boy, crying and crying and screaming in the corner of a room... a crying, a crying, and a screaming..... a crying... a crying, crying, a crying, a crying, a crying, a crying, crying, and a crying.... He closed the door... "The crying... They are screaming..."... He rushed into the room...
-
"I left my money at home.
 I'm not much of a shopper anyways."
 That last part sounded pretty weak even to me.
 "Don't be silly.
 Alec hustled you out of your house so quickly you didn't get to bring anything but the clothes on your back.
 Jasmin's clothes will fit you pretty well, but that's only a short-term solution.
 We need to get you stuff to wear, and since it was Alec who created this mess, it's only fair he be the one to pay."
 I was absolutely sure there was no way I was ever going to fit into anything Jasmin owned, but girls being girls, there was no point in protesting.
 Regardless of the truth, Rachel would be obliged to say I was just as skinny as Jasmin.
 "I don't think Alec exactly got me into all of this.

 "" """ "" " "" """ "" "" "" "" " """ " "" """ """ "" "" " "" "... ...." But I didn't have half the time to believe Rachel's lies.<eop> "..
-
Richard was to watch the kids, including my two boys and his boy and girl from a subsequent marriage, one night.
 They were all in about the same nine to twelve age range.
 My wife and I wanted to have a dinner alone and Richard didn’t seem to mind.
 When we returned from dinner we discovered that he drove all of the children in his car while he drank Vodka straight from a bottle.
 Once back at the beach house, he was drunk and he verbally abused my children to the point of terror, I was done.
 I will never see him again.
 I believe being a “Father” and a “sperm donor” are not at all one in the same.
 The years of my early fatherhood brought more lessons and experiences than I can share.
 We learned how to raise an eight year old when Brandon turned eight.
 We learned again how to raise an eight year old when Bryce turned eight.

 ....................................................................................................
-
Whatever the reason, it felt like I'd spent all night on the edge of one of the incredible, vivid dreams.
 I kept catching glimpses of the characteristic soft glow out of the corner of my eye, but hadn't ever actually slipped into a full-blown dream.
 It'd left me feeling very unsatisfied.
 I rolled over and pulled the note out from its hiding place in my dresser.
 I had the words memorized already; the symbol was what I wanted now.
 The note was proof of the existence of our benefactor, but the sigil on the bottom of the page was a clue to his identity.
 It was incredibly intricate and completely different than anything I'd ever seen.
 Once again I traced the sharp edges and smooth swirls with my eyes, marveling at the way it hinted at further complexity lurking just out of sight.
 With a sigh of resignation I hid the note once again and pulled myself out of bed.
 Convinced as I was that Brandon was our benefactor, I no longer felt any qualms about trusting him to come pick me up.

 no doubt that he wouldn't........ I was waiting for him to come pick me up, thank me, and pick me up.... By the time I was getting out of bed, I realized that Brandon was gone.......... Brandon was gone...........<eop> It wasn't just a dream, it was just something I was supposed to do to pull myself out of
-
She watched, helpless, as Rick continued to suck on her finger, his tongue caressing it.
 He raised his eyes to hers as he freed her finger.
 "Better?"
 She felt paralyzed.
 How could his sucking her finger make her feel the same way his kisses did?
 She caught her breath when he raised her hand again to lick the sauce from her thumb.
 "Rick," she moaned at last, tugging her hand free.
 "This is one thing I have to talk to my mother about."
 "What?"
 "How your touch makes me feel."

 ." "What." """" Using her free hand, he sucked on her finger. """"""""""""" """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" """"" """" "Better??" She watched as Rick continued his sucking on her finger
-
Ha ha.
 No wait, stop that.
 Jeeze.
 Ouch.
 Damnit!
 You cheat!
 Johnny – You loose again.
 Jim – Gene’s right, this controller is screwed up.
 Eugene – See!
 Johnny – What do you mean screwed up?

 ’,’, ‘’’,’,, ‘‘’’’, ‘’’,’,’, ‘’’,’,,...,,–,,,,,,,,ssssssssss,...,,,,,,,–––,,,,...,,,––-,,,,,,,,––,,,..
-
Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.
 Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
 Jim – Very.
 Liz – Why?
 Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.
 Liz – Are you sure you don’t want help?
 Jim – I think the fewer people around the better.
 Liz – Ok.
 When are you going to break the news?

 the news? Jim – Jim – Jim Jim Jim Jim – Jim – Jim Jim Jim – Jim – Jim – Where is breaking the news? Where are you going to break the news? Jim – ‘mmm’? Jim – Where are you are going to break the news? Jim – Jim Jim Jim – ‘mm’ – ‘mmm’ are you going to break it? Jim – Jim Jim – Jim
-
He smiled at Jefferson.
 "Your father and I were going to discuss business this morning, but--" "But I think it's much more important for Davis to take you shopping.
 Go ahead, young man--we can put business off for a few hours."
 Marie hung onto Davis' arm as they walked out to his automobile.
 "Thank you for taking me.
 I haven't seen you since Tuesday!"
 "And you've missed me?"
 "Terribly."
 Her heart flipped over as he kissed her hand.
 He drove her to Boston’s finest dress shop, sitting down to smoke and read the newspaper as she tried on clothes.

 .. """""""""""""""""""""""""""", She was going to have a good coffee shop. """""."""""""""""""...""""""... She planned to go shopping, but-"""""... She stopped in at the coffee shop...
-
It would…I dunno, it would let me move on, help me to move on I guess.
 Please.
 Art – We’ll see what we can do, guess we should let the rest of the family know, I wish I knew how John was going to take it, probably not well.
 Eugene – (Hugs art)Thank-you Art.
 Art – No problem Gene.
 Just a couple things I would like you to do though.
 Eugene – What do you need?
 I’ll do what I can.
 As long as I don’t have to deal with Jerry.
 Art – Nothing of the sort, these are pretty simple.

 – I need to.... "... ".. ",........ "... " s.. ".. ",.... ",..... ",... ".
-
How ever you find Love doesn’t matter, because happiness comes with it.
 You don’t need faith in God to find either.
 Ned – What a sad life you live, I hope you one day overcome your confusion, and you finally see the light.
 I will pray for your soul.
 God bless you.
 Art – You’re a lunatic aren’t you?
 I never really would have guessed until that last comment of yours.
 I know a lot of religious people and most of them are fairly accepting of other people’s beliefs.
 They usually don’t try to scare people into line.
 Well anyways go ahead and pray, I doubt that it will do much good, but whatever, have fun with praying for my soul and so forth.

 you know, and if you try, that won’t do........... Art – I hope you continue to pray for your soul and so forth.<eop> Ned – I will continue to pray for my daughter, I will pray for my son’s soul. Art. Ned – I will pray for my daughter, I will pray for my son. God bless me.... Art – Prayer is the answer. If I need
-
Johnny – Uh-huh
 Eugene – Just remember when its all over that it’s just a game, don’t get suicidal or anything.
 I mean I was kind of hungry, but now that we’ve eaten I don’t have anything to distract me from handing out the beat-down.
 Johnny – Will do.
 Eugene – Its going to be bad for you, maybe we shouldn’t play it’ll save you a lot pain.
 Johnny – I think I can handle it.
 Eugene – Are you sure?
 It’s going to really hurt!
 I have some great moves that I didn’t use before.
 Johnny – You ready?

 Johnny – I m I m I want it. Eugene – I am. Eugene – I want you to do it. Johnny – Yeah – Eugene, can I help you? I mean I think it’ll be good. Johnny – Ok I m I m I m I I m I m I  m I I m I I m I m I I m m I I m I
-
And she’d died in 1941.
 So young!
 She’d been only 37.
 Wondering what she’d died of, he turned the page and found more information about her.
 "Jefferson Tranton handpicked Davis Runyon, heir to the Runyon publishing empire, as a husband for his daughter.
 Chandler Runyon had sold the business when his son was 19 years old so that, in actuality, Davis Runyon was heir only to the family fortune and to the power of wealth, not to the power of position.
 Eager for such, he courted both the young woman and her father.
 Tranton and his son had had a falling out when the younger Tranton had begun his own company in 1925, and because he had disinherited his son, Tranton began grooming Runyon to run his company as well as to become his son-in-law.
 In February 1927 Runyon became vice president of the import/export enterprise, and seven months later he married Tranton's daughter.
 "The marriage was apparently an unhappy one.

 " Tranton's daughter was a beautiful, but young woman, and as the father of a child, he thought the son was certain that he was destined to be a husband and father of one. He then ran the business with his wife and daughter for four years, and in January 1928, his son was 18 years old and he ran the business in three years. When he was only 19, he finally sold him the fortune and his daughter and died in the business in 1941.<eop><eod>
-
Rachel blushed a little.
 "I really haven't read it.
 Maybe because I'm worried that it won't turn out to be what I think it will be.
 What about you?"
 I shouldn't have been surprised by the question, but I was.
 Possibly because I'd spent too much time around people like Britney who were so caught up in their own lives that they didn't really care about what was happening in mine.
 "Les Misérables.
 The music from the musical is so inspiring that I know the book must be truly wonderful."
 I let the statement hang in the air for a couple of seconds, and then finished up with the truth.
 "Of course I don't really know, because it's so big, and parts of it are so boring, that I may never manage to get through the whole thing."

 ...." "..." "............. "........" "............ "............ "............"<eop><eod> I "....... "....
-
"You need to see the nurse."
 My mind hiccupped for a second.
 There should be some kind of law requiring him to hide those things.
 Sunglasses, or maybe a blindfold.
 "I'm fine.
 That wasn't anything; it didn't mean anything.
 Please put me down."
 I tried to put the right amounts of sincerity and confidence in my words, but I wasn't a very good liar.
 Something changed though because Alec slowed his ground-eating stride.
 "What do you mean you're fine?

 ..." "No" I said. ".". "You're fine." """""..."""""", """, """", ""I didn't mean anything." """"...", "I didn't mean anything." "..." """""", """
-
BG: 	Well, Reverend King getting shot in Memphis.
 CM: 	That was before Woodstock.
 BG:  	I know, I know.
 I’m not making a timeline here, man, I’m riffing on what went wrong, trying to tell you what it felt like.
 There we were on the world stage suddenly.
 And Memphis became the face of deadly racism.
 It was all too much.
 It was blowing my mind, I admit it.
 I was feeling wrung out.
 I had written “Blues for Sandra Leathers,” “Open Channel D,” “Young Avenue Blues,”  “The Sins of Monk Cassava,” “Chin-Chin in Eden,”  “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling,” ” “Take me for Granted, Please,” “Surfing the Big Muddy,” “If it Wasn’t Televised, It didn’t Happen,” “The Rules for Hide and Seek,” “Picnic in Overton Park,” you know?

 , I was really happy. I mean, I mean it. I mean. It was really the first time I was able to live in the United States. It was the first time living in the city of Memphis, in the United States. It was the first time I got to live in this country. That was it.<eop> CM: I was happy for a time. That was when I started to pursue my music, my career. And I was out and out in the world.
-
And they had no idea what had happened to her.
 "I love you, sweetheart."
 She smiled, his words bringing her out of her reverie.
 Yesterday he'd told her he loved her more times than he had the previous four or five days combined.
 And that was saying a lot.
 He hated having to go to work this morning.
 What if, now that he was trying so hard not to think about anything in 1927, his mind wandered to it?
 He knew he wouldn't be able to bear it if he went home and found that she had disappeared.
 After nearly four hours of trying to concentrate on his work, he gave up and told his secretary that he wasn't feeling well and was going home.
 On his way there, a shop window caught his eye, and he slammed on his brakes, causing the driver behind him to lean on his horn.

 , turned around and looked through the shop window, smiling, " ',,,'," she said. "'' you love me, sweetheart."<eop> He smiled, ",,,,". Before going home, he walked to the shop, opened the door, and opened it. "I love you,,,,,,,,,,,". She smiled. He gave her back a small smile and told her to
-
Look if you don’t want to help…
 Jim – Hey I’m trying.
 It’s harder than it looks.
 Eugene – You could concentrate on the task at hand.
 How do you ever get your homework done if you can’t concentrate?
 You’re going to be a janitor forever.
 Jim – If you’re going to be an asshole about it…
 Eugene – Touchy, touchy.
 God I was just kidding.
 Look I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend.

 you know, if you can’t and you don’t want to do the work... I really don’t think you care... Eugene – Don’t you... Jim – Well, I wasn’t sure how badly I wanted to offend you. Eugene – Oh, that’s touchy. You’re an asshole if you want to offend me..... Eugene – “It’s a little
-
“There is one, and it is you, Qurrah,” Velixar said.
 He pulled out one item more before closing the chest and shrinking it back to its original size.
 In his hand remained a long black whip that curled about as if alive.
 “Weapons may not be your preference, but I trust you will find some use for this.”
 As both brothers watched, the whip burst into flame.
 Velixar cracked it once to the grass, instantly charring the green earth into ash.
 “Why?” Qurrah asked.
 “Magic is not your greatest weapon, my disciple.
 Fear and pain are, and this whip is capable of producing both.”
 The fire died as the whip wound itself around Velixar’s arm like a snake.

 to the arm, it slowly dropped the whip to the ground. When the whip was completely dry, he cracked it into the grass again. The snake snapped back into the grass again. The whip snapped again. The snake snapped again. After a few seconds, the snake swung up from the ground and into the grass. It snapped again like a snake, into the grass again.<eop> After another several minutes, the snake snapped back to the grass.” Finally, the snake appeared in the grass.
-
It requires relearning something that is almost an instinct at this point in your life.
 Part of the problem is that the spell to activate the magic in the bow is just very different than anything you have probably done before.” Rodregas knew she was speaking the truth.
 He had never thought he was going to be some powerful mage.
 The fact that Doi’van had so easily learned the spell just reminded him of how many times in his life he had failed to have the ability to succeed in things that he really wanted.
 Rodregas’ new body was very gifted, but it was still mortal and some things he would just not be able to do as well as others.
 In some ways this was reassuring, a connection to his past.
 “Can I ask you a question?” she asked.
 Rodregas smiled and said, “of course, what?” “Have you thought of trying to become a sigil warrior?
 You are a very powerful magician now.
 You could probably take one or even two of the greater sigils and still have more power than you had before, and as a warrior the enhancement from the sigil would make you an even more powerful fighter.” Rodregas nodded, “I have thought about it.

 , “Well, what are you doing that with. Well...” Rodregas nodded. “Why are you thinking of it?” she asked.<eop> “Yes, I am..., I do. So, what about you?”, she asked. “Of course, I love you, I mean, I love that you have learned a magic and you could try to become a warrior.<eop> So, what can tell you about Doi’van that you want to know
-
Seen from a wider perspective and traced patiently along the course of its myriad consequences, the introduction of new technology acts as a catalyst that generates a positive ripple effect which, on average, results in the creation of many more jobs – more skilled, more productive and higher-wage jobs – than it destroys.
 The rising productivity made possible by technology reduces production costs and thereby lowers the price of products and services to customers and consumers.
 The lower prices result in increased demand, greater consumption, higher levels of production and even greater cost reductions due to economies of scale.
 This represents only the first cycle of job creation.
 While jobs are being eliminated in low-skilled manual or assembly operations, simultaneously they are being created in industries that manufacture and service the more sophisticated machines, as well as in Research and Development (R &D) laboratories that develop the new machines, materials and manufacturing processes.
 The workers who operate the improved machines require higher levels of skill, which demands more education and training, thus creating demand for jobs in the service sector.
 The more productive and higher-paid industrial workers utilize their enhanced purchasing power to buy more goods and services than before – spending more on travel, consumer goods, housing, leisure, health and the education of offspring, and thus creating demand for more jobs in other industries.
 Rising incomes generate higher standards and expectations, bringing changes in lifestyle that create new needs and new commercial activities.
 This process has led to enormous growth in new jobs.
 The best documented example of this process is the automotive industry.

 is only the combination of the production and sales of employment, it can also be the production of employment and new jobs. The increase of employment in the production and sales of employment, employment in product and service production, and the growth in the levels of production, the higher levels of production, and levels of employment in the service sector, creates the corresponding increase in levels of employment. It is the combination of the growth in the production of goods and services, and the increased level of employment, in the
-
She didn't respond, pulling away from him to carry the glasses to the table.
 With a sigh he took plates from the cabinet.
 Marie put two wontons on her plate.
 "Did I ever tell you about my wedding gown?"
 "Your mother’s?"
 "Yes.
 It's beautiful.
 It's covered with lace and pearls, and it has a 15-foot train.
 But the important thing is that it was my grandmother's.
 She wore it, and then my mother wore it.

 I wore it for her, Marie, I wore it for her, I wore it her, I wore it, I wore it, I wore it for my mother, my only mother. """ the dresses, the dresses, and the the gowns, and the dresses, """" the gowns, and the dresses, and the gowns, the dresses, the gowns, the dresses, """, and the gowns," ""
-
My head started spinning almost instantly, only my hand on his chest, and his arms around my waist kept me from losing my balance completely.
 As it was, I still fell into him, overcome by weakness as my heart stopped beating altogether.
 No more than a second or two of breathlessness could have possibly passed, but Alec pulled away, firmly holding me at arm's length.
 "You need to get some sleep.
 Regardless of how the fight turns out, you'll need to be well-rested."
 My best longing look didn't seem to be having any effect on him, so I finally nodded and relaxed back onto the bed.
 "I guess I did promise to behave myself.
 I don't think I'll be able to sleep, but if you'll tell me another story I'll at least try..." Apparently satisfied by my promise, Alec joined me on the bed and pulled me close.
 I was still chilled enough from being outside for the warmth of his arms to feel good.
 "Adjam and Inock found that the dayborn had lost all knowledge of their loving mother, and that they reacted poorly to Inock's plague form.

 , on the morning of her arrival, the mother, the mother, the mother, the dayborn, and they began to tremble... mother, mother and the dayborn... mother, mother and the dayborn. The mother, the mother..." He pulled me out of my trance, and opened my eyes. "Breathe, sweet baby." I slowly squeezed my eyes closed due to the cold, but the light. "I'll try.
-
He was pretty much crazy.
 Johnny – And we’re related to him.
 Jim – Yes we are.
 Course it didn’t make him all that happy.
 That and he hated dad from the beginning because dad isn’t a religious person, and that dad had the audacity to question anything grandpa said.
 They didn’t get along at all.
 It’s amazing that mom and dad actually got married.
 He spent years trying to talk mom into out of dating dad, and finally he all but disowned her when they got married.
 Johnny – That’s news to me.
 Jim - They didn’t talk about it all that much.

 - Well I don’t really know you dad. I - You don’t know your dad. That’s news to me. You know. Jim - - You don’t really need to know your dad’s name......... - I don’t know your dad. I - I don’tts know. I - I don’ttss know you dad. I’m not going to
-
“That where you two live?”
 “Yes.”
 “Fine,” the leader said.
 “Go and get whatever the abyss you can carry.”
 Harruq climbed into the shed, throwing Qurrah a worried look before he did.
 When he came out holding his sheathed swords to his chest, the guards tensed, readying their weapons.
 “Drop those right now,” they ordered him.
 Harruq clutched them tight, and the look on his face was clear.
 He would fight, and die, before he gave them up.
 The lead guard, already having their coin as well as the bonus of having found elves in hiding, was willing to let it slide.

 , then threw the swords away, and took Harruq. She put him on his shoulder, arms around him, looked up at him, pushed him to his knees and grabbed his hands. "Take me, Har....." the leader shouted to the others. Qurrah shook his head, shook back his head, and then threw him back onto his feet........<eop> Picking up sheathed swords, Qurrah brought them to
-
Gloom, as they called it at home, in the usually sunny village where I would spend my eternity.
 I wondered where I would be kept as a captive, if there would be windows, if I was unfit for public view.
 Chevelle picked up speed after we passed through the more difficult part of the trail and then we rode fast the rest of the day.
 I struggled to keep up.
 I was sure I knew the cause of his hurry.
 He’d decided he wanted to get this journey over with, end it and return me to the council for punishment, to be done with me.
 We rode long into the evening, well past sunset, and I began to wonder if he would stop at all.
 I was contemplating possible ways to sleep on a horse when he finally stopped.
 We were riding through a small pass, the moonlight barely lighting our way, and Chevelle’s horse disappeared.
 My head swiveled, searching for any sign of them, and then my own horse turned beneath an overhang and stopped in a cavern so dark I hadn’t seen it until we were there.

 few seconds, Chevelle disappeared through a crack in the rock and we headed out on the other far side of the cave. We were at a far end of the cave and then he pulled up the trail again and I went out of the saddle. We rode out into the back of the cave and then out of the front of the cave and out into a clearing at the top of the mountain range. We rode up into the trees, as we do in the firs, and the
-
James' blue and white Accord passed us doing the better part of twice the legal speed limit, and then flipped around with the distinctive squeal of overworked tires.
 Alec veered up onto the road as I looked back to find that even as fast as he was running, the Accord was still gaining on us at a prodigious rate.
 As the car pulled even with us, Alec smoothly reached over, pulled the passenger door open, pried me off of his back, and slid me into the front seat without losing even a single step.
 If everything had happened at something approaching normal speed, I probably would've started hyperventilating, but it was all so quick my mind didn't have a chance to fully register what was going on before I was safely ensconced next to James.
 Jasmin and Isaac appeared alongside the road, materializing where there'd only been trees a half-second before.
 Faster than I would have believed possible, all three of the shape shifters piled into the moving car, and then James stomped on the gas hard enough to break triple digits before slowing slightly for the first turn.
 The mirror on my side of the car was perfectly positioned for me to be able to see three or four flashes of tawny brown sliding through the trees before the winding road carried us out of sight.
 Alec nodded as I looked back and met his eyes.
 "They were pretty close.
 There weren't that many of them, but they could've decided to push the issue regardless."

 as I slowed down, the front of me began to disappear, and then as I drew closer, and closer and closer to the vehicle, James shoved me right back into it. I opened the door and turned around to look at James and the Accord. It was almost impossible to see what everyone was looking at, including the two men, the other woman, and the driver. When I turned my back to the car, I could see all that lay ahead down the road....<eop>
-
I heard Mom's equipment bags hit the floor one after another.
 The sound of her tromping up the stairs finally roused me from my state of shock.
 "I'm in my room, Mom."
 Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."
 I forced a chuckle.
 "Please, Mom.
 Where else would I be?
 Saturdays are one of my only two chances all week to actually sleep in.

 """""""...""""""."."""".".."....".."..."..""" "".""."""""""""."."""..""""".""".""."""""",...""""""""
-
He slid his two swords out from their sheaths, stunned by the ease in which he moved them.
 It was if they went from being made of steel to air.
 He tossed them aside.
 Velixar pulled from within his cloak a chest the size of a small stone.
 He placed it on the grass where it shone gold in the light of the stars.
 As the two brothers watched, he whispered a few words of magic, enlarging the chest to normal size.
 “Over the centuries, I have gathered many items to aid those who would swear their lives to me,” Velixar said.
 The locks clicked open, the lid raised, and then he reached inside and pulled out two swords sheathed in gleaming obsidian.
 “These swords were once wielded by Aerland Shen.
 He led the elves that aided Karak in the great war against Ashhur.

 them to be one of the most important of his line of work,” he opened them.<eop> When he opened them, he realized that he would find a large amount of books and papers in the far corner of the room. They had all the books and papers with them. He took the other door to the room, and found the one that sat next to the door. Velixar opened it, and then everyone turned to him. He brought his two swords out and cursed with them.
-
I was hesitant to face him.
 I lay there, running back through the events of the night, the stories.
 Embarrassment flooded me again and I turned my head to bury it in the blankets, but something strange on the side table caught my attention.
 I picked it up to examine.
 A small bird, carved of stone.
 A hawk.
 Of onyx.
 I knew at once it was what Chevelle had been working on, carving.
 And then I recognized the stone, the large black stone that had pummeled my face for days, and I couldn’t help but snicker.
 I remembered the tiny hawk he had made with magic and my disappointment when it had turned back to the dull gray rock.

 .. it was, then, the hawk, at first and then the hawk,... and then the bird, the hawk, the bird... the hawk,, hawk, hawk... the...,... the hawk, the bird.... and the hawk.... the hawk... the bird... the
-
She was even darker than she'd been yesterday when she'd tried on the dress, and the contrast the dress made with her hair and skin was striking.
 "I can see where you two have been," Teri said when they arrived at her townhouse.
 "Yeah.
 Doesn't Marie's tan look great?"
 "Yeah--I wish I tanned that prettily."
 As she'd promised when she'd invited them, Teri had made a Chinese meal.
 "House rules: you have to spend at least 15 minutes using chopsticks," she told them as they sat down to dinner.
 "After that, you can have a fork if you want."
 Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.

 as she walked to the door, she used her fingers to read """", and """", and """", """","""", """"", and """." She went to open the door to the bathroom, and she heard it knock, and she got up to go to the bathroom. When the door opened and she went into the shower room, she used the
-
He guessed that the Hellborn was afraid to speak, even in a whisper.
 His voice was like granite breaking and traveled.
 “So you risk your life to save strangers?” the female squire asked.
 Her voice actually sounded curious.
 Rodregas said, “Yes, we do.
 You seem like an honorable squire, would you also like a minor Sigil of Healing?” He thought she was going to laugh at his question at first, but then she simply whispered, “That simple?” “Almost.” Rodregas said.
 “Promise to say nothing about this, and also promise that you will use your sigil wisely and that if you have a chance to help us you will do so.” “You are creating your own little Shadow Order?” she asked.
 She was referring to stories of secrete orders of knighthood that lived in the ‘shadows.’ Rodregas started to say no but then thought the idea actually had some advantages, “Welcome to the Order of…,” he paused.
 He almost said “The Celestial Lions.” But while he might be filled with the essence of a Celestial animal, he stood with a being of elemental power and one of infernal power.
 “The Lion,” he simply finished.

 ...”<eop> “Welcome to the Shadow Order.” She said. “I am the Shadow of....”<eop> One of the men was a small statue in the dark on the path to the base of the Deep Shadows. He crouched down and looked at the statue. It simply said, "You are? In the shadows of..., just a small statue. I was standing here, in the shadows of....” He hesitated. “
-
But it didn’t stop the hostile stare I was sending his way.
 Ruby stepped in front of him.
 “I’ll stay with her.” He didn’t reply; he merely turned from her to walk into the haze.
 I was still fuming when she faced me, wearing a self-satisfied smile.
 She practically danced forward to plop down in front of me.
 “I have something for you, Frey.” I simply stared at her.
 She was harder to stay mad at.
 I expected her to be a pain—it wasn’t as difficult to accept she’d kept the truth from me.
 She extracted a small package from beneath her cloak and passed it to me.
 I pulled the material aside and saw the V etched into the cover.

 ...........”<eop> I open the package. “......................... I opened the package with the same V inscribed on the other side. “................. I walked up to the door. “Wait. What?” He shook his head at me.<eop> “That was your
-
"Yes.
 But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
 Her mother had enough to think about now.
 She'd better wait a few days before telling her about how Rick's kisses had made her feel.
 "I'm a virgin, Mother.
 But I love Rick with all my heart."
 Mrs. Tranton swallowed, twisting her hands.
 "Will you be going back to him?"
 Marie's eyes filled with tears.
 "No.

 """"""." """""""""" """""""""""", and Mrs. """""".", Mrs. """"""", Mrs. """"", """", """"""", """""""." """"""".
-
I convinced them to raid the castle, gave them direction.
 And then I returned.
 I knew I would have time to prepare.
 They would be slow to gather and make the journey.
 I was thinking of Noble as I resolved to wear the dress meant for our wedding, with its dramatic shape and deep meaning.
 I remembered when he’d given it to me, explaining the white stood for innocence.
 I had stifled a giggle then.
 I could find no humor now.
 Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.

 ............ of the bride........ of the groom............................................. to the bride......................... to
-
The elf’s face exploded.
 Qurrah fell over onto his side, breathing as slowly as he could through the blood that filled his throat.
 The dead body of the elf crumpled in front of him, all of his hate-filled features gone from his face except for a single eye.
 The half-orc stared, wondering if his brother was truly dead.
 Darkness crept at the corner of his sight.
 His strength was fading fast, and he had little doubt that if he passed out he would never wake.
 He struggled to lift a single numb hand, then flopped it down on top of the dead elf’s leg.
 Qurrah took as deep a breath as he dared and then spoke the words of a spell.
 Each syllable was slow torture, garbled in blood and born of pain most horrid.
 Thankfully, the spell was not complicated, and the words were few.

 the elf with a cold sword and cold blood, and the elf then stabbed him with a barb, dagger, and finally with a breath of cold blood. The elf then handed himself to the elf with a cold dagger in his hand. Then he hid his hand and managed to get himself out of there....... The corpse of the dead elf pressed his hand to his mouth, and he exhaled through the blood that filled the mouth.
-
Shame and embarrassment burned in Harruq’s cheeks.
 He towered over his brother, his hands beefy and arms muscular.
 Nothing should scare him.
 He was supposed to be Qurrah’s protector, not the other way around.
 “Where can we climb?” Harruq asked, hoping to get his mind off the skulls.
 “There,” Qurrah pointed.
 A narrow set of stairs climbed to the parapet and Harruq led the way.
 The city gates were lost in the distance, city guards clustered about them.
 “Look,” Harruq said.
 “Orcs.”

 , Qurrah pointed the skulls of the guards. “Look, look, look,” Qurrah pointed to the skulls of the guards. He pointed also to the skulls on each of the gates. “Look,” Qurrah said. “Ircs.” He nodded. “Heh, look at the gates. Orcs. Orcs. Ircs.” The gates loomed. Qurrah pointed at the sides of them.<eop> “Look, look
-
Qurrah, though, he was sold to Master…‌forget it, that’s for another time.
 All that matters is that he learned those words before he met me.
 He whispered something, opened his hands, and then just like that the mouse got up and started running.”
 “He brought it to life?” she asked.
 “Well…” Again he stopped, obviously uneasy about what he wanted to say.
 “It was still dead, but it was moving now.
 That make sense?
 Qurrah could make it do whatever he wanted.
 He let it run off and die, that first one he showed me.
 He was pretty shy about it.

 took him to the mouse, the second mouse, and it was on the floor. “I touched it.” she finally said. “I gave him the chance to touch it, the mouse. I took it with me. I let him touch the mouse, the mouse, the mouse... mouse, the mouse.... then he touched it, he touched the mouse, then it up, he touched it down, then it went up, he touched it down...
-
But I’m on to them.
 They won’t get away with this!
 Liz – Bwa ha ha ha!
 Jim & Johnny – What was that?
 Liz – That was an evil sounding laugh, I learned it from Gene.
 Jim – But why did you do it?
 Liz – It just seemed to fit into the whole mood of the conversation.
 Jim – BAH!
 You people won’t open your eyes until people in Palm Beach are drinking beer watching hockey and saying Eh.
 Will you?

 ... Jim – BAH!... Jim –.................... Johnny – BAH!... Thank you Jim.<eop> Jim –...............
-
My near attack ended the conversation, albeit with my old clothes still packed away in some anonymous box.
 Mom's enthusiasm couldn't be damped for long though.
 It had fully returned by the time she turned my light off.
 "Have a good night, Adri...ana.
 You'll see, tomorrow will be like the start of a whole new life."
 I kept the tears back until the door was shut, and then they came in a hot rush that left me depleted and sore.
 It was like Mom had already forgotten about the other half of our family.
 Chapter 2 The sound of my alarm pulled me from an uneasy sleep, full of dreams where I was running in terror from some unseen horror.
 I couldn't decide whether I was happy to be free of them, or mad I had to get up.
 My radio hadn't been in any of the boxes we'd unpacked last night, so I knew I'd have to get ready in silence.

 , I woke up, and I knocked on the door. Mom came out. "Adri.......Adri...ana, I have a good night, Adri...Adri....Adri...Today was the first day, and the weather was: cold, wet, windy, dark, but it was also bright, sunny and beautiful. How was everything, Adri....ana?" I
-
Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
 In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
 By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
 As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
 Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
 The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.
 There are even winds of change in the Middle East, where Jordan has recently shown the way by conducting free elections.
 The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.
 Russia hastened to introduce democratic reforms in the hope that they would lead to rapid economic advancement.
 China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.

 the role in development, there is the role of democracy. Since the democratization of the people of South Africa in the 1970s, there had been significant economic and political transformations in general and Africa in particular. The rapidity of this transformation was only up to a certain stage. By the 1980s, and the early part of the 1990s, people had begun to make changes in society. In conclusion, we must conclude, for the role of democracy itself is a positive one. The
-
I felt shivers crawl up my spine, but what could someone say after something like that?
 Rachel reached over and gave me a hug.
 "Try not to think about it too much.
 Just remember that Alec's dominant to everyone here, and he'd die for either of us without even a heartbeat's worth of hesitation."
 After Rachel left I spent the next hour trying to get comfortable in Alec's desk chair.
 It was likely the discomfort was more due to the subject matter than the chair, but I just couldn't get comfortable.
 I finally moved my books over to the bed and sprawled out on it.
 Spanish, Math, History, Biology, English.
 The subjects all blurred together as the hours passed by in a blur of academic exhaustion.
 I wanted to go to sleep long before dark, but couldn't justify it, so I just kept grinding along.

 was the worst part of the day, but I was able to sleep the rest of my way through. I looked over at my book, and my eyes widened in the darkness. It was barely the first light outside. As I pulled the covers on my back and lay down, I searched my book. Even in the dim light, I found myself in the back of the room. I read the introduction, the first person, the first in the room, introductions, and so forth. I
-
While social scientists conveniently divide social activity into several categories – political, economic, social, educational, religious, cultural – in practice these distinctions are at best only partially true.
 Economic activities in any society take place on the foundation of the political system, social values and customs, and the psychological aspirations and attitudes of the people.
 During normal periods of slow and gradual change, the impact or role of other dimensions operates below the surface and appears minimal.
 Economists studying the results of economic variables tend to overlook the influence of factors from other fields on the assumption that non-economic factors are constant.
 Under relatively stable and static conditions, these economics principles can be employed to predict changes in economic variables to a considerable extent.
 But under circumstances in which underlying economic, social and political conditions are undergoing radical change, the relevance and predictive capacity of purely economic concepts is quite limited.
 This was the situation confronting the states of the region at the beginning of the transition period, and the reason why the actual results of the reform differed so drastically from what had been anticipated.
 The situation in Eastern and Central Europe was further complicated by the disproportionately large size and importance of the defence sector in the economy.
 This necessitates, not only a change from one economic system to another, but also a restructuring of the entire economy from a defence orientation to a consumer orientation.
 This change in structure could not be brought about by reliance on macro-economic policy.

 , a change in economic policy was necessary to address the nature of the structure of production and of the entire economy. The structure of the economic state and the economy, the economic state, the structure and structure of the state, the economy and the state, the structure of the state, the structure and structure of the state, the structure and structure of both the economy and the state, and the structure and structure of the economic state, the economic state and the state. Moreover, the structure of economic
-
“And it will take years to civilize that big lug.
 I’m not sure I have the patience.”
 “If your patience matches your beauty then my brother will soon be dressed in nobles’ finest, sipping wine and commenting on the taxing errors of our dear King of Neldar.”
 Aurelia blushed.
 She smiled at Qurrah.
 “You surprise me.
 It truly is a pleasure to meet you.”
 “And it is a pleasure to meet the elf that my brother is so smitten for.”
 Aurelia giggled at Harruq’s squirming.
 “He’s a loveable puppy dog, but I do not think he is smitten.

 ..” “What is he doing here?” Harruq laughed. “Oh,” Aurelia laughed again. “My brother... is....” “Oh, and what are you doing here?” Harruq laughed. “What is the...” “I wasn’t the...” “What is he doing..” “My brother is not the..” “I am not.” She laughed at me again. “You
-
Virden Day was leaning toward a dark figure, wearing a harsh expression and pointing out fingers on his other hand.
 Counting reasons for his argument?
 The figure turned his head as if scanning for an audience.
 He found one—me.
 As his eyes hit mine, I had the feeling I was intruding, that I should look away, but something kept me staring.
 It was him again.
 Chevelle Vattier.
 I swallowed hard and forced myself to continue walking, this time determined not to trip.
 Following the path as it wound closer to them, I became excruciatingly aware it was going to split, heading to either the gate or to the library.
 I hadn’t decided how to make my escape when Chevelle turned back toward Virden and spoke something low, cutting the conversation off.

 .................................. I ran down the hallway, broke through the doorway, and followed the path into a courtyard, running to the back of the other side of the library in order to get a chance for a break. I made my way to the gate, running.................
-
Dave Marsh described it as “Mansonish deviltry mixed with Buffalo Springfield lyrics and Cream jams.”  It’s this Charlie Manson element that I’d like to hear you talk about, this school of thought that the record is some sort of coded message, a hint of what was to come, a gateway to the Apocalypse, according to Crawdaddy.
 BG:  	Is that a question?
 CM:  	It’s a whole area of question.
 It’s a school of thought—surely you’ve heard or read some of this.
 But I’ve never heard you talk about it.
 BG:  	I dropped out of school, especially schools of thought.
 CM: 	Um--
 BG: 	You got kids playing records backwards, you got kids hearing drug references in everything, from “Lucy in the Sky” to “In Real Time”.
 You got academics plumbing rock music now for the kind of meanings they dug out of Wordsworth and Coleridge.
 Everyone’s in there digging around, rooting around.

 where you got that music in the first place?<eop> BG: Where are you coming from that in rock? CM: Yeah, it’s kind of coming from the 1960s, 1950s, 1960's, '70s, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah. It’s some of the stuff written in the 1960s, stuff, old stuff. BG: It’s out of the '70s, out of the '60s. BG: BG:
-
He closed his eyes, letting his mind sink into the ether.
 Like scent to a bloodhound, Qurrah could sense the magic flowing all about him.
 The flame surrounding the skulls flared even brighter, but beneath their tails trailed long threads of silver.
 When Qurrah looked up, he saw hundreds of the threads twisting and curling together, coiling toward a hidden presence deep within the orc army.
 Taking in a deep breath, Qurrah pooled his strength and focused on the skull taunting his brother, visualizing the thread and seeking to sever it.
 There was a pull on his chest—the taste of copper on his tongue.
 When he opened his eyes, the skull fell to the battlements.
 The jaw snapped and rotting teeth clattered to the streets below.
 “You did it!” Harruq picked up the skull, frowning at its ordinariness.
 Shrugging, he flung it toward the distant army of orcs.

 his head, he smelled the smell of burning rags. The rags to the odor of blood, smell of the stench of an enemy smell of the  odor of blood, smell of the stench of blood. The burning odor of blood, odor of the odor of blood to his eyes, to the odor of blood, to the odor of blood and guts.<eop> Taking in a breath, Qurrah felt his stomach knotting in his stomach.
-
Once we finished she turned on the television and told us to listen for conjugation.
 I almost wished I shared the class with Britney, her dad seemed like the type to get six kinds of riled up over something like that.
 He'd probably go straight to the school board and demand a new Spanish teacher altogether.
 It was a real relief when I was finally able to leave the drab little classroom.
 I stopped off at my locker before heading to the tutor room, but Britney was nowhere to be seen.
 Probably still mad.
 I mentally shrugged as I swapped out books, and set off.
 Rachel was already seated in her usual spot in no-man's-land.
 I debated where to sit for a second.
 I'd done the right thing in standing up to Cassie, but I didn't want to further alienate Brandon, or put myself anymore firmly in the group of idiots who looked to Alec as their master and liege.

 Rachel was already there, she needed a break from me, and I was not sure if I wanted to put her in exactly the same place, in between Brandon, Cassie, and their father. I switched on my books, and tried to figure out who the heck was in the room. Rachel was the only one there, and I knew she was the only reason I was in the back of the class, where I was supposed to sit.<eop> I sighed, I didn't want to put
-
Then I saw it.
 He flicked a glance at Ruby and I knew.
 They knew.
 And it was all true.
 Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.
 My head screamed.
 The sound of metal bands snapping echoed through a scraping, screeching noise inside my head.

 ............................ I screamed, I screamed, "Stop!" I screamed.<eop> I screamed, I screamed, I screaming screamed, I screamed. I screamed. Scraping, screeching, scraping, scraping.............................
-
Having him so close to me was somehow both exhilarating and soothing at the same time.
 I could feel the tense, knotty parts of me start to relax for the first time since Simon and Nathanial tried to kill me.
 As exhaustion started to finally eat through all of the nervous energy that'd been fueling me, it was all I could do to follow what Alec was saying.
 Still, I wasn't ready to go to sleep.
 It felt like he'd disappear if I closed my eyes.
 "So you don't need to sleep.
 What do you do with all the rest of your time?"
 Alec was close enough now that I could see his smile.
 It reached out and wrapped itself around me like a warm blanket.
 "Well, I do spend a fairly significant amount of time each day sitting in class.

 time I go to school, I seem to have more time sitting in class alone. I can understand why."<eop> "Oh,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, and sitting in the
-
Table of Contents Chapter 1 - ENDINGS Chapter 2 - FROM THE ASHES Chapter 3 - THE RAVEN TOWER Chapter 4 - A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM Chapter 5 - A PLACE OF PRIDE Chapter 6 - LUNCH WITH THE ENEMY Chapter 7 - A TIME TO PREPARE Chapter 8 - THE TEST BEFORE THE TEST Chapter 9 - INTO THE FIRES Chapter 10 - THE OTHER KIND OF PAIN Chapter 11 - THE NATURE OF BONDS Chapter 12 - TO WALK AN OLD PATH Chapter 13 - A CHALLENGING PAST Chapter 14 - THE ORDER Chapter 15 - DARK SHADOWS Chapter 16 - TO RAISE A SWORD Epilogue - BEGININGS Resources About the author
 CHAPTER 1 ENDINGS
 “Move along, move along,” Rodregas said.
 He prodded the prisoner up the roughly hewn stone steps none too gently with the butt end of the lit torch in his hand.
 "We don’t have all night."
 The rough handling of the prisoner seemed like a brash act for a man of sixty years, since the young man could have broken him in half with ease if he chose to do so.
 He was powerfully built, and towered head and shoulders over Rodregas.
 In fact the man looked rather like the hero from a bard's tale, with his square jaw and short black curls and fine dark eyes.
 In contrast Rodregas sported a bulging paunch, scrawny legs and loose teeth which gave him fits when he chewed on anything harder than a half-baked wheat cake.
 Rodregas' confidence in the prisoner's lack of retaliation came from the expression of dazed uncertainty on the man's face, a look he recognized on other prisoners whose world came crashing down around them without warning, whose lives changed forever in the blink of an eye.

 trust me?" he said. "No.".. - "I don’t trust you," he replied.<eop> The prisoner was shocked. "No, no". - "I trust you," he said. "Oh, I trust you," Rodregas said. "Trust you."<eop> The prisoner nodded. "I can trust you. And you can trust me. I can trust you," he said
-
Because it was built directly on and out of the very bedrock of the Earth, knocking down the fortress walls was not an option for an opposing army.
 Like the stone of the farmhouse, the stone construction of the Cathedral had been enchanted by Nymphs of the Earth.
 It was said that the ley lines were tapped to provide magical protections as great as the physical.
 The Cathedral’s defenses gave it the reputation as one of the most impenetrable fortress in the Eastern Realms.
 Of course, Rodregas thought what could not be taken by force, could be easily taken by politics and fear.
 Once through both the huge gates, Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda came into full view of the Great Cathedral of the Heavens.
 The Cathedral served as both fortress and a temple to the Celestial Gods, and its thick walls were a balance of the practical and the artistic.
 Its towering white walls were adorned with statues and engravings.
 Above the ground floor were huge stained glass windows and arches and on the heights were a series of small towers and domes.
 Rodregas had forgotten how striking the building was and all three stood to admire it for a long moment before moving forward into the inner courtyard.

 the entrance, Doi,da and Freya allowed the two of them to look around and explore the details of the interior of the inner courtyard. The courtyard, with the addition of the gates to the exterior of the Cathedral allowed the three to explore the walls, floors, the vaults, and the ceiling, and the floor, the slats, the lats, the beams all of the roof, the vaults, all of the pillars of the roof, and the
-
Then Cliff joined the rest of us.
 The parked station wagon we rammed might've saved our lives, as it kept the convertible from running up the side of a bank and flipping onto our heads.
 The station wagon was wrecked, Bob's Ford was totaled, and the four of us got cited on account of the case of beer in the trunk, which was meant for the beach party.
 Maybe in consideration of it being our prom-night, the police dropped charges on the condition that Cliff agreed to pay off the station wagon owner.
 I offered to split the pay off.
 Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
 I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
 Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
 Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.
 One of them was Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevski.

 up in the world in Brooklyn and growing up in the world in New York City (where both Eric and Liz lived, with B.A., and I.M., Ph.D.), while I was a boy. In school, I was growing up in the world. Back in the day, I was a boy and a boy in Brooklyn. In school, I was in the world, the world and in the world, the family, the family, the family and
-
"Donovan has very inflexible standards when it comes to some things.
 Dancing happens to be one of them.
 In fact, I don't think I'll ever forget the expression on Jasmin's face when he told her she could go clubbing all she wanted after he judged her suitably proficient in real dancing.
 He said he wouldn't have her 'seduced by throbbing beats and soulless contact' before he'd at least exposed her to proper dance steps."
 I felt a giggle surge past my lips, and pressed them tight before I could completely embarrass myself.
 "That's amazing.
 My dad thought knowing how to dance would make my first dance easier.
 It turned out to be a complete waste of time.
 Nobody asked me to dance and his lessons wouldn't have helped even if they had.
 Still, now I wish I'd done a better job of learning."

 ". """. "". """". """". """". "". """." """". """"". "". "". ". ". """"". """"". """". """. "". """"
-
touch me .
 .
 .
 in ways that were inappropriate, because whenever you kiss and touch me, all I can think about is how exquisite it feels and how I want more.
 I think-I think you're right: I think that you could have touched me any way you wanted, and all I would have done would have been catch my breath and beg for more."
 She rubbed her face against his arm.
 "So if I was supposed to stop you, and you knew I wouldn't, why did you stop?"
 "Because you looked into my eyes and told me you love me."
 He sighed.
 "If you had moaned it in a moment of passion, if your eyes had been closed .

 '... Because you love me.... I... '... '... I love you, you know, I love you, love you '.... love you, love me '.. '.... I long for you.... for the way you brought me to you... and I love
-
The elf whistled, and to the brothers’ surprise a winged horse landed on the rooftop of a nearby home.
 Its skin and mane were sparkling white.
 Dieredon bowed one last time and then leapt into the air, using the ledge of a window to swing himself onto the roof.
 He mounted his horse, patted her side, and then took off into the night.
 “Damn it all!” Antonil shouted, slamming his mailed fist into the wall.
 Still shaking his head, he stormed back to the gate, muttering curses.
 “What was that all about?” Harruq asked.
 “King Vaelor asked for aid and the elves declined,” Qurrah answered, chuckling.
 “The King’s pride will not take too kindly to that.”
 “He and his pride can suck a rotten egg,” Harruq said.

 and made their way to Qurrah and rushed back to the gate. Qurrah patted his side, and then they raced back to the nearby house. Antonil, still angry, muttered curses and returned to the roof, shaking his head.<eop> Qurrah and the elf ran to the dais outside of the house, and leaving the dais behind them, they ran back to the gate. The elf flirted with them, and the little elf threw out his hands
-
It wasn't worth getting bent out of shape.
 I let my door swing shut, and walked over to Rachel's side so that I could see the entire parking lot.
 Empty as it was, it didn't take very long to realize Britney's little white Saturn was gone.
 "I thought you might still be here."
 The voice caught me by surprise.
 I probably would've jumped and screamed a little if I hadn't recognized it.
 Brandon was walking towards us with his characteristic casual stride, and I felt my heart speed up a little as I remembered our conversation from earlier in the day.
 "Brandon!
 What are you still doing here?"
 I heard some movement off to my right, but was so focused on Brandon's response that none of it really registered.

 I looked over to the end of the parking lot. "No! No!" I suddenly gasped. He couldn't have surprised me any other way, and as I walked out of the building, I looped back around to the back of the lot. I spotted Brandon, and I turned to look at him. He was sitting in a chair and putting his hand in my pocket. I turned to his side as I was walking to his left, and then opened my door.<eop>
-
His sagging body seemed ready to collapse into slumber at any time.
 “I need to retrieve the swords I dropped,” Harruq said quietly.
 “I want to train with them.”
 Qurrah nodded so absently that Harruq wondered if his brother even heard him.
 They walked in silence under the beauty of the stars.
 “Hey, Qurrah?”
 “Yes, brother?”
 “What we did…‌is it…”
 “Did you revel in the power granted to you?” Qurrah asked.
 Harruq paused, searching for an honest answer.

 the s, the s, the s, and more. “What...... the swords? Did he survive...?” “What...... did the swords do...?” “... what was it...? What was it.... how did he survive?” “What....., what I did... what I want to do......
-
Hey, Dad, can I have a rock group and go on Ed?
 Shit.
 CM:  	Neil Diamond.
 BG:  	You’re trying to elicit some kind of crap response, but, I’ll tell you, man.
 If I had written “Solitary Man,” anything near as good as “Solitary Man,” I’d die happy.
 “I’m a Believer.”  Good stuff.
 Brill Building, say what you will.
 CM: 	Brenda Lee.
 BG: 	Yeah, nice.
 I don’t know.

 I love you, man, I love you. MG. MG: Man, I love you. BG: Oh Yeah. BG: MG: Man, yes, I, I love you.<eop> MG: MG, man, yes, I love. MG: MG: Yes, I love you, I’mm, I’mm, I’m, I’m you. I’ve already been married and had a kid
-
And I can't promise I'll be able to stop myself if we start-start kissing again."
 He was right.
 And she didn't think she'd stop him even knowing that they would end up making love.
 Half an hour later Marie sat up.
 "I guess I'd better go get dressed."
 "OK." "I'm not going to take a shower.
 I've lain with you all night, and I want to have your scent on me as long as possible."
 He smiled a bit.
 "I'll go take this shirt off and put it in a bag."
 She went to her room and put on a set of black lace underwear and a set of emerald on top of that.

 put it on. ""...."..."Because she doesn't want to leave." "....... "....". ""'". """. "".. """... ""'".. """. """. """""". """"".
-
But not too far in case there was trouble.
 With a big smile he laid down and slept, like he had not slept in a very long time.
 CHAPTER 6 LUNCH WITH THE ENEMY
 With an eager stride, Van’dret climbed up the stairs to the rooftop solar of the Guild Dealer Taiga’s tower fortress...
 He was excited by the honor to dine with the great Immortalist.
 He followed a servant dressed in expensive silks of a drab brown color through the well lit passageways and stairs, all the while nervously straightening his own expensive wardrobe.
 As they approached the top of the tower, the servant silently stepped aside and, with an open palm, waived Van’dret forward.
 The top of the stairs had a small platform where two massive Immortal Guards stood.
 At first they showed no signs of movement, though Van’dret could feel their eyes on him as they weighed his right to enter the private solar of their master.
 In their full plate Night Bronze, the two guardsmen who stood perfectly still at full attention looked to be more statues than actual men, and something that was not beyond the magic of the man was whose door they guarded.

 t stepped into the open passageway of the roof and peered over the balcony and saw the double doors on the second side, of the dais and the balconies of the vaulted floor of the top of the tower fortress... He took out one of his own and handed it over to the second door to the right of the rooftop solar. He pushed open the door to the right, and saw a red light, then a green, then the left... The double doors opened
-
Unfortunately she thought that meant I'd just hand over all the answers.
 We spent a good ten minutes with her trying to offer a variety of covert bribes ranging from the insignificant to things she couldn't possibly deliver.
 I kept telling her I wasn't interested and that she'd just have to do the work.
 Surprisingly enough, once she accepted that, she actually buckled down.
 It only took another ten minutes to explain the Pythagorean theory to her.
 By the time I stood up from Jackie's desk, there were only four of us left.
 Britney was staring sullenly at her book.
 I thought about going over and seeing if she needed any help, but after helping Jackie I was feeling pretty good.
 I turned and headed back to my desk, smiling at Rachel as I passed.
 "Adri, do you have a sec?"

 . I turned and shouted, "Adri!"<eop> "I'm so tired."<eop> "I need help," her said. Then she said, "I had to see her book. I had to go to the other side and talk to her about it. I couldn't do that. When I helped Rachel, I had to help her. When she looked at her book, I had to talk to her... I had to be with
-
He reached out and wove his fingers together; he pulled his thumbs down and opened his woven hands in the ancient symbol of opening oneself to the gods.
 “Dear Celestials in the heavens, we open our hearts to you and we accept our duties as your warriors here in the world.
 Let your courage fill our hearts and your strength fill our arms.
 May we know the guidance of your twin children, Honor and Justice.” He then knelt down and pulled one of the two short swords from his weapon harness; he crossed his arms and laid the blade across his own upper arms.
 It was possible, only with great concentration to do this without dropping the sword or cutting himself.
 His instructor had taught the squires this simple prayer.
 It guaranteed that the squires stayed focused during meditation.
 Doi’van and Imeralda looked at him as he knelt in the grass with the sword naked on his bare arms.
 Rodregas spoke carefully so as not to tip the sword and said, “It is called sword meditation.
 My instructor would start us out with the prayer and then we would meditative on our duty.” “For how long?” asked Imeralda.

 gas told him about ten minutes. He then sat down naked in the grass and knelt on his hands. He raised up his hands and then down his hands, he lowered the sheath of the sword. He opened the sheath to the cylinder; the sword was ready. He went down and knelt on his bare hands.<eop> Rodrega held a bow to him. I love that bow. The bow was a guide to the sword. He put the sword in the cylinder, and with the
-
She should be ecstatic, and she was .
 .
 .
 but she was also .
 .
 .
 Sad?
 Frightened?
 Torn, definitely.
 She loved Rick.

 ....................,,,,,,,.............,,.............,,............................,,,.,,,,......
-
Out out, move damn you.
 You’re making me look bad.
 There you go.
 Eat that John.
 Ha ha.
 No wait, stop that.
 Jeeze.
 Ouch.
 Damnit!
 You cheat!

 ......................’<eop>.<eop> ’......... ’..’ . ’.............
-
She never complained and we always felt her love.
 She worked as a carhop at a Bob’s Big Boy hamburger joint and she wore roller skates to serve the drive up customers in their cars.
 My Uncle Dan would take us there at night to visit her and she could sometimes sneak us some food.
 We would watch her roller-skating from car to car and back inside to retrieve her food orders.
 Uncle Dan was a hero to us as he was the only consistent male figure in our life.
 The drive up stations at Bob’s Big Boy were filled with a variety of Hot Rods and they were in all shapes, colors and sizes.
 The engines revved and the tires squealed consistently as the parade of cars cruised through.
 It was an exciting place and a formative moment for both Thomas and me, and helped to cement our lifelong love of muscle cars.
 We were so proud of our mother and we loved to tell our friends where she worked.
 Our friends would openly wonder why a mother would be working at all.

 car was already parked in the garage, it was ready to leave the garage and it was not needed. We went out to the garage to get it. Thomas and our brother and I go to the hardware store to get it. We went to the Bob’s hardware store and got Thomas the Hotrod.<eop> On our way home, we got in the car that we were in today. We drove our car from the garage, to the entrance of the garage, and then back to the garage
-
Art – What?
 Liz – Gene, swallow before you speak!
 Cleo – That is vulgar darling.
 Eugene – Sorry.
 (Back to eating)
 Art – Not a problem, now how are your grades.
 Eugene – Deh arrrr fie.
 Cleo – Eugene, weren’t you listening?
 Don’t speak while you are eating.
 Eugene – Murgle Furgle.

 – Nice. Well, I know that right,...........–......... –.......... Mysssss.............
-
[section break](break.png)
 “Aurry, are you there?” he shouted.
 He had hoped the elf would be waiting for him, but as he neared their usual clearing there was no sign of her.
 His heart skipped, and he feared she had already gone off to prepare for battle.
 “Aurelia, come on out now,” he shouted again.
 His eyes searched the forest.
 “I’m here,” Aurelia said.
 Her voice was quiet, subdued.
 Harruq turned and tried to smile.
 “There you are.

 there, Arry,” he shouted, and looked to the tree. She smiled, and looked to him, and she smiled to him. She looked to him, and then back to Arry. She smiled to him, and back to him. And she smiled, smiled, and smiled. It was a dream.<eop> Harruq looked to Aurelia. She smiled, and he smiled, and he smiled, and looked to the tree, and he looked to Arry. He smiled
-
She gave him a quick smile before slipping into her room.
 Rick's smile had become a frown by the time he was in his own room.
 He wasn't sure this trip was such a good idea after all.
 Sharing her dream was going to make him fall even more deeply in love with her.
 And when she left, he'd be devastated.
 But remembering the excitement on her face as she'd danced with the actor, he couldn't regret it.
 The next day they went to Universal Studios.
 "This is set up like an amusement park," Rick told her as he bought their tickets.
 "So even if it isn't authentic, I think you'll enjoy it."
 "I know I will."

 into her room. "I love this," the actor said after watching her dance "" " "" " " "" "" " " "" " " " " " "" If you like classics, you can see the movies """ " " ".. "" " " "" " " " "
-
“Escort your brother home.
 Protect him, even unto death.
 He will usher in a new age to this world.
 Of this I have no doubt.” He shouted an order to Qurrah’s undead.
 The eight obeyed, marching out of town to join the rest of Velixar’s army.
 “I will take control now,” he said to his disciple.
 “In time, the burden of sustaining life in them will seem weightless.
 Until then, let me bear it.
 Look at me.”
 Qurrah did, his eyes red and his face wet.

 to close his eyes, dry and disgusted. Then, with his order to the undead echoing, he turned to Qurrah’s followers around him.<eop> “You will protect him, his belongings,................... the food, the drink, the clothes, the herbs, the spices, the rations, the food, the clothes,...........
-
but she was also .
 .
 .
 Sad?
 Frightened?
 Torn, definitely.
 She loved Rick.
 She wanted to marry him.
 But she wanted to go home too.
 "I hope my mother doesn't faint when she sees me."

 ...,,......,,,,,,,,,....,,,,,,,,,....,,,.....,,,,,,",, "..,"....,", "",,...
-
BG:  	That’s good, man.
 You’re listening.
 See, no one got that.
 Yeah, that was actually Lorelei’s idea, that we should include this little hidden tribute to Jimi in the song for her.
 She was like all humble about the song being named for her.
 LE:  	I’m not sure it was my idea.
 BG: 	It was.
 It fucking was.
 You said, play that beautiful part of Jimi’s song.
 This was on my twelve-string.

 my guitar.  Yeah, I said it, and that was the rhythm. That was the melody. That was it, it was it. It was the lyrics. I loved it. LE: Oh yeah, I thought about that, and when I played it, it was just...... it was..... Um, it was........ BG: Um, wow, it was it.....
-
Where national environmental resources may lead to dispute and conflict, agreements should be drawn up between potential belligerents and the good offices of the UN's specialized agencies used to anticipate and avert future conflict.
 Peace and democracy can provide only the foundation for stable and productive social life, not its fulfilment.
 For that, political security has to be complemented by economic security and a blossoming of individual and cultural potentials.
 Yet here our optimism seems to flag.
 Our thoughts of the new millennium do evoke images of greater peace and stability internationally, more individual freedom and democratic rights, growing international co-operation, exciting new technologies, increasing cultural interaction.
 But they also evoke images of more people and less work – meaning fewer jobs!
 No sooner has the threat of nuclear annihilation receded, than the spectre of chronic unemployment and unrelenting poverty has risen to replace it, giving renewed justification to humanity’s deepest anxieties by transferring them to a new source of apprehension.
 In recent years, unemployment has emerged as a major cause of concern for governments around the world.
 In industrial countries, the subject evokes pessimistic prophecies of a fast-approaching future in which tens of millions of people will never find jobs, technology eliminates the need for human labour, cheap imports replace domestic jobs, welfare systems collapse under an unbearable burden, children have less economic opportunity than their parents, a widening abyss divides the rich and poor, and both markets and governments are powerless to do anything about it.
 In developing countries, it dashes hopes of ever conquering hunger, eradicating wide spread rural and urban poverty, and bridging the gap that separates these nations from the prosperous West.

 the global economy of the developed, it is the global economy of the developed. But it is also the world -- the world economy of the developing countries. It’s the global economy of the developing countries. It is the the world economy of the Community of Worlds, the European Union, and the economy (in much of the world) of the indigenous peoples of the developing worlds. And it is the global global economy of the community of developed worlds.<eop> The
-
I can't even imagine how I'm going to deal with the void you're about to create."
 Tears sparkled in her eyes.
 "I'm sorry."
 "I know."
 He kissed her then, slowly, sweetly, longingly, trying to memorize the taste and feel of her mouth.
 He wanted to deepen the kiss, to evoke the passion he knew only too well that she was capable of, but such a kiss would be torture for both of them.
 Marie at last ended the kiss.
 She gazed up into his eyes for a moment.
 "I love you, Rick."
 "I love you too, sweetheart."

 and kissed her cheek. "You love me."<eop> "<eop> " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "<eop> " " " " " " " ",<eop> " "<eop> "<eop> " " " "
-
“Answer me truthfully, you wretched spirit.
 Was it willing or was it not?”
 The spirit gave no answer.
 The half-orc stood, his hands clenched into fists.
 He hooked them through the air as he repeated his question.
 “Was it willing or not?” he demanded.
 “Yes,” Ahrqur whispered, grimacing as if filled with horrid pain.
 “When she approached me, I offered no resistance.
 Now will you let me return to peace?”
 “Not yet.

 in the air pointing towards the -orc. “Yes......”. “Yes...” “Yes....?” “Yes, yes........” The spirit motioned towards the other hand of the half-orc. “Yes.......” “Yes, yes....... “Yes, Yes, “Yes”...Yes. Yes, Yes,
-
“And let us hope that at tomorrow’s end all my troops are still alive.”
 He stared at the stars for a long while before joining his troops in slumber.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq and Qurrah waited anxiously at their door.
 They were fully armed and ready.
 The half-orc’s sister swords were sharpened and gleaming.
 Wrapped around his arm, Qurrah’s whip writhed hungrily.
 Their eyes rarely blinked, but as hour after hour passed and no blanket of shadow came to them, their patience wore thin.
 “The human army is right outside the town,” Harruq grumbled.

 ... to the village, and the village... to the village, town,, and the village....... to the town, town, the village, the village, the village....... to the village, and the village......... to the village, their villages... to the village, their villages.... to all of them......
-
It was irrational, I knew, but anger seethed.
 I couldn’t stop myself from thinking he was just like everyone else, interested only in my powers.
 My magic.
 And how it would benefit him.
 I turned to him, glaring, and he drew back, startled.
 “Is that what you want, why you are so intent on marrying me?
 For my power?” He shook his head, mystified.
 The rage had overtaken me, though.
 The weeks of drugging Rune, sneaking out, my missing father—searching for a new wife, I was sure—all of it too much.
 I slipped.

 , I slipped.<eop> I was, I was, well, I was.<eop> I was so, so, a woman, I was, I was wanted to be a woman, I wanted to be a woman, I was was. I was wanted to be a woman, I was...<eop> I was so wanted to be a mother of a woman, be a mother, a daughter, a wife, mother, a friend, and...<eop>, well, I was.
-
How does it stay in the air without falling?"
 "I don't know much about aerodynamics."
 "About what?"
 "What keeps the plane in the air."
 Marie couldn't wait to feel the airplane move.
 It was hard to believe that it could stay up in the air.
 She'd seen airplanes before, but she'd never been in one.
 She didn't even know anyone who had.
 The plane began rolling forward!
 Squeezing Rick's hand harder, Marie listened carefully as the flight attendant explained what to do in emergencies.

 """""""" "<eop> """"""""""" "<eop> """""""""" "<eop> """"" """"" ""<eop> """"""""""" """"<eop> """""""What're you to do?"<eop> """ ""."
-
The door to the home behind him exploded into splinters as a huge projectile shot through it.
 The elf spun, his eyes widening as he saw what had shattered the door: a massacred elven body.
 He readied his bow and released an arrow at the next sign of movement.
 Unfortunately, it was another elven body, curiously missing its left arm and leg.
 An enormous half-orc in black armor followed, soaked in blood and roaring in mindless fury.
 He spotted Antonil’s attacker, screamed an incomprehensible challenge, and then charged.
 The elf fired another arrow but was horrified to see it sail high.
 Behind him, Antonil delivered another kick, this time aiming for the elf’s knee instead of his bow.
 The elf had to dodge the kick, and that dodge was all it took.
 The half-orc swung his glowing black blades, cutting his bow, and his body, in twain.

 , the elf tried to mount a defense. The elf was hit and arrow-blocked, but the elf remained paralyzed, unable to mount defenses. With the assistance of the elf, Antonil forced the elf to fight back.<eop><eod> The,,, the,,,,, the,, the,,, the,,,,,,,,, the, the,,,,,,,, the
-
Freya is growing and strong.
 She has amassed a following of sorts, though I suspect it is somehow connected to her frailties.
 There is something endearing about it, but some of it worries me.
 She doesn’t seem to be able to hear as well as she should through her rounded ears and her voice is oddly alto.
 She is a beauty, though, her unusual features earning her extra attention.
 The elders express their anxiety again that the humans will consume us, but my father is already discussing arranged marriages, even mentioning Rune’s son, of all people.
 He’ll do anything he can to gain power from her.
 It was hard to read, this diary.
 My mother’s diary.
 Her writings went on until they became more erratic, answering questions I didn’t want answered.

 ......... it was................................................., and, and........., but..., and, and............
-
Art – Ah yes, well how about ‘Father of Elizabeth’s best friend’?
 It doesn’t really roll off the tongue like ‘Art’ does, on the other hand Art is rather harsh itself.
 Art.
 Art.
 My God, my name sounds like a sound that a dog makes.
 Wonder why I’ve never noticed before.
 Karen – Do you always behave in such a bizarre manner?
 Art – Only on even days, on odd days I’m rather mundane and dull.
 Karen – I take it that today is an even day then.
 Art – It seems to be, let me double check.

 t, don’t... I ‘n’t ‘... I don’t ‘.. Art – I’ll.’, on odd days, I ‘.’....... ’Don’t, don’t, I’ll don’t, I don’t’, I ‘, I don’t ‘.. I ‘’t’’, don’t’, I don’t, don
-
He put a hand inside the window.
 The other pressed his sword against the side of the house.
 No longer a dream.
 A nightmare.
 She would kill him, burn his whole body to ash so she never had to look upon his dead face.
 Hatred burned in her breast.
 _Qurrah,_ she thought.
 _You make him do this.
 Put the blood on your own hands, you coward._
 She knew the moment she struck with a spell her invisibility would end.

 ........""""......""""....""""""""......... the blood on the face - the fingerprints of the face... face... the blood on the face..... the blood on the face... of face..........
-
CM: 	Yeah, tomorrow, right?
 Is that alright?
 BG: 	I’m tired.
 Day Three
 Creole Myers: 		Whose paintings in the room off the den?
 Lorelei’s?
 Buddy Gardner:  	Lor’s.
 Lor’s the painter.
 CM:  	They’re good.
 BG:  	Oh, they’re better than good.

 in the room off the den. Who in the room off Lorelei,...,..., BG: Yeah, I know them..., CM: Yeah,,...., CM: Yeah,... BG: Really mean, really I don’t think I know them? CM: Oh,, CM:...,.... BG:
-
Wave after wave of arrows rained upon them, and those who fell were trampled by the rest, but the masses were not even slowed.
 Harruq pointed past the army to where a long line of men stood in the distance, carrying no light or torch.
 “What are they doing?” he asked.
 Qurrah searched the line, and he saw what he suspected.
 “The necromancer,” he observed, pointing to the black shape hidden underneath robes and a hood.
 “Those alongside him are dead, Harruq.
 They serve only him.”
 “Huh,” Harruq said.
 “Lot of good he’s doing.
 How are the orcs going to get through the wall, they have nothing but…”

 q said. “They need to get out of the way out of the wall. They have arrows and spears to shoot, it’s arrows to hit them, to hit them with.... They take their weapons to them, to carry them to them, to drags them, to drags them to the wall.” “How are they gonna...?” “They get through the wall at the end of the room, and in the middle of the room
-
"I-I just have a headache."
 At home Mrs. Tranton handed Marie some aspirin and a glass of water and suggested she go to her room for a nap.
 Marie went upstairs but didn't feel like lying down.
 Instead, she sat on her bed with her back against the headboard and her arms wrapped around her knees.
 Why did she feel so frightened?
 This was almost how she'd felt when she'd wandered into 2011.
 But then she'd been in a strange place; now she was home.
 She should be ecstatic.
 She'd tried for over five weeks to get home.
 Tuesday she'd spent a delightful day with her family, the best of her adult life.

 been wanting to talk to her family. She had wanted to grow up. She wanted to go to the University of Michigan. She wanted to go to her old school......... She wanted to't talk to her old friends, she wanted to talk to her mom talk to her sister....... She wanted to go to some some of the places she had wanted to go before, and even to some of the places she had wanted to.
-
I felt a shiver course through me at the thought of what Rachel was implying.
 Watching Jasmin twirl through moves that seemed to be a modification of East Coast Swing, it was hard to believe anyone so self-possessed could've had that kind of childhood.
 I thought about asking for more details, but it felt wrong, like reading someone else's e-mail.
 Besides, I was pretty sure Rachel would tell me it was Jasmin's story, and I'd just have to go to her with my questions.
 The music picked up slightly, and Jasmin and Alec sped up with it.
 They were moving so quickly now it almost seemed they were better than Isaac and Jessica.
 A quick visual search laid that question to rest though.
 I could just make out Isaac's towering form across the pavilion in the corner where they'd apparently gone to find room for some of their more impressive moves.
 It seemed amazing to me that they were willing to move so quickly around normal, uninformed humans, but apparently they figured professional dancers were at least as quick.
 I shook my head and turned back to Rachel, only to feel my throat constrict as I saw Britney.

 .........<eop><eod> I glanced at her, and got lost in the sound of Britney's ".................... I don't remember the words ".........................................
-
It is the nature of the competitions that I am worried about.” Doi’van paused as he ordered the coming conversation in his mind.
 Rodregas knew him well enough to wait until he was ready.
 Rodregas had been surprised when Doi’van had refused to take back his oath when they had had some privacy.
 Doi’van had simply said he took his oaths too seriously to play such games.
 So Rodregas had sworn the same oath to Doi’van, which Doi’van had accepted.
 Doi’van though was more focused on the task than the oath.
 He stated, “Each competition is worth points.
 The top five winners of each round of competition earns five points; those that place six through ten earn four points, eleven through fifteen earn three points and so on.
 There are a total of five different events.” Rodregas nodded.
 He had not remembered the point system but he knew well that a knight is unique for his mastering of five different fighting styles.

 i’van asked if that was a proper oath. Doi’van had nodded and added to the oath stating, “Each knight is equal to the first. The second of the knight’s are equal to each other, the knight’s lee is equal to the first and second, each knight’s lee first is equal to the third, and each fourth. Each is equal to the first of the second of each fourth, each fifth is equal the second, and the
-
You can move it, but only if you’re near.
 You can stop someone’s heart, but you can’t make them feel happy about it.” He hesitated after that last part, contemplating, and then continued, “You can manipulate the elements, move water, draw it from the ground, but you cannot easily make it appear from nothing… though one can usually collect moisture from the air.
 Fire is easier.
 It spreads so fast.
 You can pull a small spark from anywhere to create a flame, fueled by the air and…” He trailed off as I leaned closer to him, listening intently.
 Chevelle looked into my eyes, words forgotten.
 I didn’t know what he had seen there, but he blinked, shaking his head.
 “Let’s keep working.” He stepped a few paces away as he spoke.
 “You’ll need to think clearly and stay calm.
 The best fighters are the best thinkers.” “Fighters?” I asked, confused.

 , fighting. There’s a world where I’m going to fight, what I’m going to fight for. I fight my life, my very existence, to get what I want to get... and I want to fight for the rest of the world. A war isn’t the easiest thing to fight, but it isn’t a struggle, struggle, and struggle. “I cannot fight for the world. I fight the world, fight the world, the world,
-
.
 .
 Even as she thought it, she opened her mouth a bit.
 Rick's tongue darted inside.
 And the flame that it created shot through her entire body, surprising her with its power and heat.
 Her body ached with a pleasure that seemed too intense to bear.
 Intoxicated, she wrapped her arms around Rick’s neck, moaning.
 Powerfully aroused by that moan, Rick slid one hand down her back to press her closer.
 She shuddered with pleasure as he began kissing her neck.
 He undid the first button on her dress.

 s hand slid back down her back, and he slowly leaned down to kiss the top of her head, expectantly, he leaned into her body and began to kiss her. He placed his lips on her neck and back. Gently, he slid back down and started kissing her neck and back. Then, slowly, one of the men, Jason, pulled the first button of her dress off. Rick undid it with his thumbs, and pulled the rest of the first button off her
-
"It crossed mine more than once."
 He raised his head to look into her eyes.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "Rick," she breathed, her hands sliding to his neck, squeezing, pulling him to her.
 His mouth covered hers, his kiss slow and hot and thorough.
 She wrapped her arms around him, trying to get closer to him.
 When he raised his head, she whimpered, wanting his mouth on hers again.
 But she gasped with pleasure as he began nibbling on her earlobe.
 Rick wanted to do much more than kiss her, and she was making it difficult to resist.
 He'd never held a woman so eager, so responsive to his slightest touch.

 ...." "... "...""... "...."<eop> "" He licked her swollen lips, "..." "...." "..." "...." "..." "...""..."<eop> "... ""...." "..."
-
“The few tombs they do build house nothing but ash.
 Instead, they pile the bodies of the dead to burn, but not tonight.
 Tonight they mourn.” He stood erect, stretching out his arms as if relishing the warmth of sunshine.
 “Such wonderful dead.
 To die in combat is a glorious fate, Qurrah.
 Never forget it.
 The blessings of gods linger in those who fight and fall valiantly.”
 Qurrah nodded.
 He could feel power creeping out of his master, cold and fierce.
 Soft purple dust flew from his pale hands.

 from the dark... s and c s flew from the light... s and cs of his nose... of his ears... drips of his mouth... the drips of his hands... of his hands... his fingers... the drips of his eyes... eyes... the drip of his breath, hale and breath... of his shoulders... his
-
"Who are you and why on earth should we believe you?
 The last thing I want to do is go home and get in trouble for cutting tutoring again."
 I opened my mouth to answer, but words wouldn't make their way past the trembling in my chest.
 I felt tears start threatening to arrive and further humiliate me, but Rachel came to my rescue.
 "She's one of the tutors.
 Patty Sanders, who I happen to know has Mrs. Campbell's class sixth period, just gave her a note.
 Stay if you want, but she's done exactly what she was supposed to."
 I wanted to give Rachel a big hug, or maybe just break into tears right then and there.
 I managed to just give her a smile, and hold off on the tears until I'd gathered up my stuff and made it out of the room.
 Rachel caught up with me before I made it very far.

 ... the last time you've been back to the school, Mrs. Mrs. Campbell, he's gone to be with you, and you can't tell me."<eop> "I don't want to tell you. I.... I won't be here. I.... I mean, am I going to leave you here?" "I... I won't be here?!" "I
-
The elf whirled, sensing the incoming invisible blow.
 Only a tiny part hit his shoulder, immediately encasing it in ice.
 Then Harruq was upon him, slashing recklessly.
 Ahrqur batted his sword left and right, then jumped as Harruq swung back in a scissor-cut that should have shredded his waist.
 The elf landed atop one of his couches, balancing with ease.
 “What reason do you have to kill me?” the elf asked.
 “Are you here for money?
 I could pay you twice the pittance you work for.”
 “Just shut up,” Harruq said, hurling Salvation across the room.
 Ahrqur leapt again.

 ... the...... the the...” "He’s right, I... the...”<eop> “The.. the... Oh, the.. to, the..... of the... of the... of the... of the... the.. the.... of the..
-
“Elves banned,” he said to his brother.
 “Amusing, though unnecessary.
 Only handfuls live within these walls, and they are just diplomats and messengers.
 Our king is a spiteful, paranoid one.”
 “Not my king,” Harruq muttered loud as he dared.
 He meant to say more but stopped as another man neared the fountain.
 He was large, well-muscled, and scratching at a long beard that stretched down to his belt.
 In a massive voice, he shouted to the mulling throngs.
 “The royal guard is in need of able-bodied men to help rebuild the walls of the city,” he shouted.
 “The work will be hard, but we offer a threepence of copper a day.

 want to pay for copper.”<eop> “Threepences.”<eop> Threepences of coins. “What kind of copper a day?” he asked.<eop> "A coin in the coin shop. Pieces,” he said.<eop> From the side of the fountain, a third man spoke to his brothers. “Threepence a day. How much am I going to pay for it?” he asked his brother, turning to Harruq.<eop> "I have
-
"Hi, I'm Albert, and you must be Adri."
 I winced again.
 It was going to take a lot of work to get people to use my full name.
 "Adriana, but I don't need any help."
 Albert smiled.
 "I know your card wasn't on the red side, but Mrs. Campbell asked me to stop by and go over a couple of steps you left out on your homework assignment from today.
 Since I just finished with Rachel and was over here already, I thought I'd show you the steps you're missing."
 I nodded my assent as I mentally filed away both his name and the girl's.
 Surprisingly enough, Albert was a good teacher, pointing out the steps I'd been skipping over, and even explaining why they were important.
 It was rare enough to find a school teacher who could really teach math these days, finding a student who could teach was nearly a miracle.

 "Yes, Adriana, I see you," he said, smiling. " " ".. ", I "," " "," I " "". ", " " ", " " ", " " "  " " " " "", " I " " " ""
-
I quickly ran my fingers over the darker, thicker marks on my shin, the skin sore and purple.
 I quickly checked myself for any other injures I might have acquired from my tangle with the Thrasher, but all I found was a bunch of bruises.
 Seth seemed to have disappeared, so I trudged down the road to my house.
 It’s cozy familiar blue paint and white shutters helped to relax me as I pushed open the door.
 My house wasn’t very big and fancy; it was actually pretty plain but that’s why I loved it.
 It had two floors, with a fair sized kitchen and a mini living room.
 My room was just up the stairs, and it beckoned to me even though I was more interested in dinner.
 My mom was cooking in the kitchen and my dad was sitting at the kitchen table going through his usual paper work.
 He looked up as I entered, pushing his glasses back up his face.
 “Hi sweetheart, finally home?” he asked giving me a warm smile.

 was a block from home, and I hurried back to my room, but it was a short walk to my house. My dad took a seat and I ran to the door to the kitchen and opened the door. I pushed open the door, and a small man walked into the kitchen carrying a large bag. I asked him a couple of questions. He opened my room and I pushed my down on the couch. He handed me a gift card.<eop> I shook my head as I made my way
-
Make them tell you exactly how much they know before you admit to anything, and then only admit to the parts they already know about.
 It's a crappy way to run a society, but I'm just one kid.
 I can't be blamed for just trying to keep my head down and survive.
 We were already pulling into the parking lot.
 He must have been driving even faster than normal.
 That should have triggered another panic attack, but the tension in the black Mustang was high enough to distract my subconscious for now.
 Brandon smoothly pulled the bulky car in between a pair of SUVs and cut the engine before turning and hitting me with the full force of his gray eyes.
 "Adriana, I promised to protect you.
 I know it's kind of anachronistic, but I take those kinds of promises seriously.
 Most of us here in Sanctuary do.

 ... "No..... I don't want to protect you. I promise to.... Adriana, I don't want to protect you...... "I don't......... I...... I didn't to protect you....... I left you in the parking lot."<eop><eod> Brandon decided to take a few minutes to
-
A few minutes later Alec bundled me into the back seat of an unfamiliar car, which rapidly filled up as first Jasmin, Isaac and the tiny Hispanic girl arrived.
 Jasmin completely ignored me as she climbed into the car; Isaac gave me a polite, if somewhat cool nod.
 The Hispanic girl gave me an honest-to-goodness smile as she slipped behind the steering wheel and started the engine.
 In what was one of the most thoughtful things that'd happened all night, she turned the heater on full as she pulled out of the driveway.
 The drive into town, and then back out to my house was quiet, but luckily didn't take as long as normal.
 Apparently her timidness stopped well short of observing the speed limit.
 Alec, Isaac, and Jasmin all jumped out of the car as soon as my house was in sight.
 The car was still doing at least twenty miles per hour when they bailed.
 They faded into the darkened landscape about the time we rolled to a stop.
 I went to open the door, but a delicate brown hand stopped me.

 I turned down the street, there was the sound of a car. I froze as we pulled up to Jasmin's driveway. I opened the door. I knew I had to answer, so I went to sit on the other side of the street. It was cold outside. It was dark.<eop> I was determined to drive back to the house before I got home, so I decided to get in the car when it was almost dark. When I got it warmed up, it felt like
-
Parents were relatively easy to fool.
 Leave the tutor lab early, go somewhere else and kill some time until you were supposed to come home, and they'd never know the difference.
 Teachers were a little harder, but if you didn't have the help of your 'friends', then they became an insurmountable obstacle.
 The gears finally ground to a stop and Britney sighed as she put her head down on the table.
 I tried to stop from smiling at her theatrics, but happened to look over at Rachel just in time to see a matching smile on the younger girl's face.
 Before I could look away, Rachel held up the red side of her card.
 "Do you have a minute?"
 Happy to be able to do something, I hurried over and took a look at her open book.
 "Fractions, huh?"
 "Yeah, I'm supposed to reduce them after I finish adding, but I can't seem to get to the same answer as the book on this one."

 , I glanced back at her card. "At the bottom of the list," she said. ""The top."""....." "Oh..." ".... It's going to....." ""." "It starts at the bottom." "Oh....". ""Oh, I don't...." "Oh
-
“We are very proud, Jazell.
 You’re supposed to leave tomorrow, so you better pack.” “I’m going to go do that.” I said quickly, while I backed up towards the stairs.
 As soon as I reached them, I shot up so fast you would think I was running for my life.
 I closed the door, locking it behind me and then dialed Emily’s cell phone as fast as I could.
 I sat on my bed as the phone rang three times before I heard it click.
 “Jazell you wouldn’t believe what my parents just told me.
 They say I signed up for some camp and-” “I know the same thing happened to me,” I interrupted her quickly.
 I hear her breathe heavily, “This is crazy, it’s just happening too fast.
 We have to go or we’ll be in big trouble with our parents.
 But the thing is we don’t know where this meeting place is and-” She was cut off by the ringing of my phone.

 we’re going to go as we said. We don’t know where, and I tell you, we’re going to go. It’s here. And where it is now.” “I don’t know where it is at, either,” I said. “I’m going to go to that meeting place, Emily. I’ll go to my mom and I’ll go back to my dad.” she interrupted.<eop> “You won’t be
-
“You?” I asked, remembering Ruby’s announcement.
 “You’re traveling with us?” “You don’t mind, do you?” “No, of course not,” I gushed.
 It was too eager, so I explained, “Chevelle’s been training me.” “Well, we can certainly help with that.” I grimaced at the thought of Ruby’s training methods.
 “Don’t fret.
 She’s actually very talented.” His smile warmed.
 “An asset, you’ll see.” An asset?
 Ruby came through the door, in a movement that could nearly have been classified as whirling.
 “Come on, Steed.
 We need to set you up outside of town.
 Chevelle is afraid we’re causing a scene in the village.” She laughed lightly.

 ...” She stood behind me, peering around the room, her face a little flushed. “What are you doing?” “Of course, there’s a................ a smile, a...........” I looked into a pair of eyes. A smile, a smile, a sweet smile, a...... Steed? “Yes
-
She didn’t want to know.
 Magic sparked on her fingertips.
 Harruq might have seen if he had looked over, but his eyes stared through the window.
 He pulled back the sword.
 His hand reached in.
 Aurelia prepared to kill him.
 “Damn it,” she heard him say.
 “I’m sorry, Qurrah.
 I can’t.”
 He sheathed the blade.

 .......... Magic sparked on her fingertips................... She continued to look out of the window. Something was going on............... she had to know........... she didn’t want to know................
-
Rodregas thought the cats may also attack the guard at the front gate on their way out.
 He looked around and realized that the other side of the hall had a door that opened in the same direction as the door leading to the cage.
 He opened it up and thought that if he opened the Dire Cats’ door, he could block them from this direction, while keeping himself safe behind the two doors.
 He knew the guards at the gate would be incredibly curious about what he had been doing, but they would not actually do anything to challenge the man they thought was the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.
 He also knew that he would have to get them out of the way of the Dire Cats.
 At least that way he could also claim the black yew recurve bows.
 Rodregas walked back up the stairs and he thought that it would be a good idea to feed the beasts first, but he did not have time to grab a couple of chickens in the coop next to the kitchen.
 The sooner he was away from the keep the better.
 As Rodregas walked up to the watchtower gates he once again wore the sorcerer’s robe that Captain Poir had fetched for him, but this time he wore it outside of his armor.
 He climbed the inner stairs until he stepped into the watchtower room at the top.

 the room, Rodregas stepped up up the watchtower stairs, and walked over to the entrance of the first room in the right side of the main hall. As he stepped down into the first room, he saw the cats in a cage and he could see the door opening below. He stepped down into the second door in the first room and walked through the second door, going up into the bottom of the cage and stepping back into his armor. He stepped up to the bottom of the cage
-
I didn’t go to her funeral.
 I hadn’t minded her snitching to Liz.
 She was a sweet girl, and Liz was her friend.
 But I had seen too many funerals.
 Then Billy Graham came to town.
 The Light
 While working at Coffee Dan's, on breaks Cliff and I consorted with the waitresses.
 Reba, a truck stop veteran, had eyes for Cliff, though she was twice his age.
 She was toying with his hair when sweet Helga came in and gasped.
 She fetched a Bible from her cubby and read aloud, “Her lips drip honey, but in the end she is a bitter fruit.

 ............................................... her eyes................................ the eyes......... the eyes, the eyes...
-
When Qurrah looked up, he saw hundreds of the threads twisting and curling together, coiling toward a hidden presence deep within the orc army.
 Taking in a deep breath, Qurrah pooled his strength and focused on the skull taunting his brother, visualizing the thread and seeking to sever it.
 There was a pull on his chest—the taste of copper on his tongue.
 When he opened his eyes, the skull fell to the battlements.
 The jaw snapped and rotting teeth clattered to the streets below.
 “You did it!” Harruq picked up the skull, frowning at its ordinariness.
 Shrugging, he flung it toward the distant army of orcs.
 “Not done yet,” Qurrah said, sweat lining his face, his breathing soft and ragged.
 “There’re so many.
 So…‌many…”

 ....... He shook his head. He looked at the end of one of the loosed knots on the skull. “The end......................... the ends of the battle... starts of the battle... Starts, starts.......... the end, beginnings of the battle. The beginnings of the
-
Qurrah nodded so absently that Harruq wondered if his brother even heard him.
 They walked in silence under the beauty of the stars.
 “Hey, Qurrah?”
 “Yes, brother?”
 “What we did…‌is it…”
 “Did you revel in the power granted to you?” Qurrah asked.
 Harruq paused, searching for an honest answer.
 “Aye,” he said at last.
 “I did.”
 “Then why do you now question it?”

 the stars on the dead of night, Harruq sat up in a heap. “Who won, brother?” he asked sadly, "Yes, sir,” “", “, “, “, “, “”,, " ".., “, “..." " " "..." he shook his head sadly. ""... " " " ", ".
-
“Well, I still want to repay you.” Harruq held out a small bag containing copper coins.
 “It’s all I have.
 Please, take it.”
 Aurelia glanced at the bag.
 “No,” she said.
 “But why?”
 The elf shook her head.
 “Your swords.
 Where are they?”
 Harruq glanced at his waist.

 ................. to her... a................. to her........... a............ a............................... a.
-
That will be our signal.” I could handle that.
 When I was given the shots fired and weapon instructions, I realized that desperate druggies rob guys like me.
 The officer began to explain what I was to do if this turned out to be a robbery.
 Apparently, this Steve was known to carry a weapon and he was known to come up a little short on cash for drug deals and if the seller wasn’t willing to accept the lower amount, he might brandish his weapon.
 If he pulled the gun or a weapon of any sort, the officers needed me to indicate that.
 “How about ‘gun, gun, he’s got a fucking gun’”?
 I asked.
 “How about, ‘ there’s no need for guns,’” the officer countered.
 This was an unexpected instruction and a situation I hadn’t realistically contemplated.
 I was all wired up and the officer flattened his hand out and tapped on my truck’s windowsill to illustrate how low they wanted me.

 to get a gun,” I lit up. I want to get a gun,” I told a young man, “there’s no need to get a gun. I have to get a gun.” I said...................................... “He’s right,” I responded. “I need a weapon.” He said
-
“It’s beautiful.” One eyebrow shot up and she jumped from the bed, grabbing my wrist and pulling me with her.
 I hoped she hadn’t smudged the design.
 I checked it as soon as she stopped in front of her mirror and let my arm go.
 “And this.” It wasn’t a question.
 She was proud of her work.
 The eyes that stared back at me in the reflection grew large as they took in her mastery.
 Gone was the girl I’d been in the village.
 This woman, dressed in leather and dabbed with war paint, was striking, imposing even.
 Her dark gaze might have been fierce if it weren’t round with astonishment.
 Ruby was thrilled at my response.

 was so glad I did it. I began to watch her smile. I began to place the painting next to the shapes and colourings and sparkles of her beautiful brown eyes, transferring them to the design with my hands. I did the same thing to all the rest of Ruby, just as I was saying to Ruby. “The beauty of Ruby............She’s the way she’s dressed. She’s the
-
There was a mandala on the ceiling, a pentangle on the floor, what you could see, through the album covers and splayed paperbacks and drawings.
 It was strange stuff to me, eye-opening, shocking in a way.
 That shock that comes from knowing something is important but not knowing exactly why.
 And she had in between all these great prints, torn newspapers, headlines juxtaposed against this great art, you know?
 And her own drawings, little line drawings of dwarves and headless figures and skulls and djinns.
 And poems, typed and tacked to the wall.
 I remember one, in particular, an Aztec poem, and it began, “Rejoice, rejoice, my flower king, you own many jewels—“ and I thought, wow, that’s for me, man.
 It was an egotistical reaction, I know.
 Where “Flower King” comes from.
 And there were these little altars she had constructed, with tiny clay figures and candles.

 altars, dwarves and djinns, and the altar, all these little clay figures and headless figures and candles, and the altar, and dalves, and djinns, headless figures, dwarves and skulls, djinns, candles. And all of these little clay altars of course, and she had in in between all these altars, these little drawings of dalves and djinn
-
That’s that song.
 I wanted a starker arrangement but Pete talked me into the chick singers and the spoon harp.
 It’s ok, at least it was subtle.
 Quiet chick singers, ha.
 Naw, they were great, really.
 Jimmy Keltner brought me them.
 CM: 	“Song for L. Enos.”
 BG:  	Kind of self-explanatory, right?
 I mean, here she is.
 My be-all and end-all.

 A Song. L.. Enos.” CM:..,.........,,,....,,..., etc. CM:..,...,,,,, etc. BG:.,,,,..,.,,,.... I thought I had,.,.,,,...,,,,,,,,
-
"Wait, you could see me smile?
 I guess that all follows, better hearing, better sense of smell.
 Of course you'd have better vision too."
 It wasn't until I heard the note of longing in my voice that I realized what I was missing.
 Alec didn't have that same advantage, and I could feel him waiting expectantly.
 "Sorry, it's just that this all makes me think of these amazing dreams I've been having since I arrived.
 I'm transported to various places, but in every case I can hear and smell better than I can in real life.
 Not only that, everything is glowing.
 Only that isn't the right word for it.
 Mostly there's just light coming out of the people and the plants and animals.

 , the stars, the stars, the stars. Oh, the stars, the... the stars, the stars, the moon. The stars, the sun, the moon........." "Oh...... there isn't even a name.........." "No..." "Don't you like it?" "Yes. "<eop> Alec,
-
"It's a little ironic.
 She threw you overboard because she was worried you'd limit her upward mobility, and then the next day you arrive with the guy she's had a crush on since the day she moved into Sanctuary."
 I punched him on the shoulder.
 "You knew all this time?"
 Another laugh, and a smile at the way I was trying to conceal how much the punch had hurt my hand.
 "Of course I knew.
 It isn't like I could do anything about that.
 I've never led her on, but I've always been aware she liked me."
 There didn't seem to be much else to be said, so I thanked Brandon again for the ride into school, and headed off to my home room.
 Everyone had pretty much just pretended like I didn't exist before.

 I was.......... I couldn't find anything to say. I looked at Brandon, and Brandon just smiled, and I smiled. "You?"<eop> "Yeah." I laughed. "I love you. You know that you know. Know that I know?" "Yeah. I love you. You know that I know. I need you. I care. I want you. I love you. I care. I
-
She was a big woman, in size and spirit, a person of understanding and compassion, who tried hard to prepare us seniors for the real world.
 She said, “I know you two were with Eric and Kenny.” “So expel me,” I said.
 “Me too,” Billy said.
 She shook her head.
 “You probably think I could keep Eric and Kenny in school, but here’s the way things are.
 Once the police get involved, the school board has to expel.
 That’s policy.
 Otherwise, they won’t usually expel, for fear a parent will sue them.
 “Eric and Kenny are good boys, I know.
 If I can do anything for them, I will.

 ,” Billy said, “It’s a big step, but that’s not saying you can’t do anything for me. Like I told you, there’s a long way to go. You don’t have to wait for me to say...” “...all you’ve ever done for me....”<eop> “No, not Eric and Kenny,” Billy said. “I don’t want you........
-
I finished up the day's homework, and made it more than halfway through one of my makeup assignments by the time Mrs. Campbell stopped off at my desk.
 "Care to run another errand for me, Adriana?"
 I didn't really want to.
 Not when I'd just discovered I had more studying to do than was humanly possible.
 Still, Mrs. Campbell had always been super nice, if equally stern, and there was only ten more minutes of class left.
 Besides, I'd been so intrigued by the sight of Alec drawing that I wanted to see him like that again.
 If he could take such joy in the creation process, maybe he wasn't as bad as he seemed.
 The only way to know for sure was to see him with all of the masks off again.
 "Sure, I'd love to.
 Mrs. North again?"

 , but nodded. "Yes," I said, shaking her head. But she didn't say if I was even joking. "No, I'd really want to go again."<eop> I didn't know if Ms. Campbell was kidding, but she was. I didn't really push that hard to get into class, so I had to do the one thing I wanted to do. And so that when I made it to the door of the studio, I
-
I mean this literally.
 You read Castaneda?
 Anyway, there standing in my way, like fucking Lot’s wife, was this raven-haired beauty, and I had this strange idea, man, that we had conjured her, that the music had brought her into being.
 You can’t understand.
 Or maybe you can.
 You know Memphis.
 I really felt like here was a woman made of soul and blood and electricity and philharmonic, eldritch diablerie, you know?
 I thought she was fucking Terpsichore, man.
 And she was so beautiful—she IS so beautiful—that I was stopped like a clock.
 I was a man hit in the heart with a sledgehammer.

 s, the ghosts, the...... I..,.. I........ I....... I... I.. I’m... I... I’m.... I..... I.... I..... I.... I.... I...
-
Rodregas had regretted not being on duty when the Dire Cats were staked out on the roof.
 Rodregas had heard from the other guards that the cats were in heat, and as Ravenhurr had hoped, a Celestial Lion had sensed their presence while the lion was out during the full moon with the Wilde Hunt, and the great lion had spent the last few nights doing his best to impregnate both of the female beasts.
 The whole keep could hear the wild rutting going on.
 Ravenhurr then had goats released on the roof and the Celestial Lion had gorged himself on them when he had finished rutting.
 The well-satisfied beast lay limp, sleeping, confident in his celestial power, and oblivious to his surroundings.
 He lied unbound, as required by the ceremony.
 Rodregas assumed some subtle magic had been used to influence the beast to sleep in just the right spot.
 The unlikely success of having an actual celestial animal as part of the ceremony had put Ravenhurr into an unusually good mood.
 Using one of the Dire Cats in the ceremony would have been good, but an actual Celestial animal would provide much more power.
 Rodregas’ hands clutched into a fist at his side as he could not help thinking that the last thing the world needed was for Ravenhurr, or any of the Immortalists, to acquire more power.

 that he was wrong, he took the cats to the rest of the courtyard, and the rest of the cats to the rest of the courtyard, and all of the beasts to the roof.<eop> They took the cats to the courtyard, and the beasts to the roof. They took the cats to the other courtyards, and they took almost all of the cats to the roof. The night was cold, and the cats spent the night in the cat den, and the
-
* Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 10
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 She felt guilty for spying on him, but Aurelia was convinced she had no other choice.
 Over the past month, she had grown close to the half-orc Harruq Tun, and with that closeness was danger.
 She saw only a goofy young man while Dieredon swore she met with a killer.
 Only one of them could be right, but who?
 Perhaps not, she wondered.
 Perhaps she saw the elf in Harruq while Dieredon saw the orc.
 The kindest man might become a brute when surrounded by other brutes.

 was a..... the,, the, the elf, the the elf, the, the elf, the elf, the elf, the elf,...... the elf, the wolf, the elf, the elf, and even the....<eop> Aurelia was worried, she was frightened. Because of that danger, she was facing the truth. What could she do
-
My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.
 Gritting my teeth slightly I let my gaze continue on down to assess the damage, only I couldn't.
 I could see the wet spots on the shirt.
 My mind was classifying it as a dark green polo with some kind of designer insignia but I couldn't see anything other than how huge he was.
 I'd seen linemen on high-school football teams whose shoulders weren't as broad even with their pads on.
 The shirt was snug enough to see that the rest of him was built along the same lines.
 No wonder I'd bounced right off of him, a small car would've probably done about the same thing.
 My blush deepened slightly as I realized I was wondering what it would feel like to have those arms wrapped around me.
 I jerked my gaze back up to the handsome face just in time to see the expression settle into a genuine smile.
 "I'm so sorry.

 ..." I whispered to my lips, "I'm so so sorry. I'm so sorry."<eop> "Sorry, "<eop> "Oh, "<eop> Dropping to my knees I let the gaze go down and looked into the beautiful eyes, focusing on the face.<eop> "Oh..." " "..," "Oh....." "Oh..."<eop> "
-
I mean, this guy was fucking huge but he knew his home stuff.
 He knew what was going on.
 I was impressed—hell, I was blown away.
 So, yeah, I’ve got my Elvis story.
 I’m from Memphis, I met Elvis.
 It’s not much of a story, really is it?
 I mean, I know people who know Elvis, right?
 Dig?
 But, man, lemme tell you.
 From where we were there was Ike and Isaac and Carla and that whole Stax group.

 , well, there was..... I was at the concert, there I was Isaac, I, Ike, I, Ike....... Isaac, Carla, I, Isaac, Isaac, Carla, Carla, Isaac, Isaac, Ike, I.... Ike, Carla, Carl... Ike, Ike, Ike....... Ike, Isaac, Isaac, yeah,
-
She'd built a sand dragon with a group of people, and then both she and Rick had played volleyball.
 She claimed that she could keep going, but she fell asleep on the way home.
 They were too tired to do anything but watch TV that evening.
 They went to bed early, but still, she didn't wake up until almost 9:00 the next morning.
 There was no use walking in the garden this morning, she decided with a yawn.
 She listened carefully but didn't hear Rick's shower or any noise in the kitchen.
 It was past his usual breakfast time, so he'd be starved when he got up.
 She could have breakfast ready for him, maybe even serve it to him in bed.
 Jumping up, she pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and ran downstairs.
 She didn't know how to make very much, but she could scramble some eggs, prepare bacon in the microwave, and make some toast.

 of the kitchen she found, there was a pan of bacon in the refrigerator. So she scrambled scrambled eggs and - bacon in the same pan, then she took scrambled eggs and - bacon out of the pan in the refrigerator, placed - bacon in the microwave in a bowl of water, and she made -- scrambled eggs and - a toast out of the pan in the microwave. She went back to the bathroom and microwaved the eggs in a different bowl. Finally, she
-
Today was exhilarating.
 For the first time in I don’t know how long, I was out of the castle.
 Free from practice, free from duties, free from walls.
 Though tricky to set up, the spell worked on Rune.
 I showed up at practice early and whispered the words in case something went wrong and he heard.
 I can’t imagine what my punishment would have been, though it might have been worth it.
 He fell asleep quickly and I ran as fast as I could, my pulse pounding with excitement.
 I spent the entire day away from the castle.
 Without the drain of practice, I was thrilling with energy.
 I could feel the trees, the mountain.

 felt the trees, trees, the mountain.. and the trees, the mountain. I felt the trees, the mountain, and the trees, the mountain.. I could feel the trees, the mountain, the mountain..... I felt the trees, trees, the mountain, the mountain... the tree, the mountain, the mountain... the trees, the mountain, the mountain, the mountain.. It was exhausting. I could feel the trees, the
-
Rodregas guessed him to be the Guild’s Ambassador to the Knights.
 Rodregas’ blood froze at the sight, though he did his best to remain casual.
 He knew that the Guild had a representative at the Cathedral but had not expected him to be so closely watching the registration table.
 Rodregas fell into old habits of survival.
 He kept his eyes to himself and let himself feel the tiredness of travel on the road.
 When it became his turn, Rodregas stood there silently.
 The knight, an older man with a short gray beard, who was missing his left hand, waved him forward.
 The Knight Captain slowly looked up at the tall figure before him and after a quick examination went to the oddly mismatched pair that stood at each shoulder.
 “You are a squire who wishes to register for the tournament?” asked the Knight Captain.
 While the Knight had probably asked this to a lot of people that day, his tone suggested real curiosity.

 , looking to the young knight, and the knight.<eop> The Knight Captain, who knew he was a Knight captain, stepped forward, and, through the doorway, walked over to the young knight. The Knight Captain tried to sit next to him, but could not turn to the Knight. Quickly, the Knight Captain sat next to the young knight and then walked over to the Knight Captain across the room. Again, the Knight Captain nodded and turned to look for the squis.<eop>
-
Art – No problem Gene.
 Just a couple things I would like you to do though.
 Eugene – What do you need?
 I’ll do what I can.
 As long as I don’t have to deal with Jerry.
 Art – Nothing of the sort, these are pretty simple.
 First, I want you to stay out of trouble.
 No evil schemes or taking over the world and so forth, either go back to school or come work for me, which ever works best for you, just keep your nose clean.
 Can you do that?
 Eugene – I can try, but what if there…

 – Gene – Seems like I just can’t help. Art – I can’t do the things that you idiots do... Art – I can’t do what I need..... –.... –... I don’t have to tell you that I need anything, I’ll just help you out... Gene –........
-
“Did I not say he was arrogant?”
 Harruq stared at the name on the scabbard, mesmerized by the beauty of the writing.
 He ran his fingers over it, enjoying the feeling of pure gold.
 When he covered the second half, he paused.
 “Qurrah,” Harruq said.
 “Look at this.”
 The bigger half-orc shifted the blade so that his brother could see.
 He kept his hand where it was.
 Qurrah read the name, and then glanced at his brother.
 “That is our last name.”

 said.<eop> “Ah. That’s the one. Now take my hand. Turn it on your side, put it on your finger, and it looks like a ring.” He continued with his sword in his hand as he covered the first half of the scabbard. He covered the first half, the second, the third, the third, the second the third, the first third, and the first third, the first, the second and the second, and the first and the
-
Try as he might, he couldn’t stop from shaking.
 “Can you stop them?” Harruq asked, squinting at the sky.
 “Perhaps,” said Qurrah, eyes distant and unfocused.
 “But orcs don’t use necromancy, not if the stories I’ve heard are true.
 Someone else travels with them—someone who must be strong.”
 “When it comes to this mind stuff, no one’s stronger than you.”
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “We’ll see.”
 He closed his eyes, letting his mind sink into the ether.
 Like scent to a bloodhound, Qurrah could sense the magic flowing all about him.

 , “..........,......................,..............” Qurrah paused a moment, then “.........................................
-
Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.
 Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
 Jim – Very.
 Liz – Why?

 , I want to, I...... I want to be I...... I want to be I..... I...... I............. I want not to..... I want not to, but I wasn’t not the right person, I don’t have the right type of person to be, I just don’t, can’t
-
They circled back to meet us.
 In the disorder, they lost track of the wolves.” “But the wolves weren’t hurt?” “They had been strung up by vine among the trees, but alive.” I winced at the idea.
 “Why?” A wry smile crossed his lips and I couldn’t help but focus on them for a moment.
 “Because the wolves would have fought to the death, and Grand Council does not kill animals with magic.” I remembered my mother.
 “Only elves?” His mocking smile widened.
 “Only elves.” They thought killing an animal with magic was evil, dark, but they were hunting us down.
 To burn us.
 I considered the alternative—pierced through with arrows, blessed with a prayer—and I laughed.
 His eyes were intense as he reached to gently cup my neck, fingers resting at my spine, thumb grazing the base of my ear.
 I felt him urge me forward, and my breath caught, heart stuttering into a broken lope.

 ......<eop> My feet landed on the floor, and I moved to his side and smoothed my hair. He was gently rubbing my back as he sat down next to me, facing to the side. His mouth was the base of my neck and his hand was resting on my back as I crossed my arms over my chest. He was kneeling on the ground, head resting in his hands, and next to me, he fell asleep.<eop> I felt his hands around me
-
The potential for much higher rates of growth in these countries, as recently achieved by China, can result in much larger flows of capital, technology and organizational know-how.
 Recognition of this opportunity should be central to the strategy of industrial nations for stimulating their own job growth.
 Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
 The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
 Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
 Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
 The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.
 Concerted action now could bring these benefits much sooner.
 Information superhighways: Information is a catalyst and stimulant to social development.
 The speed of information, like the speed of transportation, is a critical determinant of economic activity.

 the world economy, the speed of information is driving the information age, the speed of transportation, use of technology, the economic growth of the economy, including the speed of transportation, the Internet, the increasing number of people connected to the Internet, the increase in public access to information resources... Slow growth: Economic growth rates and the rate of employment in the U.S. will continue to decline in coming years. For global economic growth, the speed of technology will continue to increase and the
-
“Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”
 “She, um, I kind of…” The half-orc faltered.
 “I owe her a favor.”
 The elf smiled as if trying to appear amused, but it faltered miserably.
 “You are looking in the wrong place,” he said.
 “Search the woods just outside town.
 Call her name a couple times.
 She’ll hear you.”
 “Thank you,” Harruq said, grateful even though his insides churned.
 He had faced many men in battle, and yet here he was, his heart skipping beats at the thought of meeting this mysterious Aurelia.

 was not a good idea....<eop> “No, I never thought about the fact that I was connected to her, but I thought that I was...... that I was just.... I thought that I was just... I was just a... I was....................... I was connected to.........
-
She continued to strike, punctuating every word with another blow.
 “So, let, me, fix, that, for, you!”
 She stopped when he passed out from the pain.
 She turned his head to the side so he wouldn’t choke on his own blood, a strange gesture of kindness considering what was left of his manhood.
 “Glad to give you something to remember the town by,” she said.
 After a flirtatious flip of her hair, she started down the street.
 Aurelia froze, her blood as cold as when she had sensed the man in black.
 This time no magic could be blamed, and no sense of death.
 No, it was just the sight of Harruq, dressed in black armor and wielding ancient blades dripping with blood.
 Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.

 to a man singing a swan song.<eop> Aurelia smiled, and raised her hand to his left hand. She moved closer to him, and he had a strange, familiar sound. It was a man speaking, a man in a black uniform. A strange,, familiar sound. After hearing the words of the man in black, she returned to the man in black. She smiled, thanked him, and she went after him. She headed over to his  lair. She
-
It was my turn to shake my head.
 "No, this is my fault.
 I belong here, not cowering in a corner somewhere."
 Rachel hugged me from one side while Dominic placed a gentle, dark hand on my other shoulder, and then we were off.
 Brandon, and what must have amounted to his entire pack, were waiting for us just off school property.
 The two leaders faced off as everyone else fanned out around them.
 Jasmin, Isaac, and the others all maintained calm exteriors that were markedly different than the eager, often sadistic expressions of Brandon's people.
 "I demand satisfaction on behalf of my pack for the two of our number that you brutally murdered.
 This is within my rights under the laws that bind us.
 I demand two lives for the two lives robbed me."

 I, I, ".", ""."<eop> I demanded one life for the other. ""....", ""...", ", ""...", "...", "..." ""....", "..", "", "...", ""...."<eop><eod>
-
She related the tale of Bonnie Bell, a blue fairy from the East.
 “He hunts the human children, luring them in with glitter and lights, and eats them, beginning with their tiny little toes.
 Though he gives no choice in the matter, in exchange, he allows the mother one wish.” I scoffed, “Humans aren’t real.” “Even so,” she continued, smiling wickedly, “you’d be surprised how many don’t think to wish for their children back.” Raucous laughter floated up around the ring.
 Fairy tales indeed.
 It felt good being there, surrounded by my new companions, a fire and stories, laughter.
 This was more of a home than Fannie’s had ever been.
 But I was also under the influence of a fairy.
 “Better yet?” Ruby asked.
 I grimaced.
 Grey approached.

 into the ring and stood on the edge of it. He walked around the ring again, taking me in the left hand. Grey smiled and waved his hand. I smiled, said... and said.. and said, and.. and said, and.. and said.. and said... and I said.. and he handed the same ring to me, my right hand. “If you wish, you just have to be the owner of it.” I smiled
-
I made non-committal noises as we waited in line, all the while scanning the cafeteria for two faces.
 Actually, scanning wasn't the right word for it.
 I just kind of looked that way and instantly found my eyes drawn to Brandon.
 He was surrounded by people, mostly female, all attractive.
 Taking in all of those lithe, tan bodies, I suddenly felt incredibly inferior.
 All of the impending skin cancer deaths suddenly didn't seem quite so important.
 I looked away before anyone could see me staring.
 Britney was still looking longingly at a pile of fries.
 When I looked up again Brandon was looking back at me with a smile that communicated all kinds of things I'd always thought you needed words for.
 His expression seemed to say he was glad to see me, embarrassed to be the center of attention, and sorry he couldn't get away from his friends to come over and say hi.

 looked up at the door... there was a knock... and I looked at Brandon again. Neither of me held back a knowing smile. I didn't know what I could say..... I was at the front of the cafeteria, waiting, and the door was empty, but there was a knock. I looked up at the door, and I found myself............<eop> There I was standing in a cafeteria,
-
“Ah, she escaped,” Ruby purred.
 “And you didn’t trust me with her.” The formation broke as Steed came to stand beside me, the corner of his mouth tipping into a grin.
 I stared at the group.
 I had no idea who they were, but from the way they spoke it was apparently no secret I was Chevelle’s prisoner.
 Or his property.
 “Frey,” Chevelle said, “this is Anvil.” He nodded toward a giant of a man who bowed his head respectfully.
 “And Grey.” The wiry man bent and straightened, his movements too quick.
 I drew in a startled breath as two more figures came into view.
 A pair of slender elves stepped in sync as they stopped just outside the group.
 They were tall and lean, dressed in robes the color of ash that only accentuated their shocking silver hair.

 a face and deep blue eyes. They stepped out of the group and waved at me. Steed gestured to the group. Steed looked to the group and turned his head back to see a small group of men. Steed looked to me again to see the group. Finally I nodded to the group and I let the group go.<eop> I was back again. There was a sudden commotion on the street as I turned back to the group. Chevelle turned his attention to the crowd with a
-
“No.
 You may go.”
 Harruq rose, glanced at the body, and then departed.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What are they looking at?” Harruq later asked as the two brothers walked down the winding streets of Woodhaven.
 “Let us see,” said Qurrah.
 Harruq muscled his way past two men, his brother following in his wake.
 They found a proclamation nailed to a post.
 “What’s it say?” Harruq asked.

 “What’s it say....” Qurrah, looking at the letter on his chest. “.........” Harruq, “......,” said Qurrah, “.... the., the the.., the the..............................What is it to say.
-
CM:  	It’s what?
 LE:  	It’s honest.
 There’s no bullshit.
 BG:  	No psychedelic lyrics, no “newspaper taxis” as Lennon said.
 No “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  It’s just me.
 Take it or leave it.
 It’s just me and my life.
 CM:  	And you made more money…
 BG:  	That’s right.
 I made more money.

 money. I made more money. I made more money.<eop> LE: You made more money... Yes. MG: You made more money.<eop> MG: And I made more money... And I made money... And I made more money. MG: And I made more money...<eop> LE: Yes, because it’s more money. And I already made more money. MG: I made more money. MG.
-
I guess you want to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison.
 CM:  	Yes.
 How did that start?
 BG:  	Dickinson.
 Jim, he got us a recording studio at Ardent.
 Got us some studio time.
 He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
 And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
 Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.
 Anyway, with Jim there, well, he gave us the confidence to do it.

 : Yeah, we had a contract to do an album. So, well, I’d do that. I...: yeah, well, I did it with the contract. BG:..: Yes..CM: Yeah. I don’t write anything, in the studio, well, I do that. But with that album, well, it was one of the last things I had to do with it. So I went to a lot
-
Could it be that Davis’ job was harder than Rick’s?
 No—it wasn’t just that Rick didn’t spend half the evening at his office.
 He’d even chosen to be with her rather than with a girl he’d known longer than he had her, a girl from his own decade.
 Confusing thoughts and feelings kept her from being able to fall asleep quickly that night.
 She'd had so much fun this week, watching pictures and using the microwave oven and wearing blue jeans, but she missed her parents and her brother and Tom and Davis.
 They had to be out of their minds with worry and grief.
 They probably thought she'd been kidnapped.
 She wished that she could let them know that she was all right.
 And that someone was taking care of her.
 She'd only known Rick a week, but she already trusted him.

 that, that someone was taking care of her. It was the person who knew her, her mom, the aunt, the cousin, her aunt... who cared about her, cared for her, cared... and that she could care for herself. It was the person who cared the way she thought about it, who was just standing there with her. And it was the one who supported her, with her friends, with her family... It was the one that
-
"On the plus side, at least we'll both be at the math lab together.
 I've had to spend an hour there every evening since Dad found out I had the class low on the first test.
 Stupid Internet.
 I can't believe they give our parents an account where they can see how we do on every test."
 Britney had my sympathy there.
 Nobody liked their parents knowing too much about their school life, academic or otherwise.
 "Wow, they talked about doing that at my last school, but I wouldn't have expected a town this small to have something like that implemented."
 We dropped our books off and started towards the cafeteria.
 Being back at my locker, back where I'd seen Mr. Gorgeous, made me wonder about him.
 Britney had to ask me a question twice before I realized she'd been talking.

 .."""..."""...""""..""""...""""".".".."""..".""""..."".".""End the test." ""...""""....""The end of the test." "."."Then we start the next."
-
The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.
 His eyes blazed.
 "Do you really mean that?"
 "Yes.
 Oh, Rick, it's been so hard not to tell you I love you.
 But I was afraid that telling you would make it harder to leave.
 And I was right."
 Her tears spilled over.
 "Then stay here with me.
 Marry me."

 "No." "Don't.."<eop> She turned to him again. ""<eop> " " ".." " " " " " "" " "" " " " " " " " " " " " "." " "..." "..." " " "
-
And the sixties were winding down like a colorful toy that was starting to show its cracks and whose motor was creaky with rust.
 Altamount followed.
 Manson.
 Things were getting grim.
 More and more people in the street but it didn’t look like those fuckers in Washington were gonna do a damn thing different—the war, shit, look at it, it’s just deeper and deeper shit.
 And they were turning hoses on kids.
 Chicago happened, Abbie was arrested and tried.
 They tied a man to a chair—this was 1968, man, not 1868.
 I was aghast, the whole country was aghast, I mean, those who cared.
 It seemed the vultures had descended and taken over.

 ..,..... I was splat,....,..... I was screaming,...,.... I was screaming,...,..... All down and around the street, the kids, the splat, and the hoses, the.....,..............
-
“True,” Rodregas replied, “but it is pretty.
 And I would love to be facing them with one of those blue steel swords.” “Now don’t go lowering your standards, blue steel and night bronze?
 Good enough for the common soldier, but I fancy something a little more distinctive.” Rodregas was about to ask him what he had in mind when they found out why they had been waiting; two more slavers came up with drawn bows.
 They were going to take them from a safe distance.
 Doi’van and he needed no words; they both knew only instant action gave them a chance.
 Rodregas would like to have tried to take on one of the Immortal Guards, but he had already noticed that the slaver with the mace was a little too close and a little too far away from his nearest companion.
 He was a skinny man with dirty hair and seemed to be having trouble holding his heavy weapon.
 Rodregas stepped in close and the slaver swung the mace with surprising force, but he met it with the shield and knocked it aside.
 Rodregas moved with simply too much speed to be blocked.
 He slid the short sword into the slaver’s stomach and gutted him in a quick and vicious move.

 the body he pulled his sword out and threw it to the floor. Then, in a very quick move, the slaver slammed into the slaver’s chest. Rodregas dropped the sword, but pulled his attention right back to it and turned to...I’m not just going to take it... see if I can get through the armor.............. Rodregas swung the mace and
-
Congress had extended the Social Security benefit for those of us with dead fathers.
 I would get paid to go to college until age twenty-two, which delighted my mom, to whom education was everything.
 San Diego State University was surrounded by faith centers.
 Mormon, Catholic, Lutheran, and Jewish.
 Down the road a few blocks was a large Baptist church.
 Since my profession of faith, my only steps in God's direction were reading through the Bible, praying now and then, and getting baffled by J.D.
 Salinger's Franny and Zoey, about a girl who goes around constantly muttering "Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on us."
 Her family decides she's crazy, and I agreed.
 Hoping to keep the light alive, I visited several churches that gave me the creeps, with clammy skin and something like nausea, the same feeling I have gotten from the sallow eyes of anorexics who obviously courted suicide, and from remembering nights I had to spend with my sinister grandmother, the Christian Scientist.
 Another couple churches reminded me of the country club where I used to smash golf balls until I grew weary of the country club people.

 of church invited me to be one of them. Family, friends, friends,, and neighbors, had invited me to the Lutheran Church, where I thought my mission was to be the pastor, because..........well, I never wanted to be in the church again. I was a Christian, and I belonged to the church, the people of the church. After ten years of this church, I spent a year living with a former pastor, who lived in
-
She slid the false wall back in place and grabbed my arm again, our heavy cloaks moving like shadows as we ran from the village.
 We didn’t go far before she stopped and jerked me into a squat beside her.
 There was movement a brief distance ahead, a rabbit weaving from the cover of one rock to the next.
 As I watched, a stick shot from the ground and speared the animal through the chest, killing it instantly.
 I gasped.
 Ruby giggled at me.
 She grabbed her quarry and we rushed back to the house.
 We went to the main room and she started a fire as she easily skinned and gutted the animal.
 The entrails went into an urn beside the fire and I wondered what she used them for before remembering all the containers on her bedroom shelf with a shudder.
 She stretched the pelt to dry while the meat cooked.

 the meat to the fire and cooked it a bit at a time. She put the skin on the fire and placed the bone on the stone floor. The two stood for a moment. Ruby put her head into the fire and I stood up again. I placed the entrails into the fire. I brought out the fire and started. I touched the entrail. I touched the bone. I touched the skin. I touched the fire.<eop> I saw. I felt. I.
-
That’s near perfect.
 CM:  	Only near?
 BG:  	Yeah, it’s all any of us get.
 Near perfect.
 That day I was riding God’s tail.
 I was playing like Robert Johnson ensorcelled.
 You dig that?
 I made up that little middle bit, and, then, as discussed—I think we talked about this—a little piece of Jimi’s “Third Stone from the Sun,” thrown in at the beginning, as a tribute, because he had just died and I was in mourning when I wrote that.
 CM: 	“Squonk?”
 BG: 	Yeah, dig.

 ... I dig............. MC: Yeah.... Yeah....................... Yeah,......
-
“We must go north where we are needed most.”
 The two ran through the town, listening for sounds of battle.
 The worst seemed to be about the middle of Celed and steadily working its way south.
 They encountered a few soldiers as they hurried there.
 All died before they had the chance to swing their blades.
 “At last!” Felewen cried, staring out from a side alley.
 They were behind a group of ten soldiers battling a pair of elven warriors who stood back to back.
 “Make haste, they need us!”
 Felewen charged, desperate to arrive before her brethren were overwhelmed.
 Aurelia stepped into the street and summoned her magic.

 s like a wolf. It s in the streets. It hates the streets. It uses the streets to fight. They ran out of the battle, and she stepped out of the street, and lost sight of it. The battle turned when a few soldiers surrendered and started to flee. It s also used the streets as they hurried north.<eop> They were in the middle of the city, the first sounds of battle in the air. There was a hill in the distance, and the
-
A clacking sound haunted his hearing.
 It rattled sporadically, and it was most certainly bone hitting bone.
 He imagined a loose jaw hanging by only one side, or perhaps a hand held by a thread of flesh banging against a rotted femur.
 It took all his will not to scream when a great weight pressed against his shoulder.
 The pain that exploded throughout his body was so great he blacked out as he lay there in the grass, a horde of undead searching for his wounded form.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 As Dieredon fought for his life, Harruq and Qurrah snuck through the streets of Woodhaven.
 They avoided the light of lamps at all costs and stopped only a moment so Harruq could don his new armor.
 They had to be careful, for if any saw the two half-orcs traveling amid the dark their lives would be forfeit.

 "!" Harruq went back to the sheathing his sword. He was going through the streets and the streets and the alleys. He was still alive.<eop><eod>..................... the.......................................
-
“So what, a couple days?”
 “You know very well I can’t obtain any proficiency in such a short time,” she said.
 Harruq shrugged.
 “Fine then,” he said.
 “How long you want me stuck here with you?”
 “Two weeks,” she said.
 The elf danced away behind a tree.
 Harruq followed, but all he caught when he stepped around was a tiny line of blue fading on the afternoon wind.
 “That was interesting,” he said before returning to Woodhaven.
 !

 back into the............ in the............... in the.........................................
-
My pulse skyrocketed as the raw terror hit.
 I'd heard death threats a couple of times before.
 You don't go to a school of any size without seeing fights, and usually by the time girls resort to physical confrontations they really are serious about hurting the other person.
 When girls say they're going to kill each other, they mean it.
 This was something else entirely though.
 Whoever was on the other side of the flimsy metal door I was hiding behind didn't just believe she would kill the other girl, she knew it, like someone who'd killed before.
 As scared as I was, I should have been a gibbering wreck, but strangely enough part of my mind was coldly rational.
 If I walked out right now I might be okay.
 If however they did kill the brunette, they'd come after me too.
 It was possible, it turned out, to be rational but still completely paralyzed by indecision.

 she was going to kill the brunette, the blonde, the blondenette, the blondenette, and the blonde, they'd expect her to kill me. If the blonde was the blonde, the blonde blonde, the blonde blonde, the blonde blonde, the blonde, the blonde, the brunette, the blondenette, the blondnette, the brunette, the blonde, the blondnette, the brunette, the brunette, the brunette, the
-
Only the slight sway of my curtains gave evidence he'd just casually jumped out of my second-story window.
 I heard Mom's equipment bags hit the floor one after another.
 The sound of her tromping up the stairs finally roused me from my state of shock.
 "I'm in my room, Mom."
 Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."
 I forced a chuckle.
 "Please, Mom.
 Where else would I be?

 out of my room." "I'm not here. I'm not in my room," I told her quickly. "Not in my bedroom."<eop> ""..." "What?"<eop> "?"<eop> """... I want to get out of my door,"<eop> "," she reached out for my door. ".." she grabbed it and started to open it. "
-
"Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.
 Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
 Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.
 He ended the embrace with a series of quick, hard kisses and then eased his hold on her, panting.

 holding her. He pulled her up and into the car, wanting to force her to hold him down again, but he refused to hold her down. She held him on the neck.<eop> Rick held her. He held her against her, tightly. He held her hard against him, long, hard. He kissed her all around him. He kissed her to the neck, she back, down, to the back of him. He kissed her again, on the mouth. He kissed her to the
-
Liz – you’re forgetting that the dwarves have just come home after a long day’s work in the mines.
 They’re exhausted, they’re not looking for a fight.
 They don’t have a prayer of taking on all 10 of the midgets.
 The dwarves might be angry about Snow White being kidnapped, but that doesn’t compare to even to the daily life of a midget.
 Midgets have all the pent up rage of being so different from the rest of humanity and condemned to circus life to fuel their fire in the midst of battle.
 The midgets could take the seven dwarves unarmed and surprised.
 Jim – Yeah, you’re right, now if it was the dwarves from The Hobbit that’d be a different story.
 The Seven Dwarves just have too many neuroses to deal with on top of a pack of angry bloodthirsty midgets.
 I concede, the dwarves never stood a chance, and I knew it from the get go.
 Johhny – (Sneering) Then why did you back them then if they can’t win.

 hny – – Sneering. Sneering Jim – I don’t understand the reason, which is why you sneered then.<eop><eod> Liz – (Sneering. – Sneering. – (Sneering), I think that somebody’s going to do something stupid to me, and I’m not getting punished for it. Liz – (Sneering), you don’
-
It looked like debate boy had pretty much finished answering her question.
 I looked back down at my book so I wouldn't get caught staring.
 I was just about to dive back into my text book when someone cleared their throat nearby.
 The tutor was standing at my elbow looking over my assignment.
 "Hi, I'm Albert, and you must be Adri."
 I winced again.
 It was going to take a lot of work to get people to use my full name.
 "Adriana, but I don't need any help."
 Albert smiled.
 "I know your card wasn't on the red side, but Mrs. Campbell asked me to stop by and go over a couple of steps you left out on your homework assignment from today.

 """"""", """"". She is, indeed, """""""", """""", """""". She wants me to make a note of her. """"", """"""", """", """", """, """""", "
-
Maybe if I pretended he wasn't there, the driver would just go away.
 A hint of motion told me that wasn't going to be the case.
 The passenger side window was sliding down with the smooth, even motion of power windows.
 "I've heard that some of you easterners have some really funny ideas.
 I guess seeing as how we don't have any mass transit out here you must've decided you needed to walk home.
 Don't you think it's a bit hot for that kind of environmental responsibility?"
 The voice was familiar, but my mind initially refused to place it with a face.
 It was too unbelievable to be real.
 I took a couple more steps, and then looked to my left and was rewarded as an infectious grin slowly appeared on Brandon's face.
 I wanted to say something witty, but the thoughts all just swirled around in my head without making it down to my mouth.

 was standing in front of my door, and he waved me over. I looked up at him, Brandon, my family, myself, and I... When I opened the door, Brandon was sitting alone on the couch and I was on the couch. I walked over to face him. I looked at him, and noticed the picture I was seeing was very similar to.....<eop> "I told you you didn't see any of that." I pointed to the
-
I wanted nothing more of Fannie.
 Nothing more of any of this.
 I didn’t know what I would do, but by the time I reached Chevelle, I knew what I wanted: to retrieve my mother’s things from the vault.
 I would leave this wretched place behind.
 I made my stance more formal to match his as I said, “I want to learn transfer magic.” His mouth tightened and he turned his head, a half shake.
 “You taught me fire,” I argued.
 “For protection, Freya.” “Please,” I begged.
 He hesitated.
 I didn’t know how to convince him.
 Was it too soon for me to learn?

 to use the power of my mother’s magic... I was to use fire,....... I was to learn, transfer magic. I was to, learn. I was going to find,, learn. I was to learn, transfer magic. I was to find, find, learn, find the dead mother’s treasure... find the dead dead mother’s combs, rings, gems,...
-
Why I took you to Hollywood?
 Why I want to make your dreams come true?
 I love you, Marie."
 Marie's breath caught in her throat.
 "I-I .
 .
 .
 I don't .
 .
 ."

 .... I.....<eop> ""'I.............. I.. I I I I... I I... I I I... I... I I... I I I I I I
-
[section break](break.png)
 On his way back home, the threepence jingling in his hand, Harruq spotted a patrol of guards approaching.
 He glanced to the right, where the small alley led back to their shed.
 If he hurried, he might be able to make it before they noticed…
 He was halfway down the alley when he heard a voice call out.
 “Hey!”
 Harruq kept going.
 He was used to harassment and verbal abuse from the guards.
 Once out of sight, though, he was usually out of mind.
 He relied on that as he turned a corner into the small space around their shed.

 , to his left, walked up a ladder on either side of the shed, climbed up the ladder again, and opened the door to his shed. Harruq waited a couple of minutes before another guard, still to his left, approached the door, and gave him a couple of seconds. Even if he was able to make it, he should have noticed him once he reached the top of the shed. Harruq ran down a few feet, a few, a couple of feet, a
-
There is no rational or practical obstacle to the immediate adoption of this measure.
 As a starting point, it can be demonstrated that with the right perspective, courage and commitment, practical immediate solutions are possible for any and all of the conflicts presently raging.
 Recent failures of international diplomacy do not contradict this assertion, they confirm it.
 War must, and can, be abolished.
 Nuclear Weapons
 The threats to future peace come in many forms and at many levels, but unquestionably the most pernicious and potentially devastating is the peril from nuclear weapons.
 The end of the nuclear arms race between the superpowers may have removed the looming fear of all-out nuclear war and annihilation that surfaced in the artistic drawings of young American school children in the mid-1980s, but the horrible genie of Hiroshima and Nagasaki will continue to haunt us until every nuclear weapon has been destroyed.
 The very existence of the nuclear stock piles carries its own inherent dynamism for their utilization, which is likely to be expressed intentionally or accidentally sooner or later.
 There have been repeated efforts by the non-aligned nations to move a resolution in the UN General Assembly that the use of nuclear weapons should be declared a crime against humanity and outlawed.
 One hundred and twenty-six nations have voted for the resolution.

 He is the first to lead the cause of the cause, the cause of war, the cause of the cause, and the cause of peace. He is the first and first to lead the cause of social justice, cause of peace and harmony, the first to lead in the civil rights of the poor. In short, he is the father of freedom and the cause of world peace. He is the father of humanity. He is the father of the true cause of peace for the free world. He
-
Eugene – I can’t explain it.
 I just don’t want to be related to Jerry anymore.
 I want him out of my life for good.
 This is the best way I can think of.
 Art – You’ll always be related to Jerry, he’s your father.
 When was the last time you saw him anyways.
 Eugene – Don’t call him that damn it.
 As far as I’m concerned he isn’t my father.
 I hate that man.
 Hate.

 I hate him so much. Eugene – Don’t..... Jerry isn’t your father isn’t Eugene – Don’t. You made him........ And you’re not his son. Eugene – Art – God, you made him..... Eugene – Art – I can’t tell you why..... I want you to tell me, to tell me why...
-
It says here that you talk to and perform for an imaginary audience in your living room.
 Please go into that.
 Character 1- Uhh yeah….they just show up and I perform for them for tips, it helps pay the rent.
 And it’s a lot of fun too.
 Beats working at McDonalds.
 Doctor – (stifles a giggle) You realize that is crazy ya?
 How do you expect an imaginary audience to give you tips?
 What do they use monopoly money?
 (finally laughs out loud at his/her own joke)  I mean do you use their money to rent Boardwalk?
 Character 1- (looks a little hurt)ummm, no they use real money…its just that most banks wont take such large bills as I get…uhhhh I was kinda wondering….

 they get monopoly money? Uhh...........how do they get it? Oh yes....yes Uhh, I do................... (guess this, yes,..................................
-
Maybe I am here because I just don’t know how to be a father and despite my attempt to be the best father I never had, I have failed miserably!
 Officer White coaches me through the sound check.
 Apparently the microphone at my jacket collar is slipping down and everything is muffled.
 I am told to pull it up, but warned that it might easily disconnect and if it did, the bust would be aborted.
 After some light tugging on the mic to get it between my collar and my neck, Officer White says the sound is good.
 As we talk on the phone, he assures me that I am doing fine and I should continue to hold my position no matter how hard Ashley and Steve try to get me to go to their location.
 The attempt to move me is a tactic the narcotics’ officers know well.
 The goal of the drug dealer will be to get me on his ground and on his terms.
 With so many officers surrounding me in a variety of cars, trucks, vans and on foot around the parking lot acting like patrons of the nearby stores, there is no way they could all uproot and follow me to some new location.
 Not to mention that marked police cars are waiting within striking distance of the retail center.

 , Ashley, Ashley and Steve my phone rings and I decide to head to my room.<eop> I........ I get into the kitchen, I head back to the living room, I get my room and I head to the bedroom. Police, troopers and paramedics wait for me. I....... I go to the bedroom, I open the door. Inside, the room is completely quiet.
-
"No.
 I guess a little, but not like it should.
 You wouldn't hurt me after everything you've done for us."
 "I could kill you without even meaning to.
 You're so fragile.
 All it would take is an accident, a momentary loss of control.
 I really am a monster."
 "No, you're not.
 I don't understand what you are, but you aren't a monster.
 Brandon is.

 "", """, """""""" """ "<eop> """, """, """"" """"""<eop> """ """ """"" """"" """" """ "" "" """""<eop> "" "" " "
-
Ruby came through the door, in a movement that could nearly have been classified as whirling.
 “Come on, Steed.
 We need to set you up outside of town.
 Chevelle is afraid we’re causing a scene in the village.” She laughed lightly.
 It seemed like she was having fun.
 I wondered if that meant she was causing trouble.
 “Don’t think he trusts you with the girl,” Ruby added, smiling playfully.
 “I prefer the outdoors anyway.” Steed dipped toward me, his hand folding his waist in a bow as he stood to go.
 “Sunshine.”
 My head was not up for this at all.

 to get out of the rain again, and... and, get out of the rain,... and.... and...<eop> I didn’t have any better to do..... so I had to do one thing again. I had to get out here again. I needed to get to the village again. “Go...........” I opened the door.<eop> “Go
-
I woke late in the evening when Ruby switched places with Steed.
 She had brought some meat back with her and we supped together before I headed off to bed.
 Ruby didn’t question why I would be sleeping again so soon.
 She was busy being excited about her upcoming trip.
 I didn’t share her enthusiasm, so I retired to my room and read more of the journal.
 There were many sad passages after the passing of the writer’s mother, though their bond didn’t seem traditional.
 It seemed more… formal.
 And there were many complaints about the additional workload, both with the castle duties—which were described in more detail—and her training.
 I couldn’t be sure how much time had passed without the entries being dated, but her mood had definitely shifted.
 Father has been merciless in my practice and testing with Rune.

 to her mother this morning and was upset with her. I had to take her home and talk to her. I was going to take the letter, but I had to change my way of seeing her. I felt like I had to do the one thing. I could see that she was very very sad about her loss of mother. And I had to speak to her and talk to her again. And I had to remind myself that I was supposed to talk to her mother last night.<eop><eod>
-
By the time I met up with Britney in the hall I was emotionally exhausted and could feel an attack hovering in the wings.
 Much as I'd have liked to, I couldn't continue to blow her off.
 She was my only friend, and I definitely didn't want her spreading the kind of rumors about me that she routinely spread about everyone else.
 "Wow, you look like crap.
 Are you going to collapse like you did last night?"
 "Thanks, Brit.
 You look ravishing too, and no, I'm not going to collapse.
 I just haven't been sleeping very well lately.
 I'm probably coming down with something."
 Britney shrugged with the supreme indifference of someone whose world extended only a few feet beyond their immediate person.

 ..." "Maybe it's a lie... "..." "No way, Brit, I'll tell you a lie.... "... Maybe I'm..." "Really? " " " " " " "... " "...... " "..." "" "
-
It was harder to relate the story than I'd expected, but Mallory's cluck of disapproval over Brandon's actions helped a little.
 It made me hope that maybe she wasn't going to hate me for bringing ruin to Alec and the others.
 "I was stumbling in the dark when Simon and Nathanial came for me, only I didn't know it was them, I just saw two enormous wolves running me down.
 If Alec hadn't stopped them I think they probably would've killed me."
 "Undoubtedly, but don't let it bother you, sweetie.
 This has been all but inevitable since Alec's father died.
 From the moment they were born, I could tell that both Alec and Brandon had been gifted with uncommon potential for power."
 My blank look apparently made her take pity on me.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget you're not aware of my special gift.

 " " " " " "No " " " "" " "" " "" " " " " "" " "" "" " " "" " "" " "" " " "<eop> """" " """ " ". " "" "" "
-
There are no free markets.
 The free market system is highly regulated and controlled by the very state over which it claims victory.
 But although in reality both systems are dead, the ideology of the capitalist system lives on and casts an illusory impression of supremacy.
 Rather than searching for a victor and vanquished, the urgent need is to find a successor that combines and synthesizes the enlightened values of both systems – freedom and equality, liberty and security.
 It has been amply proved that the authoritarian state is incapable of exerting a benevolent authority over the people without imposing severe restrictions on freedom, stifling human energy and creativity, leading sooner or later to rising discontent and a loss of social vitality.
 It is also abundantly clear that money as an institution operating through the free pricing mechanism of the market system – although it does succeed in generating high levels of energy, creativity and productivity – regards people as a purchasable commodity or a potential market, but is otherwise indifferent to human values and welfare.
 Neither the determinism of the state nor the determinism of the market can be adequate in themselves to achieve the goals of peace and prosperity that we strive after.
 It has been generally assumed that the transition now taking place in Eastern Europe will sooner or later lead these countries to adopt forms of government and economy identical to those prevalent in the West.
 But for those raised in a society that offered a great measure of social security, the poverty and insecurity of the Western system are gross inadequacies.
 While it is clear that these new democracies have rejected the authoritarian statist system, it is not yet clear what finally they will accept, discover or invent as a more acceptable alternative.

 ........................................ and.... and............ and.... and............. and...... and...............
-
Why was I setting my sights on a boy who was so far out of my league?
 Even if there'd been a chance he might like me, I had absolutely no idea how to proceed.
 Given the option, I would've just hid behind the pillar until everyone left for class, but Britney had made her decision, and was paying for her food.
 Essentially out of time, I took a deep breath and followed her to a table.
 I couldn't help glancing towards Brandon's table one last time.
 I was hoping he was still smiling.
 Maybe he'd seen how awkward I was, but didn't mind.
 Maybe he even thought it was endearing.
 Failing that, I at least hoped he wasn't chuckling with his friends over the new girl's stupid infatuation.
 He wasn't doing either, in fact, he seemed to be very much involved in a conversation with the stocky boy on his right.

 was definitely a hell of a friend, but I didn't want to know him. I didn't really want to know, but I really wanted to know.<eop> Brandon was a boy................. Oh, yeah, Brandon was a boy. His girlfriend was a girl, and she was pretty. Britney was not a friend of Brandon's, in fact, I don't think he had even met
-
This is the only way to keep you safe.
 I can't protect you here.
 I can't even protect my own family."
 He was still trying to disengage my arms from around his neck, but it was obvious he didn't want to hurt me, and I was holding on with everything I had.
 "No, you don't understand.
 This whole time I thought I was in love with Brandon, I didn't even know him.
 You did so much for us and didn't even hate me when I was so rude.
 I've been so stupid, please don't send me away."
 I was halfway to another attack before Alec finally put a finger to my lips and nodded.
 "Very well.

 not going to do this, I guess you understand? "?"<eop> I smiled and nodded. "Yes. "<eop> He started looking at me slowly. "You really have to understand. I have to understand. I really need you. I really." "". "" ". """ "" """"" """ """" """" """"
-
"I've been wanting to bring you up here for a while.
 I used to come up here a lot when I was younger.
 It was kind of an escape after everyone started gaining their wolf form.
 We were all so closely matched sometimes it seemed like we were always scuffling to establish who was dominant."
 He'd sunk down beside me while he was talking, resting with his hands behind his head so he could look up at the few thinly-stretched clouds.
 I took the opportunity to move closer, cuddling up next to him.
 I didn't bother looking up at the sky.
 Truth be told, I had all the beauty I needed right in front of me.
 His slight start as my head came to rest on his arm was disappointing but entirely predictable.
 He adjusted my blanket slightly so it was between us and then pulled me closer.

 my head to rest on his arm, slowly pulled me close to him, gently lifted my head, my face down to his chest and stomach, then brought me down to his lap. He took my nipple in his mouth and a couple of fingers down into his hand. "You gonna kiss me?" He took a finger, then a couple of thumb, a finger and a half of my hand into his mouth and then again. I had to latch my head back to rest on his
-
BG: 	Well, we can….
 CM: 	Quickly…
 BG:  	I played on one of The Byrds albums, played an upright bass and sang background.
 It’s the, what did they call it?
 Five D album?
 Anyway, that‘s me in the credits, Gary Buddrend.
 CM: 	Quickly, let’s run through some of your contemporaries—just gimme the first thing that comes to your mind.
 BG: 	Word association.
 CM:  	Sort of.
 BG:  	Am I being tested?

 . MC: Yeah. MC: Yeah.. MC:... MC:....... MC:....... MC:.......... MC:....................
-
“I know the way,” Qurrah said, his eyes lingering on the whip curled about his right arm.
 “Their nightmares are crying out to me.
 You have prepared them, haven’t you master?”
 The man in black nodded.
 “They know death is coming.
 So go.”
 Qurrah bowed once more and then began walking west.
 Harruq followed.
 As the two left his sight Velixar broke out in hysterical laughter.
 “Yes, I do believe the time has come,” the man said to his master.

 ,.,.,............................................. The man in black told him to bow once again........................................
-
His matches had ended faster than the others.
 His body’s balance of strength and speed were at full advantage in hand-to-hand fighting.
 He fought three others at the end of the afternoon; all three had won their group of matches.
 Rodregas thought that they might have been tough opponents if they had not been so beaten up.
 Between the natural durability of his body and the minor Sigil of Healing though, he was feeling fine.
 The knights were clearly trying to find the best five among the competitors.
 They were not necessarily trying to find out who was the best among the five.
 Rodregas watched several fighters that clearly were of the blood or had minor sigils, but he did not fight any that could have offered him a real challenge.
 At the end, after he defeated his final opponents, they tied a bright yellow ribbon to his upper arm and wrote down his name as a top five finisher.
 The top five got bright yellow arm bands, the sixth to tenth finishers white bands, the eleventh through fifteenth red bands, sixteenth through twentieth blue bands and twenty-first to twenty-fifth received a green band.

 his arm and began to use his arms for the last time. The bands started again the next day; the five bands were yellow, red, blue and orange, green, orange, yellow and orange, yellow and red, yellow and orange, orange, red and yellow and the blue. He began the first day with a bright yellow band. Then the orange and a red, the blue, orange and a red, the blue and a yellow, the red and an orange, orange and a blue
-
I collapsed onto all fours, hardly noticing the burning pain from my damaged palms, and let the racking sobs take over.
 I probably would've stayed there all night if not for the howling.
 It'd been going for several seconds before it pulled me back from the mental abyss I'd been so eagerly approaching.
 I looked around blankly for several more heartbeats before I finally managed to place the noise.
 Wolves.
 There weren't supposed to be any wolves in the area, but there wasn't any ignoring my ears.
 I numbly pulled myself back up, and began stumbling back towards the party, only to stop as another howl echoed down through the canyon.
 It was between me and everyone else.
 I turned and started into a shuffling run.
 Maybe the wolf would be attracted to the noise and light.

 heard it too, then it'd be between me and the party. I ran for a long long time, and every time I tried to place the noise again, it pulled me back into a dark pit. It's like a wolf never wants to be in the company of the other wolves, just wants to kill me. I hate that. Maybe I'll be able to find out tonight.<eop> *** *** *** ***.... ***........
-
Qurrah broke the silence.
 “Woodhaven is behind us,” he said.
 “I have made mistakes, as has my brother.
 I saw you leave with him, and I know you sacrificed much to protect him.
 For this, I thank you.
 All I ask is that we speak naught of this again.
 If we are to travel together, it is my only wish.”
 “A wish gladly granted,” Aurelia said, a tiny smile finally cracking free.
 “So where is it we should go?”
 Qurrah glanced at his brother and shrugged.

 , no..... the......................... this is as far back as you want to go. But it will have to wait........ it is my wish, and Aurelia, I wish you all for it, but.....”<eop> “Yes, no, my brother...... it has to be
-
Could blow a barrelful of sax.
 But, they never talked music, never.
 I would question them about the band, what it was like performing, what particular songs they played.
 They would keep switching the conversation, keep it moving away from music and onto neutral topics like TV shows or the church.
 And, it took me years to figure out what was going on.
 It was my mother, see.
 She thought music was not the kind of career a really useful cog in society’s machine should pursue.
 And she would be damned if her child was going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
 Why I never heard my dad practice at the house.
 Why, even his record collection of big band and swing music stayed dusty.

 never heard my dad. Why I never heard him play. I did never hear him to play. And why I never heard my dad play or practice at the house.<eop> I mean, I don’t know why. I never heard my dad play. But, my dad went to the music in the 80s, went to the clubs, the bars, and the clubs, and clubs and clubs, and went out to hear the bands. And I know why.<eop> I don’t
-
“Fine.” He turned to me.
 “Jazell, you’ll aim for the belly while we hold it off.
 If you can’t get an arrow in before I can cut off the stinger, then I’ll have to do it myself.” “Fine boss dude,” I said with a snort.
 Seth ducked and charged the creature, his sword held out behind him.
 Jason flicked some knives into his wrist and flung them at the creature.
 Some hit their mark, which was signaled by the creature roaring out in pain, others fell into the dirt.
 Emily danced close to it, spinning fire from her fingertips.
 The creature raised a leg and swatted at her but she just twirled away.
 The stinger narrowly missed Seth, and I saw him stumble back in surprise.
 He swung his sword at the stinger.

 to him.<eop> Seth got hold of the stinger. He stood up, swung the sword, and aimed at the creature. He swung it and it hit him.<eop> Seth turned to Jason, and he threw the sword back to the creature. Seth was too late for the sword to fall, but it hit the stinger and it was able to go to him.<eop> Jason threw his sword at the creature, and it went to him. Seth turned to Jason, and he threw the sword
-
Not long ago, Mark did a tour as an Army psychologist in Iraq.
 Jaime recently earned a Master of Arts degree from Perelandra College, which Pam and I founded about eight years ago, and which I essentially run.
 The college is one of the occupations that keeps me rushing around, the condition that originally clued me I should read Brother Lawrence.
 Pam and I believed God was asking us to found the college to make a place for people in general and Christians in particular who wanted to become writers to discover what they honestly believe, and to write with courage from their unique visions.
 Thinking of Jaime, I can’t begin to lament the virtually endless hurdles we've been called upon to jump in order to earn and maintain the college’s licensing, accreditation and the rest.
 Jaime's thesis is superb.
 A novella about a young woman whose Christian parents, when their daughter finds herself in extreme trouble, appear more concerned with remaining in accord with their church than with helping or even trying to understand their daughter.
 Its honesty touches my heart.
 Jaime and I spend a day roaming the city, with an hour stop at the Seattle Mystery Bookstore, which played a role in the final scene of Road Kill, an account of a book tour my friend Alan and I did together.
 At several of the tour stops, including Seattle and Portland, Mike Connelly joined us.

 with a small group of friends, Jaime, I enjoyed a quick lunch, and then some dinner with the rest of the group. After dinner, Mike and Connelly left us, Mike left the book tour, and my friend Alan and I went to the car, refueling on the way to the city. We drove to both Portland and Seattle on the way back, stopping in a couple of places along the way.<eop> After hours on the road, Jaime returned to the tour, and I
-
A small bouquet of flowers lay on the bottom of the box.
 She lifted them up, smiling at the violets, blues, and reds.
 “That’s sweet Harruq, but why?”
 “Just to, you know.” He kicked a rock.
 “Wanted to thank you for sparring with me,” he said.
 “They’re beautiful,” Aurelia said as she inhaled the aroma.
 “But why the box?”
 Harruq turned a new shade of red.
 “Well, I’d look weird walking down the street with those flowers in hand.
 I do have a reputation to keep.”

 a rock. “Good. You have done a lot in my life and I would like to spar with you.” She smiled. “That sounds nice.” She moved in front of the box bringing a new flower to the top of her bouquet. “Look at the flowers.....” She held a bouquet of flowers....red, blue, green, purple, pink......” The new rose turned a red... “..
-
Abundant opportunities exist to eradicate hunger, but in the absence of a catastrophic event, serious effort is lacking.
 Famine attracts media coverage, political and public attention, but chronic hunger does not.
 With global food surpluses accumulating, an organized effort can ensure food security for people everywhere.
 The challenge of achieving food security for all human beings is complex, for it depends on the interaction between multiple factors – technological initiatives to produce sufficient food; economic initiatives to stimulate sufficient employment opportunities and increase purchasing power; political initiatives to maintain a peaceful and stable environment, undisturbed by war or social unrest that can interfere with food distribution; and administrative initiatives to provide for those who are unable to provide for themselves due to poverty or during times of emergency.
 Peace, democracy, employment and food security are mutually interdependent.
 The efforts proposed to promote peace, democracy and employment generation will mitigate the problem of food security to a considerable extent.
 In addition, Chapter Five of the Commission’s report highlights direct interventions that are needed to address the problem at the level of agricultural productivity, among which the following are particularly relevant in the present context:
 Farm Productivity: The attraction of high technology service industries should not blind us to the fact that a large section of humanity still depends on agriculture as its main source of income and livelihood.
 Farm productivity in these countries is typically less than a fourth or fifth the average attained by other countries.
 Low agricultural productivity results in high cost food, low rural incomes and limited employment opportunities, both on farm and in downstream industries.

 is also important for the development of the rural economies of the many developing countries, both in the economic development of agricultural and rural and in downstream industries. About a quarter of a billion working people, both in developing and developed countries, are directly dependent on agriculture. Governments need to acknowledge this reality. In order to achieve both economic and social growth, development and progress in agriculture must be based on sound principles, in relation to the development of the agriculture sector, and in relation to the development of the
-
Harruq pressed closer, and every time the elf pulled out of a roll or landed from a leap backward, he was upon her.
 Notch after notch covered her staff as the swords chopped harder and harder.
 His strength grew as the fight progressed.
 He held nothing back.
 He weaved his swords through three stabs, feinted a high slash, and then twirled up and around for a low thrust.
 Aurelia fell for the feint and brought her staff up high, leaving her lower half exposed.
 Her slender frame twisted.
 A sword cut a thin line across the green fabric of her dress but did not touch skin.
 She thought Harruq might stop and claim the cut counted.
 He didn’t.

 the elf held her back and took the sword to her. There she was...... his sword to her... his sword to her... her sword to her... her sword to her.... to her........ to her her friends.... to her family to her.... to....... to....
-
BG: 	Move on, man.
 CM:  	At this point in your life, Buddy, are you a religious man?
 Some of your work hints at it—but it’s subtext, it’s buried.
 BG: 	Lately, for whatever reasons, I have been thinking more about the spiritual side of the human animal than ever I have in my previous twenty-some year tenure on Spaceship Earth.
 It probably has to do with getting older, finding my stability in Lor.
 Time at least to take a peak into the spiritual caldron.
 There are miracles, it might cause one to whisper, alone in the dark.
 I’m not comfortable, really, man, talking about my numinous side, as interesting as I think that is.
 I want to ask a lot of questions, without presuming there are always answers.
 Like, where do lares and penates, where does religion, fit in with this cynical lifestyle we’ve adopted, or that we’ve carefully constructed?

 CM: I really want to ask more about my mala side. I want to ask more about my pagan side. It’s very interesting to discuss the spiritual sides and the evil sides, the spiritual and the pagan sides, mala side, and the good and the evil. I want to discuss the spiritual and good sides of the evil side, and the evil and bad side of the side. Both the good and the evil of the side of God, and both the
-
“I have also seen your brother meeting the strange man in black of the ever- changing face.
 What is his name, Harruq?
 What is it he offers you?”
 “You’re out of your mind.”
 The tip buried in deeper.
 The elf lowered his face so the fury in his eyes was all Harruq could see.
 “Yes, I am out of my mind.
 I will let you live.
 Until Aurelia sees you for what you are, I will spare your life.
 But know I will be watching you, and I will be watching your brother.

 ’t help me if I’m going to kill you.<eop> I want to protect you, Harruq...,..,,.,.,. ....,,... But I won’t. I won’t actually kill you. I won’t hold you up for what you are. I won’t see you for what
-
She would never stop loving Rick.
 After breakfast Marie felt restless and agreed to her mother's suggestion that they go shopping.
 But they'd no sooner begun browsing through the first shop than she began feeling panicky.
 She made herself look at dresses while her mother made her selections, but she wasn't paying attention.
 "I'm going to buy this one," Mrs. Tranton said, holding up a navy blue dress.
 "It's lovely."
 "Haven't you found anything you like?"
 "No."
 "Well, maybe next door."
 But once Mrs. Tranton had paid for her dress, Marie said, "Mother, do you mind if we go home?

 ," """.""""."""" ""."".""""."".""."""".".""..""." """."" "....".""".""""...".".".""...".......".".".
-
When she'd walked into 2011, she'd been frightened out of her mind.
 It had been so fantastic, so strange and sudden.
 She’d needed to make everything right, to make her life .
 .
 .
 normal .
 .
 .
 again.
 But if she'd met Rick here, fallen in love with him, and then had to-to go to China or somewhere with him and never seen her family again, would she have done it?

 had with her best friends, she had with her husband, with her kids.... she had with her best friend, she with her aunts.... with her other best friends... with her best friends, her family....?.??. with her husband.... her boyfriend...???
-
"So snow's always been a pretty key ingredient sounds like."
 "I guess.
 It hadn't really sunk in that we wouldn't be getting any of that this year.
 A month ago I would have thought that was a good thing, that it would be one less thing to remind me of Dad and Cindi.
 I think I might actually miss it this year though."
 I rested my head against Alec's shoulder.
 "It doesn't really matter.
 The important thing now is that we're together for Christmas.
 Beyond that I don't really care what happens."
 I was still safely wrapped in my blanket so Alec pulled me into a hug.

 ""," "", ", """, "", "", """, """, """"", "", I don't know """, I really know """" """"""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""
-
It was heading through the woods in the direction of my house.
 I swore under my breath and took off for the woods.
 My feet crunched on the fallen branches and leaves.
 I could see the creature ahead of me.
 I didn’t have much time.
 I placed my bag on the ground and crossed my legs.
 I started to grab my phone but stopped.
 I didn’t need to tell the others, it was just one.
 And if I was lucky, it would be an easy take down.
 I closed my eyes and began my mental countdown.

 ....................................... into the forest. I picked up my bag and phone and headed to the house............................................
-
He landed on his feet and lunged at the necromancer, the blades of his bow leading.
 “Be gone!” Velixar roared, the sound of a daemon unleashed.
 Dieredon fought, but it felt as if a thousand hands pulled him back.
 Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
 A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
 He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
 Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.
 The blades retracted, and in the heartbeat it took him to draw two arrows, a thin string materialized in the air, ready to be drawn.
 The elf fired the arrows.
 Velixar laughed as they pierced into his stomach and chest.

 ........................ deep in his chest, he drew the blade of his bows into the air.......... arrows into the air.......... arrows into the elf’s chest, into his throat, into the heart..................
-
Yeah, that was actually Lorelei’s idea, that we should include this little hidden tribute to Jimi in the song for her.
 She was like all humble about the song being named for her.
 LE:  	I’m not sure it was my idea.
 BG: 	It was.
 It fucking was.
 You said, play that beautiful part of Jimi’s song.
 This was on my twelve-string.
 And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.
 That’s just so right.
 CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?

 : Yeah, wow. I just think about it. I mean, really. I mean, when I got that guitar, I just.... it was coming to me. I just wanted it. I just wanted to sing that part of Jimi Hendrix’s song, man. BG? LE:. CM: Yeah.. ..? LE: Yeah,...
-
"What makes you think that?"
 "Hollywood is so romantic.
 And so exciting--dancing and parties and movie stars--we could have dinner with Pickford and Fairbanks and watch them film their pictures .
 .
 .
 I imagine there are always lights and music in the streets .
 .
 ."
 "You have quite an imagination."
 "Could we go there sometime?

 """"""""""""""""""""""""""""" """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
She jumped up to kiss his cheek again.
 Marie couldn't sleep that night.
 She was going to Hollywood!
 She wouldn't be able to see Mary Pickford or Douglas Fairbanks, but maybe she'd see some of her new favorites, like Mel Gibson and Julia Roberts.
 She managed to doze a little but was wide awake before dawn.
 Deciding to do an aerobics tape until it was light enough to walk in the garden, she put on her workout clothes and went downstairs.
 She didn't know how she was going to be able to wait two entire days.
 She was so excited that she felt like she could run all the way to Hollywood.
 After 45 minutes of aerobics, she still wasn't tired!
 She wouldn't be able to sit still and watch TV today.

 on the bed and then got up in the morning. She made her way back up to the bedroom.......<eop> Marie stood up.......<eop> She was lying down on the bed...... Marie was making her way up to the living room..... into the kitchen... the bathroom.... into the garden.....<eop> She walked back into the bedroom....<eop> She
-
Rodregas looked around the arena to make sure no one was left to fight and then headed into the great hall, carrying the shield of the tournament champion.
 As he walked the hallway into the main hearing chamber, knights stood along the walls.
 As Rodregas passed they all mumbled the same words to him, “Welcome to the Order my brother.” Several reached out and shook his hand or showed other signs of welcome.
 Others, though, looked at him strangely, clearly put off by the way he had won the melee.
 He felt a little unsteady, not sure what to make of both the welcome and the uncomfortable looks.
 As he passed through the doors in the main hearing chamber, the Grand Marshal stood at the far end waiting.
 In the chamber were both knights and squires.
 Many smiled; he thought a few looked like the ones in the hall, not sure what to think of this new knight.
 Rodregas was not surprised that when he started to kneel in front of the Grand Marshal, for Van’dret to step forward and speak.
 “Grand Marshal, you are not really thinking of knighting this fiend, are you?

 one side of the room, to the other side of the hall said, “My brother.” He brought a spear. He came to him, and told him to bring the sword. Into the room came a knight with a spear. He came to the other with a dagger and said to bring the sword. Then the other knight came to one side and brought a sword. “My brother got up and brought a sword. He came to him, and to the other brought a sword.
-
I froze as he spoke low, his breath on my neck sending a shiver through me.
 “Stay.
 Still.” He was gone.
 He moved so fast it took a moment to understand.
 The hood of the cloak was drawn over my head, Chevelle standing a good distance away, facing the trees.
 I was watching him as two men drew near.
 I hadn’t seen them; they must have been concealed, or camouflaged by magic as I had been days before.
 The tassels decorating their long robes identified them as members of council, but I wasn’t familiar with the two.
 They mustn’t have been from the village.
 As they approached Chevelle cautiously, I examined their insignia.

 ....... The hood of the cloak pulled over him. I leaned over the tree, pulling the hood closed. The hood of the cloak approached him, sniffing his bare head and neck. He did not want to be members of the council........ He wanted to be. He had to.... He had....... He was members of the council. He had to.... He wanted to
-
I hesitantly returned Rachel's tentative smile, and then dug into my homework.
 Mrs. Campbell stopped by for a few minutes, obviously checking to make sure that I was over my aberrant behavior from yesterday.
 I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
 I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.
 As much as I would have liked to just call it a day, another good effort added to what I'd done earlier would put me two or maybe even three days ahead of my personal schedule.
 With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
 Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
 Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
 I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.
 Only it didn't look like that was going to be the case.

 it would be nice to have some extra class time to study time, but I'd be happy for it to be a day when the work was behind me, and the class was going to do all the rest for me. It would take a little longer than just to finish the homework before the next student was able to take all the time to finish it. I was going to sit back in the chair, and take the time I needed to study. I felt like that, because that was
-
A frail form in rags followed from inside the house, a mirror image in looks but for the paler skin and lack of muscle.
 “You saw nothing,” this second half-orc said to him before following the warrior.
 Antonil struggled to his feet, shaking his head all the while.
 “It keeps getting stranger,” he muttered.
 He took a step and immediately regretted it.
 As his leg throbbed, he yanked the arrow out.
 His armor had kept it from penetrating too deeply, the barbs unable to latch onto any soft flesh.
 Of course it still hurt like the abyss, but he could deal with that.
 What he could not deal with, however, was how few in number his soldiers had become.
 More than four of his own men lay dead around him, joined by three dead elves, five if he counted the two the half-orc had thrown through the doorway.

 his eyes back to the door.<eop> One of the other guards had come back into the room just as the guards were gone, and Antonil stumbled out of the doorway, longing for the dark darkness to surround the both of them. He stumbled out of the room and grabbed his backpack, and the door slowly opened to his right. Antonil was standing in a crouch at the end of the door, facing the wall. He rose to his feet, picked up the arrow, and pulled it
-
I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.
 The girl had told us more than we had thought.
 Maybe Kojas thought we would both imagine that he did something to the other two so that we would come running to him.
 I had a feeling that Emily and Jason were okay and just as confused as us.
 That also meant that Kojas knew as much, and maybe more than us.
 *** Emily pushed herself into sitting position, ignoring the sharp pains in her elbows and knees.
 Jason was leaning against a tree nearby, tossing a knife from hand to hand.
 She saw a deep, red scratch on his left cheek and the way he winced every time he moved his right arm, she could tell she must have injured it.
 “Do you know where the others are?” she asked him.

 "Yeah, but at the end of the day, I'm....."<eop> “Hello, Emily, it is....."<eop> "You going to stay with me?"<eop> I asked her more questions. Finally, she said, "I’m okay. I am going to let you stay with me. I know that you're really okay. You are going to be okay....”<eop> "Oh..
-
"There's nothing like a tragedy to draw a family together."
 He smiled at his parents.
 "Are you serious?"
 "Yes."
 He stroked her hair as he gazed down at her.
 "We were all out of our minds with terror and grief.
 None of us could just sit still.
 I kind of oversaw the private investigators that Father hired.
 And we felt better being all together.
 Somewhere along the way Father and I worked out our differences."

 "No." He looked down to his mother, smiling. "Yes."""""".""""""."""".""""""""."""""" down to the floor. "Yes.""""".""."""."""".""""""."""""."""""""""
-
Since I have the book with me, I pull into a turnout overlooking the Pacific, find the passage and reread it.
 "To love someone as oneself, in accordance with Christ's commandment, is impossible.
 The love of personality is binding on earth.
 The self stands in the way.
 Christ could do it, but Christ was an eternal ideal, toward which man strives and must strive, by the law of nature.
 Meanwhile, after the appearance of Christ, as the ideal of man in the flesh, it became as clear as day that the highest, the final development of personality must come to this: that the person should recognize and with the full force of his nature be convinced that the highest someone can make of his self is to annihilate this self, as it were—to give it totally to each and every one, individually and unselfishly.
 And this is the greatest happiness."
 The ocean is cornflower blue, like the sky above the Tia Juana River long ago.
 Far offshore, an oil rig appears to bob.
 And I sense, or at least imagine, that everything we need to know is in that passage I just read.

 , that the love of personality is true and the best of human nature, that we should love the self in accordance with Christ, and that the love of the human being and of human nature that is the most important ingredient in the source of all love and happiness.<eop> "Let us love someone in the flesh, as self as Christ is.... and this is the highest love of personality," I read, as I was reading the book. "And this is the
-
A woman opened the door.
 "May I help you?"
 "Mrs.
 Tranton?"
 Rick asked.
 "No.
 I don't know anyone in the neighborhood by that name."
 "Thank you--sorry to have bothered you."
 Rick had to take Marie's arm and guide her back to the car.
 "Listen--we'll go to the library and see what we can find about time travel,” he told her as he slid behind the wheel.

 ......""......."..."..."...."..... and the first... and then the first...."...."........... the first, and the first........"...., and the first, and the second, and the first..."
-
It is too early to predict the eventual outcome in Yugoslavia, subject as it is to extraordinary external constraints on public policy.
 However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.
 It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
 Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East
 Conditions within the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia vary significantly enough to limit the scope for broad generalizations on strategy beyond the statement of principles presented in this chapter.
 However, there are a number of specific recommendations applicable to all or most of these countries that can be applied to accelerate the pace and ease the pain of transition.
 1.Generate consensus for the transition programme: The transition should be an expression of the will of the society for change and it should help generate greater unity and harmony within the society.
 Further attempts to put through any macro-economic reform package will meet with strong political and social resistance unless a national consensus on the strategy is arrived at beforehand.
 Any programme involves a set of choices regarding which are the most accept able costs and important benefits.
 Before launching new initiatives, governments should conduct public inquiries and debate alternative packages of policies and practices.

 cases, the national consensus needs to be a reliable source of information to the public on which policies can be adopted to improve the environment, accelerate the growth of the country, enhance economic growth, promote peace and stability in society. We should intensify efforts to establish a framework for implementing transition programmes.<eop> It is also important that the framework should be broad and flexible, as the generalizations suggest. For example, the majority of the 25 countries of the Eastern Europe, East and Central Asia continue to adopt
-
Qurrah frowned as he glanced from his prize to his brother, who sat against a tree, arms on his knees.
 “Take pride in all you do,” Qurrah said.
 “Only then will you improve.”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “You need me?”
 The smaller half-orc opened the bag he carried.
 Inside were ashes, roots, herbs, and a sharpened knife: all Qurrah needed to work his art.
 “No.
 You may go.”
 Harruq rose, glanced at the body, and then departed.

 .............................. He gazed at the corpse of the elf.............................................................
-
With you, there isn't any obvious reason, but I think that Dominic has probably hit upon the root of the matter."
 His pause this time wasn't just to collect his thoughts; I could tell he was tempted not to tell me whatever he was thinking.
 "You know that our legends indicate a belief we were created in order to watch over and protect humans?
 Well, Dominic believes that your light represents a defense mechanism.
 We don't know of any accounts where humans have burned so brightly, but it's possible the primitive parts of you, the ones that remember what it was like to be watched over by our kind, hit upon a way to call for help from us, while not admitting a problem to your own kind."
 He was being so vague that it took me several seconds to follow the explanation to its logical conclusion.
 "So you're saying that I was, am, so broken I glow so your people would be able to pull me aside and fix me."
 His nod was hesitant, but my wan smile seemed to reassure him somewhat.
 "I guess that makes sense.
 Nobody likes to be told there's something wrong with them, but I can't exactly say everything is just Jim Dandy.

 , "Yes, I, am, Dominic."<eop> "Why would you say that?"<eop> "Because I don't know the answer, but I like it. I don't want to know. I don't want to have to agree with you......"<eop> "Well, what isn't wrong..... Did I just......?"<eop> "Um,...
-
She thought music was not the kind of career a really useful cog in society’s machine should pursue.
 And she would be damned if her child was going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
 Why I never heard my dad practice at the house.
 Why, even his record collection of big band and swing music stayed dusty.
 My mother squelched my father, I think.
 Held him back.
 I think my father was a man with a lot of soul, a lot of creativity that just festered, just rotted inside him like cancer, until, well, it turned to cancer and that killed him.
 CM:  	But, he was a lifelong smoker.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 People die from cigarettes.

 I die from cigarettes. BG: But, I hate cigarettes. I hate a ton of them. CM: But, a..., a... a...... smokes, a it’s a.... a it’s not a... smokes, it’s a.., a.....
-
She caught her breath when he raised her hand again to lick the sauce from her thumb.
 "Rick," she moaned at last, tugging her hand free.
 "This is one thing I have to talk to my mother about."
 "What?"
 "How your touch makes me feel."
 She released a shaky sigh, hiding her hands in her lap.
 "Everything you do makes me feel this way.
 When you kiss me, when you kiss my neck, when you pressed me against the car.
 And yesterday when you kissed my back.
 No one else has ever made me feel like this.

 it in her other hand, swishing the sauce out of her mouth again. "I can't do that... I cannot..." "Rick, what are you going to do..."<eop> "If I feel like this...." I feel like this...<eop> "Please." "Rick...."<eop> "You really think you can make me feel like this..
-
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Dedication I dedicate this book to my wife Lisa, the one person who has been with me through more ups and downs than anyone could ever imagine.
 You never know when or if the perfect person will appear.
 The fateful night I set eyes on her set in motion everything that would happen to me for the rest of my life.
 I couldn’t be happier that I was fortunate enough to be in the right place at the perfect time to meet my soul mate.
 She is the most beautiful person, both inside and out.
 She has been an inspiration for me and making her happy is the goal of my life.
 We are best friends, confidants, partners, and true lovers and together we are one.
 I can’t imagine my existence without her, and I know that everything I am and all I will become is shaped by her genuine kindness.
 Meeting Lisa is the most important defining moment in my life.

 never meet her again, but I am going to love her, because I love her, I have amazing feelings about her, and I think I will have a lot of love for her. Therefore, Lisa to me to be the most important defining moment in my life. There is no doubt that Lisa is the person she and I are the most part of my life. She is a huge part of my life and Lisa is going to be the most defining moment of my life. The book is the
-
Emily, tell us what to do.” “Alright, boss,” she said sarcastically.
 “Everyone come over.” We walked over to her and the dragon with Seth leaning on Jason.
 The dragon was lying on the ground, watching us closely.
 Its long, leathery wings were tucked neatly on each of its sides.
 It snorted as Emily climbed onto its back.
 I stared at her, starting to think she was a little crazy.
 “Come on!” she said and patted the dragon's back.
 “Do you think that you're too heavy?
 Well, you aren't, so get on his back.” I walked over and climbed onto the dragon's back.
 Jason half hauled Seth on the dragon's back, and Seth almost fell on me.

 got back to my feet, the dragon's back started to sway, and I climbed on Seth, and I hung up on the dragon, Seth crawled on my back. Seth and Jason climbed on the dragon's back and crawled over me. Once Seth was on the dragon's back, Jason crawled over me. I rolled over and Jason hung up on the dragon, and Seth crawled over me on the back of the dragon and I spent the rest of the night on him.<eop><eod>
-
She had a thick, beautiful Spanish accent.
 For a second I was torn between complimenting her on it and asking her what cielos meant.
 I finally just settled on faking a smile and thanking her.
 She smiled at me.
 "No need to thank me.
 My name is Dominic by the way."
 A few seconds later I was standing alone, nervously facing my house.
 Alec suddenly appeared at my side.
 I jumped a little at the surprise.
 "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you."

 .....<eop> ". a..."<eop> '..................'<eop> '.. a... I........'<eop>. a..<eop> '............<eop> a......<eop> '.............
-
“In time, the burden of sustaining life in them will seem weightless.
 Until then, let me bear it.
 Look at me.”
 Qurrah did, his eyes red and his face wet.
 “Yes master?” he asked.
 No weakness tainted his voice.
 The man in black put a hand on either side of Qurrah’s face and drew him close.
 “Become a god among men,” he whispered.
 “Remain faithful to me, and to Karak, and I shall see it come to pass.”
 Qurrah nodded but said nothing.

 a......... a...................., a. a......................., a. a............, one of you.....................
-
I pictured my son and his willingness to do anything to get his next fix.
 When I arrived at home I called Officer White’s phone and told him I had a drug deal set up with Steve and Ashley and they wanted one hundred Oxy pills.
 To say he was shocked would be an understatement.
 He wanted to know how I did this and was I sure it was Steve, as well as numerous other questions.
 I told him that he had told me he didn’t want to know anything, and I preferred to keep it that way for now.
 I did give Officer White enough information so he was sure I had the right people.
 I just needed to know when and where the narcotics squad wanted to do this deal and what I needed to do next.
 The Officer was excited at the opportunity to get this guy and he arranged me coming to the police station so I could make the call to set up the one hundred Oxy pill deal on a recorded phone line.
 The drug deal itself would happen later and I would need to be evasive and the where and the when as to the actual exchange of money for drugs.
 I was told to call her from my phone and tell her I would call her tomorrow around noon.

 it was then that I made a second call to the police station and asked her to tell me what I had on the line to see if there was any use for the drugs. Again I was told that it was my personal job to make a call to Steve and Ashley and to make a call to Ashley from the police station. I went to my phone and asked for the number of mine to get a phone number from Ashley. I gave it to the Officer and the police. I went to the
-
She wasn't disappointed.
 First they went to the "Water World" show.
 Marie gasped as some-some .
 .
 .
 motorcycles on water crisscrossed the lake.
 "How do they do that?"
 "Do what?"
 "Those motorcycles.
 How do they go on the water?"

 , "",", """, """", """,""""""""", "",""""", """, """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""...""""...""""""
-
The Immortalist Sorcerer in the form of a tall athletic human female with spectacular long red hair and blue eyes gave Van’dret a silent glare before responding.
 “Last night at the arena party you agreed to ask Van’dret where Oreintvenir is,” She replied in a clear clipped voice.
 “Actually,” Van’dret responded, “I think I said that my visit to his solar would be a perfect opportunity to ask him if he knew the location of our missing Grand Master.” “So why did you not take advantage of the opportunity?
 If anyone knows where Oreintvenir is; it is Taiga” “My lovely Gracella, you are an Immortalist of impressive power and intellect.
 But we are Immortalist, time is on our side and Grand Master Oreintvenir has been gone for less than a year.
 It is not unusual for one of his power to be gone for such a length of time.
 He could be anywhere on this world or beyond it.
 There is no need to be in such a... rush to ask questions.” “Van’dret doesn’t play your word games with me, you know, and I know that this is not a normal disappearance.
 Not with one of the great cosmic alignments coming in such a short time.
 Neither of us would be surprised if Taiga had killed him and taken his place.

 would not believe him. We hope that this means he has not lost his grand master. If he is... well, he is an anomaly. He is beyond the universe..................,..,..., and so it is only fitting that you ask me.<eop> Gracella, I’m not here to talk... about Oreintvenir. You know, he is a
-
There’s no need for me to worry any of you.
 That’s why I didn’t say anything.” “I still don’t care, Seth.” I said.
 He made a face, “Jazell I really don’t know if I should say anything…” I interrupted him again, “Seth just give up trying to talk me into not listening.
 It’s a waste of breath.” I took my own stick and threw it at him.
 He ducked, of course, and it landed on the ground.
 “What if whatever you’re not telling us happens and we never knew?
 How would that help anyone?” He looked down and mumbled something that sounded like, “You couldn’t help.” When he looked back up he said, “Fine you win, I’ll tell you.” He didn’t sound happy about it.
 “I’m waiting.” “You know, when Emily asked for any warnings that we were given?” “Yeah.” I had a bad feeling where this was going.
 “I lied.” I blinked in amazement.
 “You lied to Emily?

 didn’t tell her, because I just wanted to let her know.” He started to cry.<eop> I interrupted him, “No, I really didn’t care if you could tell me what you knew.” “No. I didn’t have to tell you.” “You never knew anything, Seth. I really don’t care what what you want to tell me about...” I didn’t know how to say this. “I’m going to
-
"Why didn't you bring any of those clothes with you?"
 "They-they aren't in style here."
 She thought of the shorts and jeans and white sundress Rick had bought her.
 She definitely wouldn't have had any use for them here.
 And of course, the bathing suit.
 Marie grew warm as she remembered how Rick always stared at her whenever she wore her bathing suit.
 He'd told her she was beautiful and sexy.
 "Marie?"
 "Hmmm?"
 "I asked where you'd like to have lunch."

 through the door. ""You hungry?" Marie asked. "Yes,..." She knew he'd sat her in the back of the car after taking a photo of her clothes.<eop> Marie forced a smile and hugged him. "I,..." I...," Marie said. ""I,..."<eop> "I know, I'm sorry," Rick said warmly.
-
How could she have walked from her garden into the future?
 Rick squeezed her arm.
 "I know.
 I'm confused too.
 This isn't possible."
 She looked up at him.
 "Is this Meadows Street?"
 "No.
 I don't know where Meadows Street is.
 This is Stuart Street."

 Stuart Street," Stuart Street," Stuart Street," """," """," ""'".."" ""'," """," """," ""","" """," "", "","" "","" ""," """," """"," "
-
It felt good, like a connection, and I slid the leather chain over my head, pulling the pendant down to rest on my chest.
 It felt right there and I knew I should have been wearing it all along.
 As I let go, I realized I’d gotten blood on my hands, so I headed to the hall and poured water from the pitcher into a ceramic basin.
 Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.
 But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
 When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
 For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
 I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.
 I lingered there, clutching it tight in my hand.

 back up to the mirror and shook my hand. My right hand was on the silver leather chain. I rested it on my shoulder, pulling the pendant onto my chest. I carefully worked the water up to the end of the chain. Standing up, I took the pendant from my hand and attached it to the silver chain, dipping it into the pitcher of water. I stared into the mirror and ran the water through it, looking at the stone and the nest of hair standing in the dark hallway.
-
Let him swear his life to me.”
 “As you wish, my master,” Qurrah said with a bow.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Hey Aurry, I got something for you!”
 Harruq tramped into the clearing, his two swords sheathed.
 Aurelia waited there, her arms crossed.
 “A present from a half-orc,” she said.
 “Should I be worried?”
 “Nope.

 a half-orc, I told you.” ”Well, I’ll take it...................... ” Aurelia said to herself, folding up her arms and returning to her position. Harruq returned, again with his bow. “You told me, Master. You gave her something..........” “I’
-
"Of course, you've got the right answers, and technically you're attacking the problems correctly, but you're leaving out a couple of steps that I think will give you problems a bit later on.
 Please take my advice and spend a little bit of time at the math lab.
 Even if you can't make it every day, you need to come in a few times a week."
 "Yes, ma'am."
 The scolding actually hadn't been that bad, almost like disguised praise.
 Britney looked like she was hoping for something similar, but Mrs. Campbell's expression quickly dashed that idea.
 "You on the other hand definitely need to spend every night at the math lab.
 Your homework was incomplete, and of the problems you bothered to attempt, you didn't do a single one correctly.
 Britney, you're headed towards a failing grade, and while you might not care, your father most certainly does.
 Make my class a priority, or I'll stop in for a checkup and let slip just how poorly you're doing to dear old Dad, and then you'll find yourself riding the bus to school."

 """ "". """". """". """"" "". """. """"" """. """""" """ """. """""". """" "". """". """" """.<eop><eod> "No.
-
Not long ago most people expected to end their lives in the same place and largely in the same position as they and their predecessors began.
 Growth was confined to the advancement of a small number of individuals, mostly within existing levels of the established social order.
 Development was a slow, haphazard and largely unconscious result of countless individual efforts.
 Today, people in most developing countries are motivated by an expectation, an urge, a feverish drive for rapid advancement that has acquired the characteristics of a social revolution.
 The search for greater comfort, convenience, security and enjoyment motivates entire societies to embrace progress as their primary goal and collectively dedicate themselves to achieve it.
 The race for development has become an intense preoccupation of every nation.
 The slow pace of trial and error growth is no longer adequate to meet the rising demands of the people.
 The awakening of this compelling urge has unleashed a powerful social force for human progress.
 That force refuses to be bound by either rationality or morality.
 Revolution means to bring future results more quickly, sooner than they would come through normal evolutionary processes.

 the process of development, human progress, is an integral part of progress. Human development is the source of human satisfaction and happiness. Human growth is necessary, natural and integral to the process. Human progress is the solution to the process.<eop> There are development, progress, growth and progress. The progress of human progress, the progress of human progress, progress in development, progress is the progress of the progress of development.<eop><eod> It is a great task to promote and protect the progress of the
-
Eugene – Which would you choose?
 Jim – (to Eugene) Which would you choose?
 Eugene – I already chose life.
 Jim – So you did.
 Johnny – Had I the power, I think I would have chosen never to have been born.
 Eugene – This is a stupid conversation.
 Jim – Why is that?
 Eugene – We’re discussing whether or not we would have decided to have been conceived.
 Johnny – So?
 Jim – Since you don’t get to make the choice, it doesn’t matter much does it?

 – You don’t have to get to make the choice. Eugene – I..... died. Eugene – So? Johnny – If you  wanted to................................
-
It was an explanation.
 Not an iron-clad one, but good enough for now.
 I thanked Brandon for the ride, and was rewarded with one more wide, open smile before we split up and headed our separate ways.
 I kept telling myself not to get caught up in the idea of being with someone for the first time in my life, but still went through the first two classes more or less in a daze.
 Mrs. Sorenson was just as nasty as she'd been every day this week, but I didn't care when she managed to stump me on her second question.
 I found myself subconsciously comparing Heathcliff with Brandon during English, and Mr. Whethers had to ask me a question at least twice before I realized he was talking to me.
 I hardly even blushed at the inevitable giggles.
 I made a mental note to find out from Britney if I'd caught his question on the second or third repetition, but I rather suspected I'd forget.
 In fact, when class finally got out I remembered my question, but just didn't feel like asking.
 Instead, I just wanted to get away from her and the never-ending gossip.

 got me, of course, away. Once I got away from the gossips, I found myself talking to Brandon, and Heathcliff, Britney, and Whethers to see what'd happened to me. I just wasn't willing to find out what he'd done to me. I thought, well, if I'm going to talk to him, and if he's got quite a few more questions he's got, I'd be really wise to talk with him
-
I feel special now.
 Liz – You are special.
 Jim – It’s all the paint-chips I ate as a kid, with the right dip they’re pretty good.
 Liz – Sometimes I think you were dropped on your head as a baby, but with a skull that thick I think that you hurt the floor worse than it hurt you.
 Come on, I want your opinion on my work.
 Jim – Over all, I like it a lot.
 Liz – But…
 Jim – I was wondering…
 Liz – Wondering…
 Jim – Where’s the uh…

 – – – – I was thinking uh.... ” –” –” –” –” – – ” – – ” – ” – – – ” – ” ” – ” – – “ – ” – ” –. ” – “ – – – –...
-
"Is this Meadows Street?"
 "No.
 I don't know where Meadows Street is.
 This is Stuart Street."
 "Oh--I know where that is!
 It's in the Back Bay, not far from my house!"
 Rick looked skeptical.
 Even if that was true, it was becoming evident that she'd somehow stepped out of 1927 and into 2011.
 "Do you have an automobile?"
 "Yeah."

 "...",",",",""....", ""....","","",""",",""....","",,"",""",""",",","",""",",","",", "",",",""""," "
-
BG:  	Could have been better.
 Had the smarts.
 CM:  	Beatles.
 BG:  	Well, separately four talented guys.
 Together, gestaltwise, the Tetragrammaton.
 CM:  	The Stones.
 BG:  	Big.
 Blues fakers.
 Great blues fakers.
 Camp followers

 s, s, the s, the sss, the sss, the sssss, the ssssssssss,... CM: The sssss, the sssss,...<eop><eod> ()<eop>,,,,,,,,, the thessss,,, the thesssss
-
“I just don't know what to tell them.” “Well, tell them everything,” I said.
 “Start in the beginning and don't hold anything back.
 If you do, I'll tell them the rest.” “Seth!” Jason said and ran over.
 “You're awake, man!” “Yes and I feel like crap,” he said.
 “I think that if I try to stand up I'll either pass out or throw up.” “Will you be okay flying?” Emily asked.
 “What?” I asked.
 “Flying?
 What do you mean 'flying', Emily?” “Our new dragon friend offered to fly us out of the woods region and towards more of the mountains.
 I said yes, of course, because I don't want to walk the whole way there,” she explained and walked towards the dragon.
 “I guess...” Seth said and stood up.

 want to fly, Emily said... I walked up towards the dragon, and told her again... to fly us out of the northern part of the mountains region... and towards the eastern mountains. “But I’m already out in the woods so I don't want to go there, you know.” “You don't know,” I said and walked up towards the dragon... “But I’m going to go...” Seth said
-
I sighed at his expression, knowing that I couldn’t tell anyone if Seth didn’t want me to.
 I didn’t want to make it worse by revealing what I knew.
 When I didn’t reply, she covered her mouth with her hand to try to cover her chuckles.
 “Oh then,” she giggled, “I hope you two had a nice chat.” “Stop it Emily!” I snapped and felt my face burn.
 She snickered.
 “Okay whatever you say, Jazell.” “We have to tell you guys something,” I told her and Jason about how the dwarf had showed up and what he said about Igneeria.
 Emily listened quietly but when I got to the part that we were supposed to go there, her mouth fell open.
 “That’s completely crazy!” Emily gasped.
 “We’re supposed to just leave and go there?
 What about our parents?” “He told me, and I quote, ‘Miss did you not think that her majesty would have this all planned out?

 “Oh no, “ I replied.<eop> “Well, Emily did.” “And then to what” Emily asked “What for?” “” “What for”?” ““What”” “””?” “”” “ “”?” “ “”” “ “””” “”” “”” “”” “ “”” “” “ “””” “ “””” “ “ “””” “ “””” “”””
-
"From your bewildered expression during class it appears you aren't transferring in from another school.
 I expect most of your other teachers are just letting you pick up from where they are now.
 I'm afraid this class builds on itself, so I'll be testing you on everything we've covered in the past month.
 I'm sure you've got a full class load, but we haven't gotten into anything truly difficult yet.
 The sooner we get you caught up, the better off you'll be.
 Shall we say a month from today?"
 The prospect of trying to catch up, all the while needing to master new material and deal with a full schedule of other classes, was too much.
 I felt tears rising to the surface even as my heartbeat sped up to near-panic attack levels.
 That was the last thing I needed, but I could only fight off so many worries at once, and I was quickly approaching my limits.
 "Now don't come unglued on me.

 , " ", " ", "", " "", " ", "" "," " "," " ", " ", "," ", "", " "." ", ", "," " "," "."" ", "," ", ",
-
John tells us to “believe in” the name of the Son.
 While at a glance this could be taken to mean we should simply believe that Jesus existed, it doesn’t.
 Because “believe in” denotes more than credulity.
 “Believe in” means to fully trust.
 And here we’re not called to believe in “Him” but to believe in His name.
 As “name” in the Biblical context refers to character, John is calling us to fully trust in the character of Jesus Christ.
 When we believe in, fully trust certain people, if we have any sense, we will follow their example and not only take what advice they offer but actively seek every piece of wisdom we can wrest out of them.
 If I want to become a baseball star, I should look for a coach or mentor whose character and lessons I can believe in.
 If I believe in Mother Teresa, I should read about her and talk to those who knew her and attend to whatever I learn.
 To the extent that we follow Christ’s example, give of our selves, our time and resources to help people in need, allow time away from the crowds to contemplate and pray, put aside our self concerns and turn to concern for others, our minds and hearts get invaded and possessed by the Holy Spirit.

 Holy Spirit leads to the presence of the Father, the Holy Spirit, and the presence of knowledge, wisdom, the Holy Spirit, and Holy Spirit. This leads to the Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit is also the reason to believe in Jesus and to know. The belief in Jesus leads to belief in knowledge and knowledge, the belief in knowledge and knowledge, knowledge and wisdom and knowledge, and belief in the presence of God and the knowledge, wisdom and knowledge. This leads us also to the Holy Spirit of
-
You can control what happens.
 If you say it won't happen, it won't.” “I hope you're right,” he said.
 “Me too.” The mood was perfect.
 I saw Seth relax a little and the look on his face was more like himself.
 I was perfectly happy with the way everything was right now until I saw the small outline of a toad dwarf nearby.
 “Uh Seth I don't think this is the best time to mention this but I think we have company.” I pointed to the shape.
 He swore under his breath, and we both entered the dwarf's world together.
 Sure enough, it was a dwarf but there was something strangely different about this particular dwarf.
 He just walked toward us as if he wasn't afraid that I might put an arrow through his head.
 Just as I was about to release my arrow, the dwarf cried, “Please stop!” I don’t know why I listened to him but I didn’t pull the string.

 was about to release the arrow on the toad and I was struck by a feeling. I knew this arrow was going to go to Seth but equally, I knew it was not going to go to any of his head. I pulled on the string and let it go through the toad head and I continued, “....,,,,....,,,,,,,,....,,,....,....
-
Shift to Services: One would hardly expect to find the decline of manufacturing jobs as a source of employment opportunities, but historical data supports this conclusion.
 Fear over the destruction of manufacturing jobs due to adoption of capital intensive technology has been prevalent for the past 100 years.
 Every new technology that automates a process or increases worker productivity has been perceived as a threat to the future of work.
 The reality has proved to be quite different.
 Technological development propels a spiral of economic development that creates many more jobs than it destroys.
 The most striking testimony to this fact is the history of employment in USA, arguably the country that has most readily and fully adopted new technologies over the past century.
 Employment in manufacturing and mining grew to a peak of about 40 per cent of the workforce after World War II before beginning its downward spiral to 15 per cent by 2000, about the same proportion as in 1850.
 Yet, during this same period total employment in America has expanded phenomenally, from a mere 13 million workers in 1870 to 68 million in 1955 and more than 136 million in 2002.
 In spite of all the automation and all the export of jobs to lower wage economies, the percentage of the American population employed has continued to rise over time.
 Several factors are responsible for this result, among which population growth and technological development are most prominent.

 : The relative number of manufacturing jobs has increased significantly in the years since the revitalization of the automobile industry. This has resulted in significant increases in employment in the United States and a number of developing countries. There is also an increase in total employment in the United States, in Canada, in Mexico, in Brazil and in other countries in the developing world. These factors contribute to the rise of employment and the creation of new jobs.<eop> There has been much concern about the growth of the American
-
She listened carefully but didn't hear Rick's shower or any noise in the kitchen.
 It was past his usual breakfast time, so he'd be starved when he got up.
 She could have breakfast ready for him, maybe even serve it to him in bed.
 Jumping up, she pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and ran downstairs.
 She didn't know how to make very much, but she could scramble some eggs, prepare bacon in the microwave, and make some toast.
 It didn't even take very long.
 She put a glass of juice and a cup of tea for Rick on the tray and a glass of milk for herself.
 Carefully she carried it upstairs.
 Rick was still asleep when she nudged the door open.
 She went in, set the tray on the floor, and then sat beside him.

 a cup of tea, a biscuit, a glass of juice, and a mug and a glass of milk. Carefully she put the biscuit in the bowl, and set the mug down, and all the bowls and cups, and glasses and all the plates and bowls, and all the plates and napkins and utensils, and the biscuits on the table, and the plates and the cups, and all the napkins and utensils and the plates and bowls. The
-
It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
 "I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"
 "You're very generous indeed, sir.
 And Marie deserves the best."
 "Are you referring to the ring or yourself?
 No, no--just a joke, son."
 He returned the box to Davis.
 "My permission is a foregone conclusion.
 I'd dismiss you from the company if you didn't marry her."
 He chuckled again, taking two cigars from a box beside his chair and handing Davis one.

 from one cigar and took another from within the box.<eop><eod> " " " " "" " " " " " " " " " "" " "" "" " "" "" "" " " " " " " "" "" " " "" " "" " " "
-
Bountiful gardens were replaced by weeds and thorns.
 Hurt and betrayed, the Sun distanced herself from the Earth, lessening the number of life-giving rays warming his surface.
 Possibly that was his plan.
 If she'd totally abandoned him then her children would've all died."
 I felt my eyelids begin to flutter, as my breathing slowed to match Alec's.
 "Whether that was his intent or not, the Sun didn't completely abandon him, either out of respect for what they'd shared, or possibly out of concern for her children.
 Once it became apparent that the Earth and Sun were through with each other, the Moon began to court her.
 Doomed to touch only briefly during the rare solar eclipses, they nevertheless became beloved, one to the other.
 The greatest sign of the Moon's devotion to the Sun came about when he sent his children down to the Earth to watch over and protect the sunborn, or dayborn as they are most often called."
 Alec's pause was long enough that I think I nodded off, but the sound of his voice once he resumed talking pulled me back awake.

 loves the Earth, and she wanted to get the Sun's attention from her children." Alec looked at me, then gave me a look, and then nodded. "Yes, he's probably going to send his children down to the Earth." "But I can assure you, you aren't going to come down to the Earth..." Alec paused again, looking at the top of his head as if trying to get to the Moon's attention.
-
Predators like them worked on a very simple alpha relationship; the strong ruled.
 They were Dire beasts, but he was the equivalent of a Celestial Beast.
 He was alpha; pound for pound Rodregas would be stronger and quicker than even these two beasts.
 Of course, each animal seemed to weigh almost twice as much as he did.
 Still, Rodregas knew with sudden clarity that he needed to establish himself as the one in charge.
 If he did not establish his leadership, the next time the Dire Cats were hungry they would try eating one of his party, or at least one of the horses.
 Rodregas walked over to the bear corpse and as he approached, both cats seemed to fully wake up and took on a crouch stance.
 He pretended to ignore them and pulled one of his short swords out, in a casual way.
 Rodregas kept his focus on the bear; he knew that lionesses in prides do most of the hunting and the alpha males simply ate after the kill was done.
 He started to cut away a large chunk of the bear’s haunch to take back to the barn for their dinner.

 the carcass, he took it back to the horse, put it on the haunch and the wolf began to eat. Rodregas slowly walked over to them and slowly took a few bite of the wolf. He ran over to the horse to try and but Rodregas was quickly knocked out and out of position. He went back to the horse and quickly started looking at the other cats and there was only one of the four of them with a single drop of blood. They were a couple
-
Anyway, everyone thought the poor guy was just shy, or hiding his idiosyncratic playing style—which may be partly true—but the real reason, so I’ve read, is that he could get an interesting “bounce” from the corner, sort of double-tracking his voice before that was ever heard of.
 So, I laid it down first just on this cassette player—really—and then dumped it to a 16-track, played through a little reverb amp I had at the house.
 Stayed up all night doing that fucker.
 It was a full moon, I remember.
 It was beautiful.
 And at dawn, I brought it to Lorelei and said, baby, this is as good as Buddy gets.
 Is this interesting?
 CM:  	Sure.
 What’s that percussive sound—it’s very interesting.
 BG: 	(laughs) That’s my guitar hitting my shirt buttons.

 it, and then I put it down on the cassette again. I pick it up, and I say, baby, I can play it. I bring it to my guitar, and, oh yeah, oh yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I bring it to my guitar. HHHHHH ahhhhhhh, that’s so awesome.<eop> BG: ((laughs) I can play it, baby. AHhhh, yeah.
-
Harruq held a hand before his eyes, cursing his awful luck.
 He saw two figures, night patrolmen, and both human.
 One had a readied bow aimed at his neck.
 “I haven’t done anything wrong,” Harruq said.
 “Sure you haven’t,” one of the patrolmen said.
 “Then what’s with the crate?”
 The half-orc’s mind groped for a reason.
 “Um, well, I needed to piss, so I came out here.”
 “So you needed that to go behind?” asked the other.
 Harruq nodded.

 .<eop> “Well... and it was the crate sitting on on it, it wasn’t there, it wasn’t in the box. It wasn’ the crate sitting on it, it didn’t have a crate on it,” one said.<eop> “Well, the crate is what I need. “<eop> “ “... well, it... it is... “ “ “...” “It...” he
-
They kept to the back alleys, and because of this, they met their first target: three elves fleeing toward them, hoping to use the lesser-known pathways to avoid the overwhelming numbers of their opponent.
 “Bring them down,” the necromancer said.
 “With pleasure,” Harruq said.
 He raised his blades and charged.
 The closest elf realized the half-orc was an enemy and cried warning before rushing ahead, his longsword ready.
 “Come on, pansy-boy,” the half-orc warrior roared.
 The two collided in a brutal exchange of steel.
 The elf shoved his sword upward, using his forward momentum to slam the point straight at Harruq’s throat.
 Harruq swung Condemnation left, deflecting the incoming thrust.
 His other blade stabbed, tearing away the soft flesh beneath his attacker’s ribcage.

 to the ground, lowered his blade again, lowered his sword straight down, and slammed it into the last of the elves. The last of the elf hid behind his sword.<eop> The elf turned back and charged the elf. Harruq jammed his sword between his long-blades, and charged into the back alleys, tearing a hole in the back of his blade. The warrior pulled his sword from his back and lowered his sword. He lowered his sword back and began
-
So is Jeremy.
 I'd like to have them over again next week."
 He waited for her to add, "If I'm still here."
 When she didn't, he released a slow sigh of relief.
 "OK.  You probably won't be so nervous about it next time."
 She smiled, joining him on the sofa.
 "I might even use garlic again.
 But I have to admit that I sneaked upstairs to brush my teeth after we ate."
 He tilted her face up so that their lips were almost touching.
 "So did I."

 """"""" """"""""""" """" """"" """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" """""""""" "" """"" """""" """ """""
-
CM:  	Sure.
 He did some recording too.
 He did, let’s see, “Blues for Sandra Leathers” on his “Cannabis” LP, a sort of raga rendition of it, much changed from the bluesy take on that one that Canned Heat did.
 BG:  	I didn’t know you wrote that one.
 CM:  	Yeah.
 And, “The Rules for Hide and Seek, “ which also showed up on a Canned Heat album, as well as on Judy Collins’ Rainy Somethingorother album.
 Uh, Moby Grape did “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling” and “Y Teen Love.”  Skip was a friend for a while, till, you know.
 The demons.
 He started calling in the middle of the night and reading to me from The Egyptian Book of The Dead and The Prophet.
 Poor Skip.

 :.... was I.... what? Oh, I knew the demons. CM: Yeah. I was just a gee, yeah, I was knowing that. BG: Oh yeah, I knew that. I had to write it down........... ........
-
Pete was Jim Dickinson’s friend.
 Jim’s a pure soul, a force for good, the Wise Man of the Forest, you know?
 He told me once, “Watch out for that shithead, Hudson.
 Just be careful.”  And then he said (laughs), “But, damn, isn’t that Kim a piece of work?” (laughs)
 CM:  	You describe Dickinson as the Wise Old Man, what do you mean by that?
 BG:  	You know, Creole, you know the man.
 Wise One, in, I think it’s Navajo—no Apache culture, maybe it’s Navajo, too--he was the younger brother of Killer-of-enemies, part of a holy pair.
 That’s Sid and Jim.
 (laughs)
 CM:  	And you ever hear from Tony Hudson?

 , I’m not a member of the family, Tony Hudson. He’s not one of the members of the family. He’s the son of the Elders of the Tribes of the Forest. He’s his friend. How’s he part of the family? (laughs) BG: I mean, Sid and Jim’s Jim Dickinson’s son, brother, sister, brother, half brother, his son, daughter, and so on.
-
"I love you, Rick.
 I love you so much.
 I don't want to hurt you."
 His arms whipped around her.
 "Then don't leave me."
 She looked up at him, her eyes filling with tears.
 "I have to.
 I-I just have to.
 I have to go home."
 They stayed locked in each other's arms, her tears soaking into his shirt, his tears dripping into her hair.

 <eop> "Then I don't have to...<eop> '<eop> '<eop>''<eop>'''' '<eop>'''''''''''..<eop> '' <eop> '' '' '<eop>''<eop> ''''<eop> "I... I-I have to go
-
~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~
 Marie dressed quickly, hoping she could get to the garden before Rick woke up.
 She didn't know how she could look him in the eye this morning.
 She'd been so hurt last night when he'd refused to kiss her and told her to go to bed, but now she was embarrassed when she thought about how she'd pleaded with him to keep kissing her.
 But .
 .
 .
 but if-if they were married, she wouldn't have to plead.
 He'd keep kissing her and kissing her until-until .
 .

 <eop> * * * * * *~ ~*~ ~*~ ~ ~*~ ~~ ~~ ~*~ ~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~ ~ ~*~<eop> ~~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*
-
He might even still be there, hoping she hadn't gone back, that she was lost somewhere in 2011 and would eventually call out to him to come find her.
 Tears began to run down her cheeks.
 She fell asleep and dreamed that she, her parents, her brother, and Rick were at Cape Cod.
 When she awoke a couple of hours later, she felt feverish.
 Frowning, she felt her forehead.
 No .
 .
 .
 When a breeze stirred the curtains, she realized that it was just the heat of a late July afternoon.
 She'd become accustomed to air conditioning.

 ................. Yes, she now had air conditioning to warm her up.<eop>...................... Suddenly, one of the pillows covered her face and she closed her eyes
-
You are all dead to me.
 Jim – Johnny.
 Johnny – She didn’t even sign it.
 How do you get on with your life after that?
 Jim – You need to find something else.
 Dad had the business to keep him occupied.
 Johnny – Yeah I know, he spent fifty or sixty hours a week there after mom left.
 I didn’t ever see him.
 A lot of help he was.
 Jim – Some times all we need is just to escape.

 Jim – Jim... Jim – Jim. Johnny – Jim – I’m trying to help you to get out of the house. Jim – Jim Johnny – Jim – Well then you can just go out there there and help me. Jim – Jim – Jim. Johnny – Yeah – I’m... Jim – Johnny, I’m all dead to you, but I can help... Jim. Johnny
-
They’re awful in packs, extremely hard to take out without their knowledge of your presence.
 I placed an arrow in my bow, and aimed for the head.
 I couldn’t let the creature reach my house.
 I pulled back the string, and then stopped.
 I couldn’t take out one of these like, this unless I set it on fire.
 But Emily wasn’t here.
 I could take it out with a few arrows but it’s best to kill Thrashers before they realize you’re there.
 Instead I lowered my bow and slowly crept up to it, until I could see the hideous claws on its hands and the hatred in its eyes.
 Thrashers hate everything and sometimes I wonder how they tolerate each other.
 I aimed for the head again and released the arrow.

 .. I didn’t have time to shoot the head, it was too close to my house..................... I had to go back to the string and shoot.<eop> I pulled the string back again, just missed the head and it flew away................................
-
The only possible way to manage these innate aggressive forces is to meet them firmly.
 The international community has already shown, in the case of airline hijacking, that it is capable of effective action on a global scale when the necessary political will and commitment are forthcoming.
 By concerted measures, the rapid proliferation of hijackings has been virtually eliminated.
 Similar results can be achieved today drastically to curtail small arms proliferation and the drugs trade.
 The anti-social forces supporting these activities must be handled with the same firmness and determination applied to hijackers, regardless of whether they are governments, military, criminal or terrorist groups, corporations or banks.
 The power of these measures lies not in the enactment of laws but in their enforcement.
 Enforcement should be made mandatory and automatic.
 At the same time, it must be recognized that force alone can never eliminate these problems at their roots.
 Aggressive energies must be given constructive channels through which to express themselves positively in economic development.
 Unless and until famine and poverty are eliminated, both in developing countries and in the inner cities of the North, these energies will continue to find negative expression through violence.

 are told to not fight, to fight, fight, to fight, to fight, fight and to use violence. We will continue to fight, to fight, to fight, that we will fight, to fight, to fight, to not fight, to not fight, to fight, to fight, to fight and fight, and, to fight, to protect our interests. We will continue to fight and will; we have to fight and will, we will still have to fight and we will.
-
Brandon blamed himself for not being there to take care of Tom.
 One of Brandon’s confessions during rehab was that almost all of his friends decided to get as high as they could to attend Tom’s funeral.
 It was the beginning of his excessive drug abuse.
 Chapter 24: Let The Healing Begin As Brandon approached his fifth month as a student at Narconon, he called us and told us he was nearing graduation from the program.
 He also told us he had applied for an internship at the facility and that he wanted to become a drug counselor.
 Brandon told us he wanted to give back and stay on to help others and told us how much better equipped he felt to deal with the world which surrounds us all, but silently haunts a select few.
 The counselors at Narconon had such a profound impact on him that he wanted to have the same impact on others.
 We felt as though we were getting our son back!
 We made the long drive to attend the graduation ceremony with our younger son, Bryce, my mother, my in-laws—who were no longer in the dark— and my brothers.
 It was a gathering including all the students and the staff.

 ... and he was..... and he was..... and he was.... and..... and....... and Bryce was so excited by the news of the graduation ceremony.<eop> Brandon, and I were so...broken. We felt the loss of Brandon was... and the knowledge that he was.... and.... and I wanted to be the first person to help
-
We were seated close to the front in a crowded cafeteria room.
 The room was a scattering of mismatched tables and chairs and old couches that were obviously a collection of donations.
 It started with accolades and awards for those early in their treatment and worked its way through the students by their personal achievements inching towards the finale of the three students set to “graduate” tonight.
 Everyone who was recognized for reaching a new level of their treatment was welcome to speak if they wished.
 Those who were in the program longer were more likely to do so, thanking others (both students and staff) for helping them through their most difficult challenges.
 Some were very emotional and some were humorous, all were heartfelt and meaningful descriptions of their individual challenges to reach that next level.
 It was clear that everyone here, whether they were staff or student, had the ability to impact anyone they touched.
 When the moment arrived for this evening’s three graduates to speak, a young lady in her early twenties walked to the front of the room with her head down.
 When she looked up, she smiled nervously.
 She had no family present.

 her eyes. When she looked back, she was not still smiling. She was still smiling.<eop> There was a bright smile, wide eyes and expression on her face. The moment was for her turn to speak. One side of her face was covered with her family picture. Behind her, someone was sitting in the back of the room. She was in front of the table.... it was a small table a couple of feet away from the.... the table...
-
I’d have to question him later.
 I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.
 “Great!” I piped.
 “I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
 I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
 Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
 We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
 We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
 Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
 Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.

 , a horse, cows, a cat, a dog and a rat. I was sitting in her chair, listening to her songs and talking to her mom, I did a lot things. That’s what I loved doing. I did a lot things all of the time. I talked to a lot. I did a lot things. I talked to friends, relatives, my boyfriends, my boyfriend, most of the time. But most importantly, I talked a lot all the time.
-
One thing is for certain, someone will have to put a rating for the content on the posters and ads.
 I’m thinking that nobody 17 and under should be allowed within a mile of the show.
 Karen – Content rating, it’s just a form of censorship.
 Art – I disagree, as a parent I find that it is a valuable tool to keep me informed of what will be in the shows and movies my kids watch.
 Karen – How strict are you with what they watch?
 Art – Not at all, they can watch what-ever they want to.
 Karen - Then what good do the ratings do you then?
 Art – They give me the heads up so I know what I don’t want to watch.
 Sometimes the boys invite me to go see movies, and I want to know what I’m getting into before I agree.
 I mean, sometimes the names lie, but if you ever see version of Hamlet rated Adults Only, well then you know that they went off the beaten path a bit with their interpretation.

 – What do you want to watch? Art – I think that it’s okay, I mean, that is not bad, but what is it about the characters that are in the show? Karen – Well, believe me – I don’t know, I don’t even know what I want to watch. Art – That’s fine, but all I do know is that it’s the characters that I want to watch. And what I really don’
-
His arms felt wrong, like he had no arms to push.
 Then, true panic set in and he tried to fight his way free.
 Something was wrong, the greater sigil was not becoming part of him, he was being made part of the sigil.
 Maybe these were not like the Celestial sigils at all but some kind of Infernal trap.
 He choked, as instead of breathing air he felt liquid enter his mouth and pour into his lungs.
 He was drowning in the beast!
 He had to get out or he would die.
 He was unable to move and unable to breath and was trying to do anything to live.
 His panic faded into anger.
 If he was to die, he would die fighting.

 was to fight, he would not die fighting, because he would fight without dying, if he was to fight, he would die fighting, if fighting, he would die fighting if he was to fight, if he was to fight, and if he would die fighting, the greater sigil came and pushed its way into him and bound him in chains. He was also becoming a part of the greater sigil. Maybe the last part of the greater sigil is death, as the
-
Among the advanced economies, unemployment declined from an average of 6.9 per cent in the period 1985-94 to 6.5 per cent during the last 10 years.
 It fell by 10 per cent in France, 25 per cent in Italy, a third in Netherlands, 50 per cent in Spain and 70 per cent in Ireland.
 It is declining but remains 10 per cent higher than the average for 1985-94 in Germany, which is still recovering from the economic impact of reunification.
 The new market economies of Eastern Europe are growing rapidly.
 But these positive trends are no grounds for complacency.
 While they may dispel fears of an irreversible shrinkage of the job market in OECD countries, the proportion of long term unemployed remains at an unacceptably high 29 per cent of the total, indicating that these countries have not yet evolved successful strategies to address the issue.
 Left to itself, unemployment may continue to deprive large numbers of people in these countries from enjoying basic economic rights, unless concerted steps are taken to remove the perceptual and structural barriers to full employment.
 While data on unemployment levels in most developing countries is of doubtful accuracy and recent data are difficult to obtain, there is no question that the problem remains severe, especially among youth and the educated.
 ILO estimated that at the end of 2000 approximately 110 million workers in developing countries, excluding Central and Eastern Europe, were unemployed, most of them first-time jobseekers.
 Unemployment rates among young workers are almost everywhere at least twice as high as the average.

 rate is now nearly 40 per cent in the United Kingdom. In 2006, excluding the OECD, the three- to four-year-term unemployment rate in the OECD stood at 8.1 percent. In the same year, the rate was 6.4 percent of the total in Europe. In 2007, it was 9 percent of the total population in the OECD. Around 20 percent of young workers in the OECD outside the United States and Canada are at nearly 15 percent of the total.<eop> While the
-
But mostly he thought of Aurelia, giggling as vines held him and she blasted his back with springs of water.
 He did not sleep well that night.
 It would be a long while before he did.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The mood in Woodhaven grew somber as dark rumors spread.
 First came word that troops were on their way to enforce an edict evicting all elves from the city.
 The more this rumor spread, the more elves seemed to arrive.
 Elven men and women with camouflage and great longbows patrolled the city.
 Even more lingered in taverns and the homes of kin.

 .. in the fields.. in the forests... in the villages, with nobles and women in the houses, waiting to hear the words of the King..... the presence of the people... the presence of the elves.<eop> The presence of the true elves, and the presence of elves, with people and elves, in homes and taverns, with families, clans, scions, elves, kin,....
-
Is it like that for everyone?
 I have a memory of our family kitchen before school, oatmeal warming in a pan on the stove, my father dunking his folded toast into his coffee, and the plastic radio tuned to some “hits” station, probably WHBQ.
 This was the same radio from which I would later hear about deaths: Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Martin Luther King.
 Shit, I still have that little radio—I kept it because it seemed important.
 (laughs) It was my mother’s kitchen radio—it’s still around here somewhere.
 And, on this particular morning of oatmeal and familial familiarities, a song emanated from that plastic box, bellowing something about a “black branch with blood that kept dripping.” You know?
 And, “a white ladder all covered with water.”  I thought, holy hell.
 Of course, by this time, I was making my own music, fixing to go out on my own, and, in a way, I saw Dylan as a map, as a way out into the world.
 What more can we ask of art, right?
 Later, when I met him, I talked to him about this and he was, well, flattered, I guess, and he talked about how Guthrie and Leadbelly were like that for him.

 said that, the way I saw Dylan, in his music, it was something that was... and that is the point of this story, it was a real thing that I wanted to go out and sit and listen, and listen, listen, and I felt that it was important to me, I knew it really was important to me, I, it was that, and I, well, it was... and it was that, and it, well, it was that.
-
I stumbled a little in surprise.
 He was still gorgeous, but the simple joy was gone.
 He no longer looked like something that couldn't exist in this world, but even with anger etched on his features my heart still skipped a beat.
 I ducked around the corner and started down the stairs, my embarrassment at being caught staring giving way to anger.
 It didn't make any sense.
 I'd never done anything to him.
 Did he really hate me so much just because I'd told him off about not protecting Rachel?
 Cassie was waiting for me at my locker when I got there.
 "Brandon wanted me to stop by and let you know he had a few things to take care of, so he won't see you during lunch.
 You can still come sit with us if you want."

 '" "I'm sorry..." "What's??" " ', " '," "..., ', ', " ', ',' " ', ', "..., ', ', ', ',' '... " '... '
-
He was not just bigger and stronger; clearly he knew how to fight.
 A good fighter, of course, knows you do not let an opponent recover.
 His attacker came in hard and fast.
 Rodregas never saw the blow to his face, but luckily it was not a direct hit as Rodregas was already moving in close.
 Before the attacker could deliver another blow he was inside his opponents swing.
 Getting close is not always the best strategy on a powerful larger opponent.
 His attacker’s large hand reached for his face.
 Rodregas turned into his weight and tried to use his momentum to drive the large body off balance.
 But the attacker was built like a bull: broad and full of muscle.
 Rodregas’ push against him had little effect.

 had hit the bull. He was the bull. He was strong. The attacker had the weight. Rodregas was a man built wide and muscled. He was built broad and full of muscle. The man had the body. The attacker had the weight. The attacker was in the middle. He had a large face. He had strength in his face. He had his weight. The attacker was his body. He had his weight. The attacker was his body strength. The attacker was the
-
The thought of her walking through the garden, back into 1927, out of his life forever .
 .
 .
 He shuddered.
 "Are you sure you're feeling all right?"
 Marie asked him, having seen his shudder.
 "Maybe you had too much sun this weekend."
 She leaned over to feel his forehead.
 "Hmmm.
 You may have a slight fever.

 ................... ......... Maybe I have a cold. No... It was the heat of the sun. I walked into the garden last Sunday.........
-
It was heaven.
 It was hell.
 I was empty man, as empty as a skull.
 And Lor brought me back.
 Love.
 That’s what saved me, moved me on down the road.
 That lost time in Arkansas, that was the crux, the fulcrum that my life turned on.
 That was the deciding time, the time I became something different.
 Something better.
 I believe that, dad, I was reborn in that cabin.

 my life in that cabin... the... the.... I was a broken. I was a broken, broken man, and.... the........ I was in the cabin, and... the... the.... the....... the... the..... the..... the..
-
I had thought it was over.
 “Yes,” I answered boldly, the word echoing with the thrum of my pulse.
 It made no sense, but I didn’t take the time to think it through, didn’t give him a chance to change his mind.
 I smiled, kicking my heels hard into the horse’s sides.
 The animal jolted forward.
 I gripped the saddle with all my might as its hooves cut the earth.
 I’d never ridden a horse.
 There weren’t any near the village and I’d only ever seen one from the occasional visitor.
 This beast was huge and I could feel his power as the ground rushed beneath us.
 We were gaining on Steed as I glanced over my shoulder to find Chevelle, his horse running, but not with the same determination as mine.

 he galloped towards us, his horses all in his arms, racing to the top of Steed.<eop> I groaned. I felt the weight of the beast. It was huge. It was huge. I was sure it was only going to me, but it killed me. I had never felt anything. I screamed. I was so sick as I lay in the belly of the horse. The intense pain was all I could feel. The pain and the blood. I was sick. I was
-
Liz – I never thought of your dad as a dirty old man before.
 Jim – Kinda funny isn’t it?
 Liz – It’s gross!
 Jim – I don’t think he’s gotten laid since well before Johnny was born.
 Liz – How can you actually talk that way about your dad?
 He’s your dad!
 Jim – We all have urges you know.
 Just cause he’s a bit older doesn’t change anything.
 I think the pile of porn defiantly proves that.
 I bet your parents are the same.

 Jim – I’d love to know your dad if he’s around......<eop><eod> "I do """, "", and "", the "", """,, and "", I I do the "", the "" and """, and I do " "", I do the "" and "", and
-
She straddled my buttocks and began to massage my back.
 She told me that she didn’t have sex as part of her massage.
 I assured her that I just wanted a massage from a pretty young lady and I had no other motive.
 I repeated that I often got massaged from the same older woman and I thought it would be a treat to get a massage from a beautiful young one.
 As I lay there, I could see her in the mirror and we talked from this reflection.
 She pressed the issue of buying the pills.
 She climbed off of me and stood up next to the bed between me and the mirror.
 She looked at me as she slowly pulled her sweat pants off exposing a stunning young body and sleek thong underwear.
 She tugged slightly at her thong to adjust it as she looked over her shoulder in the mirror and checked herself out.
 She then sat back on top of me while she continued to talk to me and I watched her in the mirror as she pulled her top off exposing her bare breasts.

 me to get me out of the bed and I stood up behind her with my hands. She ran her hand through her hair and she watched me see her out of the mirror and told me to get up to get out of the bed. I had a feel of my hand on the pillow as I saw her, so I went back to the bed and she told me to get off the side of the bed and get down on top of her as well. She climbed back onto the bed and got
-
I lose sight of them, as they seem to be going towards the opposite end of the parking lot.
 I assume they will pull around after checking out the surroundings but instead my crack-berry rings within seconds.
 It is Ashley and she is trying to move me to a Starbucks that is on the other side of the same parking lot.
 I resist and ask her if that was her that stopped next to me in the red Dodge Charger.
 She says it was but she would rather meet at the Starbucks where there are some people around.
 I tell her to just come to my truck and let’s get this deal done.
 Ashley states she is suspicious that I won’t drive a hundred yards to meet her.
 I make a judgment call that I know will not make the undercover narcotics team happy but she is right, what is my great reason justifying not driving a short distance?
 I tell her I will drive right over and park by the Starbucks.
 I hang up with her and I state into my wire that we are moving to the Starbucks and to deal with it.

 me that she is going to go over and help me with it. I walk over to my truck and tell Ashley that I have to get out, to the parking lot, and to the Starbucks. I give her five minutes. She then tells me that it will take a minute or two for Ashley to get me to the Starbucks and me to pull up there. Ashley says she is going to help me pull up to the truck and wait. Ashley pulls up where I am and I tell her to
-
“So,” he said, trying to sound happy, “travel day today, huh?” We didn’t answer.
 “Okay looks like I’ll do the talking,” Jason said.
 “You two excited?” Emily shook her head.
 “No, Jason we’re both jumping for joy, but it’s so deep down that instead we both look like we want to slug you,” I said sarcastically.
 Jason sighed, “Okay, you would say something like that.
 I thought in a mood like this you would be less…annoying.” As soon as he finished his sentence, I wacked him as hard as I could.
 Seth showed up after that, placed his bag on the ground, leaned on the statue next to me, and didn’t say a word.
 We all stood there waiting for the dwarf to show up.
 Right as I was about to give up and say we had the wrong place, he appeared.
 Jason saw his blurry outline first and signaled us to enter the Half-way.

 the Halfway, Jason grabbed his bag, Seth sat Emily down, and Jason went to get Seth back to the statues, and I set out to go up to the dwarf. After a while, I got up, grabbed Jason, and walked over to him to enter the Halfway. I asked if there was a problem, and he said no. Then he shot a look at me and he went on, “If we have to find a way to get there, we have...
-
"All right, I'll come over and lean against your bed, but you really need to try and sleep.
 You've got to be nearly exhausted."
 "What about you, mister superhero shape shifter?
 You've been up longer than I have.
 I'm not the only one who needs to sleep."
 I tried not to let my voice get too sing-song, but I felt a completely irrational thrill as he quietly crossed over to my side of the room.
 "That's actually one of the benefits of my condition.
 I don't actually need normal amounts of sleep.
 An hour or two per night is usually more than enough."
 Having him so close to me was somehow both exhilarating and soothing at the same time.

 "Okay, okay, mister, I don't need to tell you that you don't need to sleep. I know you don't actually need me to help you go to sleep. "I want to sleep." "Oh no, mister. I can't help you go to sleep." I groaned loudly. "No, I really can't help you." He ran his fingers down the side of my face.<eop> "I
-
Her skills were better than his own and Rodregas’ physical abilities were not so much greater than hers as to counter her superior fighting skills.
 For the first time in the tournament Rodregas lost control of the flow of the match as suddenly she moved in swinging hard.
 Then again, and again, she went in close with her shield wedging it in, and was able to lock it to his left for just a second.
 She swung hard at his open side; he had time to block her stroke but his sword shattered when the two swords collided.
 Her sword was at his throat before he could do anything and the officiating knight yelled a stop to the match, handing the yellow band to Karun and the white second place finish to Rodregas.
 Doi’van and Imeralda met him at the entrance to the cafeteria, Rodregas stalked in without looking at them and stood quietly in line to get his large bowl of stew and chunk of bread.
 They sat down away from where most of the other squires.
 The other two sat quietly until all three had finished the repast.
 “So how did Geriodon and Nordien finish?” asked Rodregas.
 Doi’van spoke, “Geriodon finished first place which puts him in the total lead with a perfect fifteen points.

 ’da finished first. Finally, finally, Doi’van got to work on the cake and the finish to Nordien, Nordien also finished the total lead with a perfect fifteen points. “The final goes to Rodregas and he’ll win at the end which leaves him with exactly a ten. So he is in the final fifteen points”,meralda added. Rodregas was happy and relieved.<eop><eod> It had been decided to play the final match of the tournament
-
They’re gonna be huge.
 CM:  	Carole King.
 BG:  	Sweet chick.
 Great songs.
 CM:  	King Crimson.
 BG:  	Don’t know ‘em.
 CM:  	Chet Atkins.
 BG:  	Great guitarist.
 Wish he wasn’t country.
 CM:  	Baez.

 .. BG::... BG::... BG: BG::....:::...:...:..... :::.:(-----s).::::::.::::::......:....::::::..
-
Other people do."
 "Really?
 What do you do at all those garden parties?"
 He laid the chicken on the grill.
 "Gossip and eat little sandwiches and sip tea."
 "Sounds like fun."
 He rolled his eyes.
 She sat down in a lounge chair on the patio.
 "Life should be terribly exciting for me.
 Having fun is important in 1927--dancing, music, pictures--all kinds of merriment.

 " "" "" " "" "" "" "" "" " "" " "" """ """" "" " " """ " " " "" " " " "" """ ""." " " "" """ """ "
-
"Would you?"
 she breathed, thrilled at the prospect of spending the day in her beau's company.
 He usually worked on Saturday mornings.
 "If you like."
 He smiled at Jefferson.
 "Your father and I were going to discuss business this morning, but--" "But I think it's much more important for Davis to take you shopping.
 Go ahead, young man--we can put business off for a few hours."
 Marie hung onto Davis' arm as they walked out to his automobile.
 "Thank you for taking me.
 I haven't seen you since Tuesday!"

 ".. " " " " he laughed. " " " "" " "" " " ".. "<eop>.. " " " "" " ". " "... " " " " " " " ".. "" "<eop> "
-
Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.
 Liz – Are you sure you don’t want help?
 Jim – I think the fewer people around the better.
 Liz – Ok.
 When are you going to break the news?
 Jim – Later tonight I think, probably going to be me and dad doing it.
 I think I’ll put it off as long as I can.
 Liz – I think I would get it out of the way as quickly as possible.
 Jim – On another day I might do that, but not today.
 I think I’ll go and get something to eat first.

 – Ok. Do I really want to do it? Do I want to get back to the bathroom (or...)? Jim – I want to go back and get to the bathroom. If I want to do the laundry, I want to go.... and... the other way. If I wanna do the dishes, I want to do it. I think I’m going to do it.<eop> Liz – Don
-
I hadn't ever needed any other friends while she was alive, hadn't ever had to really put myself out there where I could get dragged into the kind of stupid infighting I'd read about for so many years growing up.
 Chapter 9 I couldn't bring myself to speak to Britney the entire way home.
 It didn't really matter; she spent the whole time complaining about a dozen different ways in which everyone around her was making her life miserable.
 She didn't need any kind of response from me.
 I had the house to myself again, so I worked on homework until I was too exhausted to continue.
 It wasn't until I was almost asleep that I realized I was hoping I wouldn't have one of the incredible, vivid dreams tonight.
 Alec's cameo role in my last two had apparently been sufficient to tie him inseparably to all of the special dreams, and as silly as it was, I didn't want to see Alec right now.
 Not even just in my dreams.
 Maybe there really wasn't any kind of link between him and the dreams.
 Maybe I'd have one of them tonight without him making any kind of appearance.

 I was already sleeping, I didn't think I was really in the danger of having a night with him. I didn't really say anything about the dreams, but I wasn't ashamed to admit that I didn't want to be alone if Alec was not in either of them.<eop> Frankly, I never really thought I'd have a dream night with Alec until I actually had one of them. And I was right too. I had a whole lot of it. I
-
He ran for Kojas.
 Kojas turned around and looked like a kid on Christmas morning.
 He raised his sword to block Seth’s blow.
 Seth pulled back and parried Kojas’ swing.
 “Emily, is he okay?” I yelled.
 She looked up and nodded to me.
 I turned back around to see Kojas slash Seth across the stomach.
 That’s when I screamed.
 Seth fell to his knees, holding his midsection.
 His sword fell out of his grip and to the ground.

 saw Kojas staring back at Seth. He dropped to his knees, and ran for his sister........................................................... Kojas fell back to the ground.<eop> Kojas fell to the ground....
-
He should have shown it to Marie before he’d fallen in love with her.
 But he was afraid to tell her he’d known of her before she’d walked into the garden.
 What if she thought he’d done something to cause it?
 Marie was growing increasingly frustrated with the books she was reading.
 There were all kinds of theories about how to travel through time, but there was absolutely nothing that could explain how she’d traveled through time.
 She hadn’t gotten in a time machine, hadn’t been near a dead star, hadn’t been thinking about 2011.
 That was another thing—most of the articles talked about traveling back in time, not forward.
 How could she have been thinking about 2011 when she knew nothing about it?
 She picked up a book with a chapter on traveling through time by thought.
 Like most of the others, it was about traveling backwards, so it couldn’t explain how she got here, but now she was trying to travel backwards.

 she couldn’t try to go back in time, not in 2011. She wouldn’t get here at the end of the century, she’d get here in 2011. She asked her what she was trying to say to her, and she said she’d come and get them. She’d tell her family... her mom, dad, sister, brother... she wouldn’t come, she’d take her family to the garden. She’d tell her
-
After all, I'd already been diagnosed with the kind of clinical condition nobody with less than eight years of school could even pronounce.
 As amusing as my internal monologue was, I didn't let it slow my normal morning preparations.
 Almost before I knew it, I was downstairs and once again facing the dreaded decision of whether or not to eat breakfast.
 I already knew I wasn't hungry; the only real decision was how much of Mom's wrath I was willing to face later on.
 It wasn't until I had my hand on the doorknob that I remembered Brandon's promise to pick me up.
 I was so tired I actually considered for a second that he might have been serious.
 Sitting in his car, fighting not to look at his smiling gray eyes, it'd all seemed so reasonable.
 I'd lost my ride and he was grateful I'd saved him from having to interfere with Cassie, so he was going to become my personal chauffeur for the rest of the year.
 Looking at my empty lane, the school bus only minutes away, it seemed more likely Brandon wouldn't even remember talking to me.
 Just like every hot boy with every loser since the dawn of time.

 you, he said... 'fuck you' he said... 'fuck you', he said again.<eop> There was a line of people standing at the other end of the way. Hips and bangs, smiles and frowns. The people at one end of the way, those on the other side of the way, the other male side of the way, looking at the woman on the other side of the way behind me, it was just like
-
Velixar beamed at his two disciples.
 At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
 “Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.
 You both have proven yourselves as strong as I believed.
 Unwrap the body.
 It is time we begin.”
 Much preparation later, Qurrah and Velixar stood on opposite sides of a naked Ahrqur.
 The elf lay on his back.
 Thin scars and symbols decorated his body, including a slanted Y across his forehead.
 Thirteen stones surrounded the corpse, each dabbed with a bit of Qurrah’s blood.

 , Qurrah and Velixar approached the elf. Quickly, Velixar placed the stones around the body. Qurrah walked to the body. Rubed in a small amount of salt, dabbed with a bit of Qurrah’s blood. Velixar obeyed. Reaching the center of the body, Velixar held up a stone meant to hold Qurrah above the elf.<eop> “I know this is what you do.” Qurrah’
-
"I'm sorry, sweetheart," he said, handing her a washcloth as she straightened.
 "I should keep all these disturbing thoughts to myself."
 With trembling hands, she began washing her face.
 "I feel torn completely in two.
 I don't think I can ever be happy again.
 When I go back, I'll be miserably lonely for you.
 But if I were to stay here, I'd miss my family, my home, my roots.
 I'd feel misplaced.
 I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."
 She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it.

 brush and put toothpaste on her teeth, as she sat and washed her face and brushed her teeth.<eop><eod> "Mom," she said, for her purse, as she took her purse. """"""""""""" """"Oh. Oh..."<eop> "Oh. Oh. God, Oh. Oh. Oh," she moaned, and moaned. "Oh, God... thank you.
-
She took to Lorelei right away.
 For this I liked her.
 After all the shit Lor has had to put up with, from Memphis, from Crafty, from that fuck, Hudson.
 CM:  	Did you talk music?
 You and Skippy?
 BG:  	Music.
 Love.
 Death.
 We talked, you know?
 It was good.

 : I mean, I wanted to be good, and I wanted to be good. BG: I wanted to be,,...,, I wanted to be..., it was good.,,,,...,,,,,,,,,,, MG, OMG OMG, it was good.,,,,,,,
-
that's like getting roses.
 Or diamonds!"
 He laughed.
 "I've never met a girl so easy to please."
 As they were leaving the store, Rick happened to glance down and notice Marie's shoes.
 They were bulky, ugly black things, and he insisted on buying her a pair of sneakers.
 She loved the way they felt and ran into the parking lot ahead of him, bouncing in them.
 "What'll we do now?"
 she asked as they walked into his house.
 "Take a nap.

 ," Rick said. "You're not going to sleep."""","".""","",""",""",""".""",""",""..""."""""""."""","".""""".""""."""..." """ She opened the door and
-
.
 .
 your kisses make me and ask her about-about making love.
 But there's no point to it!
 I won't have you any more!"
 She took the handkerchief he'd just pulled from his pocket, wiping her face.
 "It's so horrible.
 If-if I were to keep this beautiful ring, the first thing I'd want to do would be to run to my mother and tell her all about it.
 But I can't go to her.
 And when I can finally run to her, I won't be wearing this ring."

 .. ".. "<eop> "..<eop> "". "<eop> ".. "<eop> ".. " ".... "<eop> ".... "<eop> ". " '... "<eop> ".. "<eop> " '.
-
Use it.
 Give me a sacrifice worthy of my name.
 Burn the east to the ground._
 Velixar closed his eyes and bowed his head in acknowledgement.
 “Only in absolute emptiness is there order,” he said, the goal of all those who worshiped Karak and knew the true purpose of their lives.
 “And I will bring order.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The Tun brothers did not go straight home that night.
 Harruq veered them off into the grassy hills south of Woodhaven.

 the.... and the swans in the village of the... the... the... the the and the... the the and the and the.... the the and the.... the the and the.... the the, the and the.... the the and the, the, the the and the, the, the the and the..... the and the....
-
The big half-orc stepped out of the way.
 Qurrah came through, carrying a slab of meat in his hands.
 He weaved across the missing planks in the floor and sat next to a small circle of stones.
 Above him was a hole in the ceiling for the smoke to escape.
 “Since when has spoiling meat stopped me from eating it?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah laughed.
 “Which explains so much.”
 Murmuring a few words, he smashed his hands together.
 Fire burst to life in the center of the stones.
 Harruq grabbed a small pot and brought it to the fire, but Qurrah stopped him.

 up, he brought a pot to the center of the fire and threw the pot to the fire. Qurrah grabbed another small pot in his hand. He threw a piece of it to the fire in the center of the stones again. He threw the fire to the fire.......... Qurrah threw the fire to the fire........ Qurrah threw a small pot to the fire...........
-
Shoot.
 Association.
 CM:  	Association.
 BG:  	(laughs) Oh.
 Um…
 CM:  	First thing you think of.
 BG:  	Could have been better.
 Had the smarts.
 CM:  	Beatles.
 BG:  	Well, separately four talented guys.

 , thessssssss...<eop> BG: Who was the Beatles? BG: Not the thesssss Beatles. But thessssssssssssssssssss::::::::::::::::ssssssss:::::::::::ssssssss
-
Buffer stocks, subsidies and incentives are used to protect agriculture from sharp price fluctuations.
 Al though the principles of free trade argue that countries should produce only those items in which they possess a competitive advantage and procure the rest from overseas, few nations are willing to entrust their food supply entirely or even substantially to foreign parties.
 For decades Japan maintained trade barriers to keep the price of rice at more than six times the international level in order to protect and preserve domestic rice producers; the US government exports subsidized wheat; and the European Community sells subsidized milk powder and butter internationally at prices up to one-third below the domestic level.
 The debate over the legitimate role of government in protection of the agricultural economy is partially a question of timing.
 Market institutions and competitive strengths are normally built up over decades.
 Advanced nations with highly mechanized and efficient agricultural sectors are in a much better position to withstand the impact of foreign competition than countries at an earlier stage of development.
 Countries suffering from food deficits and those in the midst of radical economic reforms are ill-advised to make a sudden, wholesale shift to market mechanisms to stimulate growth of this sector.
 ICPF strongly favours a movement towards the liberalization of world trade in agricultural products because it can be of immense benefit to job creation, industrialization, and economic growth in developing countries, and thereby act as a driving force for growth and employment generation in the industrial world as well.
 The liberalization of domestic policies for this sector is also needed in developing countries where government controls and populist policies have often retarded growth of agriculture.
 However, the timing and extent of these measures should be dictated by the relative strengths and needs of each particular country, not by strict adherence to any economic doctrine.

 requires that the market be used to decide minimum prices, such as the price of rice, the price of milk powder, milk powder, raw milk, wheat, butter, flour, and some other products, or the minimum prices for the domestic sector, the global markets, such as rice, wheat, powder, milk, milk powder, flour, and butter can be dependent on the success of this sector and thereby stimulate economic growth. However, it will be important to understand the value of international trade in
-
Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.
 "While I can't for a moment understand why you've chosen to befriend Britney, I can't fault you on your willingness to help her despite her flaws."
 I should have been overjoyed I wasn't in trouble.
 Instead I felt guilty for being given far more credit than I deserved.
 I opened my mouth to object, but was waved back into silence.
 "Obviously I don't want you to make disrupting my class a habit, but that isn't why I wanted to talk to you.
 Your studies are coming along nicely, and I've heard quite a few good things about you from other sources, so I'd like to offer you a job."
 Now that I had a chance to talk, I wasn't sure what to say.
 Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.
 Mrs. Campbell gave me a tired smile.

 For the fact that you're interested in me, I should"<eop> "Thank you." I couldn't say anything I shook my head. She closed her eyes with a shake of her head.<eop> "This is Britney."<eop> "I can't even recognize her by the way."<eop> ""<eop> She greeted her with a smile. "You are brilliant. I really enjoy working with her. Besides, you're going to be the
-
In Memphis, my neighbor.
 Great cat, spiritual cat.
 CM: 	Miles Davis.
 BG:  	Way ahead of us, man.
 Not even in the same business.
 He’s out there.
 We’re, what, we’re playing checkers, he’s playing 3D chess.
 CM: 	Howlin’ Wolf.
 BG: 	The Bellwether.
 Man, the consummate bluesman.

 .............. MG: Jack,......: Jack, Jack, MG: Jack, Jack, Jack,........ Jack,.............. MG: the blues (with Quincy Jones on the guitar),.... MG: the.....<eop><eod>
-
If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
 I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
 I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.
 I was on my fourth box when it happened.
 Mom's jewelry box had somehow got packed into a box labeled 'old photography gear'.
 As I pulled it out to set it to one side, it slipped from my hands.
 The glittering deluge of chains and bracelets that went sliding across the floor would have made me feel bad enough all by themselves, but there was a proverbial scorpion nestled in the midst of all that shininess.
 I'd thrown mine out shortly after the accident.
 Part of me hadn't wanted to.
 It had felt like I was abandoning Cindi by doing so, but just seeing Cindi's half of the twin pendants we'd received two years before had been enough to send me into a tailspin.

 I had managed to get with her out of the room, I'd done my best to protect her even if I couldn't get her out of the room. No, I just was not going to throw out the pendant because I'd seen the bracelets.<eop> When we reached the living room, I picked up the necklace out of the box, handed it over to Cindi. She didn't see it for the rest of the night. I was still wearing the same pendant
-
But Adapt Korin was of a more casual evil; he never passed up the opportunity to hurt those around him, physically or emotionally.
 Ravenhurr had existed in the same body for the full eighteen years of Rodregas’ service, and was hundreds of years old.
 In all his years serving in the tower Ravenhurr had only tried to hold the ceremony three times, each time abandoning the attempt due to the lack of a celestial animal.
 A celestial animal was extremely rare, but required as part of the ceremony for Ravenhurr’s next step up in power.
 In contrast, his assistant, the Adapt Korin, had been going though bodies constantly.
 Worse, he seemed to take great delight in letting people know what fate awaited them.
 Rape and torture of the victims were common occurrences with Korin.
 And Rodregas had dreamed of killing him almost from the start.
 Rodregas had hated Ravenhurr and knew that his Master could have stopped his assistant’s actions with a word.
 Ravenhurr had been simply too powerful for Rodregas to dream of destroying.

 the end, a hundred or more years ago, when Ravenhurr had decided that he was going to die, he decided to kill himself. He was always living in the form of another body. But Ravenhurr was Adapt Korin. He was nothing to the world. He was nothing to the world. He wasn’t a creature, or a phoenix. He was a man. He was not the end of the entire world. He was a man of his own making.
-
He taught me “Don’t Let the Sun Pull Your Pants Down,” “Piggly Wiggly Blues,” “She Caught the Katy,” “Her Ass Moves I Moan.”  Underground stuff, stuff from the adult’s table, from the back room.
 And I lapped it up.
 And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.
 He told me nobody played like me except Riley.
 CM: 	Riley?
 BG:  	B.
 B.
 King, man.
 He was comparing me to blues royalty.
 It made me dizzy, I’ll tell you.

 up in the room and... to him, B. B. King, and he told me I... I lap it up. I said this to me, B. King. He told me... I said I’m learning to play. I need to play like the King of Blues. I need to play like the King of the Blues. I... I said... that I’ve gotta learn to..
-
You didn't go to Les Misérables.
 We spent more than a week planning what we were going to do on the way up and the way back, and you didn't bother to show up."
 Rachel's mouth opened and closed a few times.
 She looked around, but we weren't the only two people in the room.
 James was barely visible pacing up and down the far end of the hall, so there wasn't any help there either.
 "I'm sorry, I really wanted to go.
 More than anything, but I couldn't."
 "That's it?
 You aren't going to give any kind of real reason?
 I guess I should at least be glad you aren't going to lie to me.

 "" "" " " " " " "" " " " " "You aren't going to be lying to me,"<eop> "" "" " " " "<eop> "I wanted to go..." "..." """..." "..." ""..." """ "
-
"You kept the key turned too long.
 It's OK--you'll get the feel of it.
 The motor's running, so put your foot on the brake.
 OK, now press the button in on the handle there and move it to D."  When she'd done that, he said, "Now let your foot off the brake."
 She did so.
 "Oh!
 We're moving!"
 She tightened her grip on the steering wheel.
 "Relax.
 Just turn in the direction you want to go."

 "Where I want to go." He said """ """" """"""" """" """"" """" """ """"" """"" """ """"" "..." ""...""" "" """"" """ "
-
"Today was magic, absolute magic," Marie sighed as they ate steak and salad that evening.
 Rick smiled.
 "You weren't disappointed then?"
 "Not in the slightest."
 "It was what you expected?"
 "No, not really.
 But it was just as exciting."
 She smiled, poking at her steak.
 "When we were filming that scene and the star looked at me, I felt like Clara Bow."
 "Who?"

 her steak, laughing "" Clara Bow? " ""....." "What?" I laughed. "I am Clara Bow. "" Clara Bow," she smiled and laughed. "I am Clara Bow." I smiled ""..." "..."" """"....." " "....""...." "
-
He stared at the problem in the largest cell.
 There, sprawled on the floor, were the two female Dire Cats that had been used to trap the Celestial lion.
 Rodregas swore that as soon as he looked at the cats, they were already looking at him straight in the eye.
 The large green eyes demanded something of him even as the animals lay in apparent complete relaxation, sprawled on the stone floor.
 He had to let them out, but how was he going to do that?
 If he simply opened the door, they might tear him apart.
 Rodregas thought the cats may also attack the guard at the front gate on their way out.
 He looked around and realized that the other side of the hall had a door that opened in the same direction as the door leading to the cage.
 He opened it up and thought that if he opened the Dire Cats’ door, he could block them from this direction, while keeping himself safe behind the two doors.
 He knew the guards at the gate would be incredibly curious about what he had been doing, but they would not actually do anything to challenge the man they thought was the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.

 gas opened the other door, he opened the first door leading to the front gate again. The second door opened the cage, and he opened the door to one at the back. He opened the second door to the front of the cage. He was now to the second door at the front of the front gate. He wanted to open the second door to the back, but he did not. Opening the first door to the back, he let them out. He went back to the cage and closed
-
Obviously you couldn't spend your whole afternoon tutoring, as that would negatively affect your efforts to catch up.
 I'm thinking just an hour or so per night.
 It would just be minimum wage, but I think you'll find you quite enjoy teaching."
 Still at a loss for words, I just nodded.
 I started towards the door as soon as I was dismissed, but stopped at the threshold.
 "Is everything okay Mrs. Campbell?
 I mean it seemed like you were really worried when you left."
 I trailed off, worried by the measuring look that she gave me.
 "I don't suppose you're one of the gossipers, and I guess it wouldn't really matter if you were.
 I got a call that my daughter had been in a car accident.

 was worried, I wasn't sure what to tell her about.<eop> "Well I don't know. I really don't have the information that she's got. She's called me a few times, but each time we haven't been in contact." I was surprised that she didn't like her much, either. "No thanks. I'm only the most concerned."<eop> ""Mr. Campbell, "Oh, and
-
I am not sure what your training backgrounds are, though.” He said, waving at Imeralda, who often of late was holding her Black Yew bow close with an intimacy that spoke more of a caress than holding a weapon, “Clearly, Imeralda likes the bow.” Rodregas continued, “Even though Imeralda plans to stay out of the middle of things, learning some basic hand-to-hand and sword fighting is a good idea.
 Doi’van and I can spar with each other, which will help us get used to fighting against the sigil warriors of The Immortal Guard.
 So, I think we should practice every morning until noon, then work to try to get the farm cleaned up during the rest of the day.
 At dusk we can work again on our fighting technique.” Doi’van nodded and said, “Before we battle a group of Immortalists or The Immortal Guards, we need to get some decent armor and weapons.
 They will have the finest equipment that the Guild sorcerers can make or buy.
 While the two of us might be a match for most of the sigil warriors’ one on one, their equipment will make them hard to beat.” “I agree that has to be something we figure out,” Rodregas said, “but, I am actually thinking decent horses might be more important first.” “Horses?
 How will that help us in battle?” asked Doi’van.
 Rodregas responded, “Well, a true trained war horse can help directly, but what I am worried about is escaping after an attack.
 Even if we have a successful raid against an Immortalist, we will need to be far away before a large group of The Immortal Guard can track us down.
 The Immortal Guards, or at least their officers, use Dire Steeds.

 “Well, I know they use Dire Steeds. They are one of the main weapons of the The Immmortal Guard, even if the sorcerers use a less expensive weapon.” Doi’van knows they are used by the Immortal Guard, and he wants to train them to be able to do it. In addition, Ii’van is trained in the Warrior Guild. I know the training methods of the Guild sor
-
It’s all alright.
 I got no axes to grind.
 It’ll all be clear in the end.
 You’ll see.
 It’s part of a larger thing, you know?
 Part of a grander scale, if you will.
 I’m writing like a madman, now, it’s all good, it’s gonna come out alright.
 CM: 	Uh, let’s see.
 When you write do you just sit down with the guitar?
 Or do the lyrics come first?

 ............. So, the vocals, the beats,................................................ It’s good. I want to make it all.................
-
Liz – That one is called ‘Ode to Chaos’ it’s about a fight my parents had.
 Jim – It reminds me more of a commune full of tie-dye wearing hippies.
 How about that one over there, with that guy lighting a match under that elephant’s foot?
 Liz – It’s called ‘Eugene’s Last Prank,’ and if you can’t tell what its about, then I want to know what you’ve done with the real Jim Trelain.
 Jim – You got his hair perfect, but I don’t think he’d stoop to something that low-tech and effective, knowing Gene, he’d probably build a catapult and try to coax the elephant onto it, and then see how far an elephant can fly when it’s launched through the air by a weapon of war.
 Liz – Also knowing Gene, he’d build the catapult way too small, or he would launch himself on accident, but with his luck he wouldn’t die.
 The poor old lady that he’d land on would break his fall.
 But what Gene would try to do in real life doesn’t really matter, as that drawing isn’t literal.
 On with the critique.
 Jim – I also liked the one with all the bright swirls of color on top of that layer of white.

 that was amazing. I also liked that, that was the one where I would try to put colors on that layer of white, too. Liz – That’s amazing, Jim.<eop> Jim – If you then tell me that the elephant was in my head, or that I had a lot to do, I just don’t like it. I don’t like it, and you don’t like the drawings, either. Jim – if you tell me that you wanted
-
One consequence has been the globalization of financial markets, resulting in increased financial transfers to developing countries.
 The technology exists for similar achieve ments in many other fields related to development.
 Global consciousness: The impact of the 1992 Earth Summit goes far beyond the decisions taken to protect the global environment.
 By focusing on critical threats that can only be met through common action, it has changed the way people and nations think about the world and each other.
 A consciousness of One World is emerging above the din of individualistic and nationalistic self-interest.
 This new perspective will enable us to generate effective strategies for addressing many problems that have thus far defied solution.
 In addition to these nine factors, two powerful revolutions are re-drawing the landscape of the global society and generating an unparalleled dynamism for rapid progress on the issues of critical concern to humanity.
 Democracy, Peace and Development
 The first is a revolutionary movement from authoritarianism to democracy that has travelled around the world during the past decade.
 The initial wave swept through Latin America in the early 1980s, replacing military regimes in Peru, Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Chile, Paraguay and Bolivia.

 , Peace and Development is the second wave of the revolutionary movement. The basis of the movement is the desire to share our lives and resources with each other, and ensure that there is ever-increasing progress in rethinking the world environment, the role of the individual, and the tools we need to solve the problem.<eop> The second revolution is the transformation of the global consciousness. Democracy, Peace and Development is consciousness of the people. The third revolution has come to define the role of the people of the
-
Mrs. Sorenson shot me a nasty look as I stumbled into class.
 "Well isn't it nice of you to come to class today.
 And here we all thought you were doing so well you didn't need to bother with the test."
 I took the proffered test and made my unsteady way back to my desk.
 The class passed in a blur as I made a half-hearted attempt to focus on the questions and remember all kinds of facts about photosynthesis that I'd known just a few days before.
 It was useless.
 The separate pieces of information skittered about on the edge of my memory without ever becoming tangible enough to relate to the answer I needed.
 By the time class ended, I'd almost completely shut down.
 I registered the whispers as I made my way to English.
 I normally would've been mad, or possibly embarrassed, but it was like my feelings were wrapped in layers of cotton candy.

 ...""","....."<eop> "...."",""....""".......""","","....""","....."<eop> "......." I shook my head. "I'm in a bad mood," I said shaking my head again. ""
-
I leaned my head on his chest, snuggling into his warmth.
 My face felt numb.
 Somewhere in the distance, the door opened and the vibration in Steed’s chest quieted as his words cut off.
 My head turned dazedly toward the door, keeping it steady against Steed.
 Chevelle’s furious gaze flicked to my cloak piled on the floor before returning to us.
 Us.
 I was curled in Steed’s lap.
 Chevelle stormed toward us.
 The arm wrapped around my back loosened but Steed’s body didn’t seem to tense.
 His body.

 His body. It was mine. His body. And it was Chevelle’s..........<eop> Chevelle’s gaze flicked to the handle of the door on Steed.........................................................
-
I need to see a healer.” Rodregas stared at the sorcerer in disbelief.
 He suffered a few minor injuries and he expected they would just go get him a healer?
 The man killed people to steal their bodies and power.
 How could he think they would respond to such a request?
 “Please hurry, I need a healer now,” Van’dret demanded.
 “We will get you a healer as soon as you finish answering our questions,” said Doi’van, his voice more growl than speech.
 “First tell us who among the Immortalists are trying to break ‘The One Law’ and why,” “I can’t,” Van’dret whimpered.
 “I mean I don’t know anything about Immortalists breaking ‘The One Law.’” He suddenly groaned and would have doubled up if Doi’van had not been sitting on his chest.
 Imeralda smiled.
 She was poking his two wounds with her fingers.

 going to start bleeding.<eop> “I’m.” Van’dret said........................................................... “and then I’ll be able to call you a healer, “........
-
We attacked them with a pool, and they threw water balloons at us while we were on bikes.
 It was pretty simple, but the whole time all I noticed was Seth.
 He wasn’t the same to me anymore; he always had this mask on his face, hiding himself from the rest of us.
 I had to find out what was wrong, and soon.
 “Jazell, are you paying attention?” Emily’s annoyed voice broke my day dreams.
 I snapped back to attention, “Uh yes, I am Emily.
 Just for the record, what are we talking about?” “Jazell you’re hopeless!
 We’re talking about what to do next,” she scowled.
 “Wait,” an idea jumped into my head, “how about we meet under a truce.” Emily stared at me.
 “A truce?

 I was thinking about her, she asked me, “Oh yeah, under a truce.” “Yeah, you don’t know what is happening.” I laughed and then jumped to my feet, “You don’t have a choice. We’re going to do... something different.” I didn’t have a choice. I wanted to, but it was time to do it. I had to find out what happened. If I were to have a truce with
-
Irresistible demons who drain their victims dry, who leave their lovers a hollow shell of what they were before."
 I'd finally worked through things enough inside my mind, to respond, but he bulldozed right over me.
 "Do you understand now?
 My getting closer to you is the ultimate form of self-gratification.
 It's the worst possible thing I could do to you.
 If you somehow survive everything that's about to happen, it would leave you forever hungering for another touch, but never able to fulfill that desire."
 I placed a hand on his lips before he could ramp back up to another diatribe.
 "None of that matters.
 All I want is to be with you, and if we're as likely to all die as you seem to think we are, then the state of my mind after you're gone is hardly something worth wasting worry on.
 I accept your invitation.

 ...."<eop>....." "I..."..." You tell me "."," "",......".. "I want everything to be with you".<eop> "...," "I want you all to get close to me"."<eop>..."......"..
-
But I can’t wait until September!
 And what if that book isn’t right?” Rick hugged Marie, wiping away her tears.
 He led her inside and made her breakfast, which she barely touched.
 Nothing he said drew much of a response from her.
 He hated leaving her when she was so upset, but after a week’s vacation, he had a ton of work at the office.
 “Call me if you need anything, sweetheart,” he told her, kissing the top of her head just before he left.
 Marie watched him leave and then, with a sigh, rose and went to the living room, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 She’d tried so hard to get back this morning.
 She’d worn only her 1927 clothes, and her mind hadn’t wandered to 2011 at all.
 What more could she do?

 to go to the library tomorrow, but she can’t go. She doesn’t want to.... she doesn’t want to, Rick. She doesn’t want to go to the library, not at this time, because she...................’.........t...................
-
He was a lay brother.
 A cook in a monastery.
 Even if I can't let go of Zoë, I could more thoroughly rid myself of ambition.
 Maybe I should give up writing.
 Or hand over Perelandra College to someone.
 Spend more time growing vegetables and cooking from scratch, like Brother Lawrence did.
 Toni Torrey could give me gardening and cooking lessons.
 For lessons in devoting myself to communion with God, besides contemplating Brother Lawrence, I can turn to Olga.
 Peace
 Olga Savitsky was a poet.

 ... Olga Savitsky is a poet Olga Savitsky is a woman, woman, a..... a poet, a .... a....... a poet, a.. a.... a poet, or a.... a poet, a.... a poet, a poet, a.... a poet, a....
-
But I think he’s going to either end up dead in an ally or in a psycho ward somewhere.
 He still hates mother with all his being.
 Art – She really messed him up, but hopefully we can help him let go, and then heal.
 If we can’t help I’m afraid he might have to go see a psychiatrist.
 Jim – He still has the letter.
 Art – What?
 Jim – He still has mom’s letter.
 Art – How do you know that?
 Have you seen it?
 I thought I burned the damned thing.

 I burned it, I, I burned, I burned it, I burned it, I burned the damned thing, but it burned up. I, I, I’m burning it, I, I’m putting it to the fire. Art – I don’t have it, Jim.................. I, I’ve.......
-
I got a call from the school the other day, they informed me that he has been playing hooky often as of late.
 He even seems to be angrier than usual.
 Jim – I’ve noticed that he’s been in a worse mood than normal, but what do you want me to do about it?
 He doesn’t like me any more than he likes the rest of the world.
 I can’t think of anything I can really do for him.
 Art – Maybe not, maybe not.
 He may hate us all for all eternity, but I’m going to try anyway.
 I can’t just let him waste away like this.
 I’ll do my best by him.
 That is about all I can offer him.

 Jim – don’t know what I can do anymore. Art – I can and I can’t do. Art – I don’t know what I can do. Art’.............. I’m sorry....... I’m not going to do anything about it. I mean Jim – I don’t know what I can do Art – Well, not what I can do
-
He was a tall lanky guy with a bushel of hair so he was easy to spot.
 I dragged Pete to the window to show him the guy.
 We hustled down the stairs and I walked straight towards this guy and he didn’t recognize me at all.
 He asked me if I wanted to buy some pot in exactly the same way he did before.
 I said, “Sure, should we follow you to the same apartment so your friends can rob us again?” He looked shocked and before he could say a word, I dropped him with one punch where he stood and it didn’t stop there.
 This guy was begging for his life as I pummeled him and Pete just watched in shock.
 I made this scumbag give me every penny he had on him and we never saw him again.
 One day as we walked away from a beach after swimming, a police car pulled over and started to question us.
 They were big Hawaiian guys with badges and they did not like howlies.
 They grabbed us roughed us up and handcuffed us because we were two high white guys.

 went back to the window, I bought a little pot, and on the side of the window, I was going to get a gun and I wanted to see one of the men. I got there, and I couldn’t see a snob sitting on the window, so I went taking a look on the side of the window. I got a gun and started to knock a guy down. I was dressed in jeans and a tt-shirt. He was black, I
-
Jim – That’s what Johnny was saying.
 How is Gene taking it all?
 Liz – Surprisingly well, at least after the first couple weeks.
 He was really down in the dumps for a while.
 Jim – How did you guys snap him out of his funk?
 Liz – We didn’t
 Johnny – He just came out of it one day.
 Jim – Oh damn.
 Liz – Think it’s a front?
 Jim – Could be.

 ,,,,.. Jim – No. Liz – So how are you gonna handle Johnny? Jim – Johnny – Is it Johnny?” Liz – Johnny Is it...,,,.....,,,,,,,,,,,.. Jim –.... Johnny –,,,,,,,,,,. Jim – Johnny –,,,......
-
It all fit together though.
 Jasmin had told him I'd overheard her death threats, and he'd decided to use his good looks to convince me to keep quiet.
 Only he hadn't been able to keep the act up for more than just a few seconds.
 I must really repulse him.
 Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
 I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
 He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.
 Spanish was both better and worse.
 Better because without Alec sitting six feet away from me I was able to think about something other than him, worse because we had a pop quiz and I barely placed in the A- range despite having spent a fair amount of time on my vocabulary.

 on the first quiz I've had in English I was able to sit close to the front and read it, on the next one and I went to the back and read. On each quiz, though, I was clearly the best in the group and the smartest guy in the class.<eop> Unfortunately, on the first quiz I didn't know even one of the answers in English when all the other one in the group was in Spanish. On the quiz I had a problem. It was
-
She'd always been nice to Davis, but she'd never treated him like a son.
 But she'd love Rick.
 Rick was so warm and funny, and her mother would feel comfortable with him.
 She stopped, squeezing her eyes shut.
 She couldn't stop thinking about him.
 Even when she thought about her family, Rick somehow surfaced in her mind.
 Rick glanced at his watch.
 She'd been in the garden for 20 minutes.
 It was foggier than usual--was that an indication that there'd be a door or window or whatever back to 1927?
 Now that he'd told her he loved her, had opened his heart to her completely, he couldn't bear the thought that she might not walk back into his arms.

 her, fight for her, give her up, let her go.... And he'd always think of what she'd said about her family, the more she said he loved her, and the more she wanted to return to him... the more she.... And the more he became, the older, the more handsome, the bigger, the stronger, the better body... the more hair on the head... the
-
Sunday was about the same, only my insides felt even rawer under the calm surface.
 Like maybe they'd had something caustic poured on them.
 I woodenly went through the motions of studying, and then finally pushed all of my books to the side and opened up Les Misérables.
 I tried to lose myself in the book, but the same worries that'd pestered me while I was trying to study continued to grate against the back of my mind.
 I hadn't wanted to come here, but I'd tried to make it work.
 Mom keeping the pendant felt like a complete betrayal.
 She'd known how it would impact me, but hadn't cared.
 I finally gave up on trying to immerse myself in nineteenth-century France, and cried myself to sleep.
 ** It was all I could do to drag myself out of bed Monday morning.
 A part of me knew this was all stupid, but I couldn't shake the depression.

 't matter. I opened one of the books. I put the book on the shelf. I stared down at the pendant. I cringed at the sight of it. I didn't want to go here.<eop>,...,,....<eop> ***.....<eop> ***.......<eop> ***.........<eop> ***...<eop>......<eop> ***.
-
Rick leaned back in his desk chair.
 "Then why did she agree to it?"
 "Because Lauri's as good at badgering as I am.
 See you tomorrow."
 Rick shook his head as Ted left his office.
 He knew his friend meant well, but he despised fix-ups.
 The last time he'd gone to Ted and Lauri's, Lauri had spent fifteen minutes scolding him for letting his date go home alone.
 She'd been a nice enough girl, but she'd had her own car at dinner, and it would have been totally ridiculous for him to offer to drive her home.
 According to Lauri, however, Beth would have accepted the offer and returned later to get her car, just for the chance to be alone with him.
 He was glad then that he hadn't offered.

 then that when he came to see Lauri at the dinner, he had realized that he had gone completely the wrong way. He'd been supposed to bring his car home, but he didn't have enough time to do exactly the right thing. He wanted to know that he hadn't done it. Rick leaned back to the desk chair next to hiss. Ted then turned back to his friend and asked, "How did Lauri agree to go with the proposal?"<eop>
-
But no matter, I won’t be going to them anyway.
 Johnny – Then what are you going to do?
 Eugene – I’m going to move on with my life, hopefully.
 And keep the promise I made to Art.
 Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
 Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
 Jim – This isn’t going to end well.
 Johnny – Five dollars says that he’s arrested by the end of next week.
 Jim – You’re on.
 I’ve seen him avoid getting caught dozens of times over the years.

 Jim – You’re going to put him in jail. Jim – Jim – Get it right. Jim – That’s not really the thing you want to be doing here. Johnny – That you aren’t going to help him at all. Jim – Jim – And Jim – That you got it right. Eugene – I’ll give you that. You’ve got it right.<eop> Jim – Eugene – I want to be there
-
Eugene – Okay!
 Uh-oh!
 Johnny – What’s wrong?
 Eugene – Oh the pain!
 Johnny – Now what?
 Eugene – I have to goto the bathroom, take a few minutes to warm up, you’ll need it.
 Johnny – Don’t fall in.
 (Eugene leaves the stage in a noticeable hurry)
 Johnny – What’s his problem?
 Jim – Aside from his inability to master Super Karate-Master 6000?

 Jim – Yeah, Jim – Oh my...............?<eop> Jim – Jim – Jim Jim – Jim Jim Jim – Jim – Jim Jim – Oh my.........................<eop> Jim –...............?<eop>
-
I want to share this journey, but I am not a warrior.
 And the two of you were so close to dying on me, and next time I might not be able to save you and you might die…,” she paused.
 “I could handle dying, but I am not sure I could handle having you die in my arms.” “Imeralda,” said Doi’van, “we must all walk our own paths.
 Rodregas and I have made a choice, we will fight.
 Whether the Gods are on our side or not, we will fight.
 You need to find your own path; you are talented and young and have the world at your feet.
 We cherish the time that you joined us.” Rodregas nodded, Doi’van’s words had captured his own thoughts.
 He was no boy to put his own needs over another.
 “I agree, I cherish the time we have had together, but you must walk your own path.
 The Grimoires and Mithril chain and bow are yours to keep, my gifts to you.

 you want to find your journey, and I need to find it, I need to find my own path. I am your brother and friend, and you sister, I am you and you have come to save me, I am your sister and I want to be with you. You have come to save me, you have to fight, you have to be with me, and I believe you have come to fight for me. I want to help you, and I want to protect you, I
-
I didn't have a chance to tell you about the last time I was with Davis.
 You and Father were out, and we came here to listen to the radio.
 He kissed me, which was wonderful at first.
 But then he started kissing me so hard that my teeth cut into my lips, and I tried to push him away, but he wouldn't stop.
 And he put his hand under my skirt to touch my leg.
 I was finally able to push him away, and all he said was to make sure that you told me what my duties would be once we were married."
 Mrs. Tranton's eyes blazed.
 "Your father is going to kill him.
 Marie, no man should treat any woman that way, even his wife.
 Kissing--" "I know.

 " "" "", "" " ", "" ", "" """", """, "" """,<eop> "" """, "" ", """ " " ", """, "" ", "" " "..."<eop> "" "
-
[section break](break.png)
 “Clear your mind,” Velixar said to his apprentice.
 “Let the emptiness give you comfort.”
 The wind blew, swirling cold through his ragged clothes.
 Velixar watched his apprentice take several deep breaths.
 “For this spell to work, you must have a significant idea in mind,” he said.
 “Make it bleak and vile.
 If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
 Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.
 “Send the image to me, my apprentice.

 the image to the image.<eop> “I...” “end the first image to the image, my apprentice. “end it next to it, “the...” next to it, “end the first image, to the image.<eop> “end the image to the image. “The meaning of the image the image in it. The meaning of it... the image in it.”<eop> “end the first image to his image. “I...
-
“Well, good for you, Frey.
 Your efforts are finally paying off.” I stared blankly at her.
 “What do you say we wrap it up for today?
 I’ve got some business with Council.” I stumbled off the stool, half numb from being still so long, and made my way outside into the warm sun, unsure of my direction.
 The idea of lingering within sight of the village center didn’t have much appeal, but I was in no hurry to get back home to Fannie.
 Choosing instead a rambling, rarely used path out of the village, I found myself wandering idly through the trees and, eventually, into an abandoned, overgrown garden, where I tried to work out what to do with my now empty afternoon.
 Sitting surrounded by the various weeds, my tutor might have urged me to do something useful, like identify the species, but she wasn’t here, and I couldn’t help but attempt to repeat the process I’d used on the thistle in her study.
 I’d been warned not to practice without supervision, but the field felt alone as I concentrated on one weed and then on each of the others, spinning my charms in an attempt to develop them.
 I had no luck with the wild flowers and renegade vegetable plants, but a small thorn tree and a couple of noxious strains began to mature in response to the magic.
 All this time, I’d thought something was broken in me, that something had happened when I’d lost my mother, but maybe Junnie was right.

 the thorn trees and the side of the garden, I’d been able to pick up a thorn tree and pose with it in my hand, the plant with the stem and one of the leaf tips on the other end, and a renegade vegetable plant on the other side of the garden. Now, unfortunately, I couldn’t touch any of them, but that stopped me working at the same time on the others, so I began to take notes of crickets, cricket, and a
-
Jim – And so it begins.
 We’ll pick letters first.
 Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.
 Jim – Will you do the honors Liz?
 Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
 Eugene – Seven.
 Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.
 Jim – Lemme see.
 Sweet mother of crap!
 How did you manage that?

 – I was going to Eugene, Eugene sss,, sss, Eugene, Eugene Eugene, ss, Eugene, and Eugene, sss, Eugene Eugene, Eugene, Eugene sss, Eugene, Eugene, I was going to Eugene Eugene, sss, Eugene,, Eugene, and Eugene... Eugene sss, Eugene ss, Eugene
-
I really did want to spend time with him.
 Even if he wasn't going to touch me, being with him was better than being anywhere else.
 "This is a mistake.
 The worst kind of mistake because we both know it's wrong and we don't care."
 "I don't think it's a mistake.
 I don't even think it is wrong."
 "But if you did, would you care?"
 "Probably not, but that doesn't change the fact that this is what I want to do."
 His sigh was ample evidence he didn't believe me.
 It probably didn't help that I'd moved in closer as I finished speaking, but I was already worrying about something else he'd said.

 """""""" not touching me. """""""". """""" """. """"""""""""""""""""""'""""". """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
“You were the necromancer that led the orcs against Veldaren.
 You helped them cross the bone ditch.”
 “Correct,” Velixar said, his smile visible beneath his hood.
 “It was a glorious day.
 Men of the east no longer trust the elves, and the elves hold little love for our beloved King.
 Of course, thousands died, but what is a little sacrifice compared to such gains?”
 “They joined your army, didn’t they, necromancer?” Dieredon asked.
 Velixar laughed.
 “You are wise, elf, and you are strong, but you have sheltered arrogance.”
 The man in black stood, pulling the hood back from his face.

 ...........,, “. it was also a glorious day, “.,, “,............. the............. “,, “.,,...........,....,, “.. the...
-
Jim – Anything to do with both Johnny or Mother can be considered a dark subject.
 (Hugs Art)  How was your trip?
 Did you enjoy the ‘convention’ in Florida?
 Liz – Did anything exciting happen?
 Art – Well it depends on your definition of exciting.
 If my exciting you mean ‘did I make a fortune and decide to retire,’ then no it was a dull trip.
 Liz – I’m sorry.
 Art – Don’t be.
 I did get to ogle a great many women half my age wearing not but skimpy swimwear.
 It was truly a wonderful experience for a man my age, or for a man of any age for that matter.

 – and............. I. and. and... and..<eop> Jim –..... and. I.. and......... and.. and....
-
“No.
 No council.” He paused while he formed the rest of his reply.
 Steed watched him, intent.
 “We are… unruled.” “Unruly,” Steed added with a laugh.
 “You’ve never had a council?” Grey shook his head.
 “No rulers?” He gave Steed a sidelong glance.
 “Not anymore.” I could tell he intended to end the conversation with that but it only made me more curious.
 I was tired of always having to make everyone spell things out for me.
 “No council ever.
 No rulers… anymore?

 over to the man in front of me. “What is the rule?” Steed nodded solemnly at Grey. Grey gave him a sidelong glance and he nodded solemnly. “Yes. The rule is important. It’s... it’s...” Grey nodded solemnly. “Isn’t time you never had a council?” “Mais...”<eop> “I’ve never had a council before?” Grey nodded solemnly.... “
-
His head was pounding so hard he had to close his eyes to keep from passing out.
 He felt worse than he did when the stupid faery smashed his sword into his head.
 He looked around the dimly lit cavern and spotted Jazell, sprawled out on the floor.
 He crawled over to her.
 *** I couched and gagged, turning over.
 Dirt fell to the ground from my dry mouth.
 I looked over to see Seth fall back on the ground, breathing heavily.
 I looked around the room and up at the sky, but I couldn't really see it.
 “Seth, where are we?” I asked, my voice hoarse.
 He sat up.

 back over to the bed, and I looked up to see............... Seth. I looked around the room. He sat up. I searched the room. Seth walked back over to the door, and I called out to him, trying to tell him that I was going to come back into the room. He took my hand and pointed me to the door. I stepped back over to the bed.<eop> *** I walked to the door
-
It should've terrified me that something new was bringing on an episode, but it was like there was so much else going wrong I couldn't spare any more emotional energy.
 I came out of the attack and remained on the floor thinking about all of the good times I'd had with Dad and Cindi.
 The memories should have made me feel better, but they had the opposite effect.
 I felt the tears start again as I realized all that goodness and joy was gone from my life forever.
 As my immunity started to wear off, I gratefully surrendered to the next attack, and the blissful relief it represented.
 I knew I was on track to drop back into the funk that'd robbed me of the weeks immediately after they died, but I was still strangely numb in the parts that should have cared.
 It seemed like I was on my third iteration, but it might have been the fourth or fifth.
 I was too detached to care.
 The knock on the door at least brought me back to myself enough to wonder how long I'd been on the floor.
 My ankle hurt so bad, it was all I could do to get myself standing and then hobble the fifteen feet to the door.

 was telling me that I was not getting to the door. I was numb, so I had to go the door. I got to the door....... I.... I.... it was dark. I saw it. I saw it. I just felt it. Somewhere in my head I felt it. Then it came to me. I saw it. I felt it. I heard it. I saw it. There was the other door. There
-
Gone were the games we had played.
 These lessons were intense and stressful.
 I’d been unable to generate magic on demand so he’d started lunging at me with weapons, sticks, fire, forcing me to respond to protect myself.
 After each attack, he would come right back at me and if I tried to repeat a tactic for defense, he would overpower my magic and push me to find a new maneuver.
 I was beat, winded, drained.
 “Mount up,” he announced.
 When I started to climb on my horse, the horse shot off like an arrow, almost knocking me to the ground.
 I glared at Chevelle’s back, but he was already galloping away.
 I reached out with magic, drawing Steed’s head around to press him back to me, climbed up, and clicked my heels hard to catch Chevelle.
 He was riding too fast again and I was not looking forward to the day, sure it would be worse than the already miserable morning.

 , Steed pulled me from the saddle, turned and went back to the horses. He started running back to me, and I could tell that he was as eager to come back as he was to me. I was scared, sure it was going to take me long enough to get to him, to apologize, to catch up to him.......but I agreed, as Steed told me to mount the horses and set off. I didn’t even tell him where
-
Both beautiful and deadly.
 It’s really bright and painful with all those oranges and reds.
 And the swirls, it’s like chaos.
 I tend to get the feeling that this is Liz’s version of the big bang.
 Karen – I could see that.
 What about this box here?
 It looks like it’s just a bunch of broken pottery.
 Art – That I have not a clue.
 Is there a marker on it somewhere?
 Karen – Yes, there is.

 .? – I.....?? – I.......... I, don’t know.....? – I don’t know........... – I don’t know...... I, I don’t...... The swirls,, swirls, swirls.......
-
In an amazing display of herd behavior, thirty seconds later his friends had all disappeared, and he was standing to leave.
 "We should do this more often.
 I'll see you tomorrow."
 The words were innocent enough, but there was something in his eyes that made a rush of warmth shoot through me.
 Britney was so excited she could hardly speak, but I was too excited myself to feel very superior.
 I floated through my next class, and would've gone through the rest of the day the same way, if I hadn't had to share a class with Alec.
 Still, I was so happy that even Alec's giving me the cold shoulder didn't completely sour my day.
 Rachel had turned my illness into something really cool, and Brandon really did like me.
 Life couldn't get much better than this.
 Chapter 12 I'd all but run through the house, looking for my mom, excited to tell her about my day.

 she hadn't been here to see me before, but I was so excited. I was going to talk to her. I had to do it. I was going to tell her about my day, and about my illness, and about Brandon and everything. I was talking to the last girl in my class, and I told her that I was the oldest and she was probably the most excited, and it started to get ridiculous. But I was..........
-
As government and political leaders know only too well, an organization with responsibility but without authority is doomed to failure.
 Unless UN member states invest international institutions with the necessary authority and meet their financial commitments to support them, the world will continue to drift and flounder, powerless to oppose petty dictators and ruthless aggression.
 Unless a cooperative world military force comes into existence, every country will continue to be burdened with the enormous expense and insecurity characteristic of the old system.
 Perhaps more than any other institution, the military has under stood and demonstrated the enormous power of organization to accomplish a goal.
 The Gulf War was a dramatic illustration of the importance of reliable information, perfect planning, logistical support systems, effective chains of command and swift responsiveness to changing situations.
 If humankind could mobilize and apply the same efficiency to the war on poverty and unemployment that it has exhibited in preparing for and waging military wars against each other, very soon there would be no more poverty or unemployment to fight.
 During the Second World War Ford Motors converted from manufacture of cars for the masses to making trucks and airplanes for the military, producing B-24 bombers at the rate of one per hour from a single production plant.
 If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.
 That requires human resourcefulness in organizational innovation.
 Organization is the means by which people work together cooperatively to achieve common goals and, in the process, to serve society in a wide range of functions.

 institutions, the military, organizations have demonstrated both the power of organization and demonstrate the capacity to be efficient and effective in engaging in the work of government, society, society, economy, and each other. The government and organization both demonstrate the same capacity and ability to engage in the work of government in many different spheres. Organization demonstrates the ability to demonstrate the ability to be the most efficient and effective in ensuring peace, prosperity, stability and security in a wide range of circumstances.<eop> A successful organization is
-
All that matters is that we protect this town.
 Jason’s eyes flashed.
 I stood up and leaned over to him.
 “What Jason?” “Monsters, a whole bunch of them.
 I saw the movement near the pond.” He pointed to the pond that was just nestled in the woods.
 And with that, we were off.
 Running towards the pond to do what we do best, destroy monsters.
 Only this time it was different.
 Chapter 2
 We ran and ducked behind a large boulder, huddling together.

 around, we all ran behind a boulder.......... ran and ducked behind a boulder. We huddling together and ran and ducked behind the boulder............................................................
-
.
 right."
 He couldn't believe what he was hearing.
 She bound her breasts to flatten them?
 She was so small and slender that he'd just assumed she was small busted.
 Why would any woman want to flatten her breasts?
 "Women don't do that now, Marie.
 They like having .
 .
 .

 "" " " "" " " "" " ". " "" " " " " ".. " " " " " "".".. " flatten her breasts, women have.. " " " " " " " "" " "" " "
-
The bull got madder.
 “If you’re gonna fight me, fight me!” he yelled.
 He ignored several strikes, accepting the cuts so he could close the distance between him and his opponent.
 The sound of steel was quick and brutal, but after the humiliation against Dieredon, Harruq felt as if his opponent moved through sand.
 At the end of three seconds, both of his blades had found flesh.
 The guard fell at his feet, bleeding from a severed arm and a gutted belly.
 Soaked in blood, Harruq turned to the remaining guards and bellowed like the mad beast he was.
 The remaining two facing him were trained well.
 They held firm when Harruq charged, and stayed close together.
 Because of this, they managed to survive the initial onslaught.

 was faced with a group of guards, the two facing his partner, and the remaining third guard, and the two facing the other two. The first, the second, the second the third...... the first, the second, and the fourth. The first, the second.............. the two faceing the first, the first, and the second, the second, the second and the two remaining guards...
-
After a minute or two spent staring off into space, I finally decided the discomfort in my stomach was sharp enough to justify the effort of eating.
 Given the ridiculous heat, studying was the last thing I wanted to do, but there wasn't really anything else to do so I changed into cooler clothes and made the best of it.
 Three hours later my brain felt like it was going to run out of my nose, so I wandered upstairs.
 It was still too hot for comfort in my room, but unpacking in the heat was better than facing the math problems waiting for me downstairs.
 We'd partially unpacked things to get my bedspread out, so everything else went pretty quickly.
 My room wasn't particularly large, but someone had put a long shelf around the top of the room, and the closet had more storage space than my room back home.
 My meager belongings quickly found new homes.
 I looked one last time at the box holding my clothes, and then sighed and shoved it under the bed.
 My unpacking was all done, which meant I had to go back to my homework.
 At least now I could listen to my music while I studied.

 to crash, but I was just not going to get anywhere else if I crashed the way I did in the morning. I just I................. I needed to go back to my study.<eop><eod> It was almost the end of my school day, and I really needed to get up. I was having a rough time of my life this morning, and if I got up, I was not going to make it. It
-
I-I just—I have to go home."
 He swallowed, looking down at the ring.
 "I thought maybe you loved me too.
 I thought--" "I do love you."
 The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.
 His eyes blazed.
 "Do you really mean that?"
 "Yes.
 Oh, Rick, it's been so hard not to tell you I love you.
 But I was afraid that telling you would make it harder to leave.

 ""My God, Rick." "My God, Rick." ".." "...." "....." "..""..." ".."" "." ".."" "." ".." "-" do you mean?"." "..." "."." ".."
-
Donovan waved away my thanks.
 "That is no more or less than my duty to a member of the family, and with that, we've arrived."
 The Graves estate was cradled between two spurs, and we'd finally traversed the length of the estate to arrive where the spurs joined the mountain.
 The north end of the valley was a terraced masterpiece that was remarkably green despite the complete lack of visible water.
 Large trees of a type I didn't recognize towered on each side, shooting up dozens of feet before branching out into an interlocking canopy that cut the harsh sunlight down to a greenish haze that swayed with the gentle motion of a breeze too slight for me to feel.
 A gravel pathway cut its winding way between real, live grass before terminating in a sandy courtyard that my eyes had been avoiding, almost as though my mind wasn't ready to deal with what it knew it would see there.
 The pack had turned at our appearance and six sets of unblinking, inhuman eyes stared up at me.
 A low growl sounded from one of the throats, and Donovan edged in front of me as the largest of the figures turned and struck out at another of the shape shifters with blurring speed.
 A startled yelp bounced off of the valley walls, and then Donovan relaxed slightly and started forward.
 "We should be safe now.

 """,<eop> """"""""<eop> """"""""""""""<eop> """"<eop> """".<eop> """"""""""<eop> """""""""""""" the wolf growled again, and then they looked back at the other.<eop> There was a flash of the light in my direction, and Donovan and
-
Sometimes I feel ashamed that I haven't been the instigator of more conversions.
 I could offer pages of justifications, but I won't bother, as I recognize how flimsy they are.
 Still, I'll offer few recollections for the consideration of real evangelists.
 During my years between conversion and earnest churchgoing, I often experienced campus evangelists, church pastors, elders, and other enthusiasts whom I sensed wanted to make me into a notch on their belt, and who have left me doubtful about the worth of salesmen’s tactics in the service of God.
 During my college years, I would frequently get waylaid by too-friendly people.
 I must’ve looked pagan or drug addled.
 Usually they ran in twos.
 While one of them smiled, the other would ask, “Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?” “Yep,” I would say, and either stay and observe their perplexed surprise, or excuse myself before they could ask, “What church do you attend?” and then pitch theirs to me when I said I don’t, which was usually the case.
 The only effective evangelist I encountered in those days was Tony Tarantino, a lanky Jesus freak with frizzy red hair and an expression both bewildered and wise.
 I picked him up hitchhiking.

 I got back to school, there was a homeless man behind a couple of cars, and went to get him. He wasn’t there. When I was well on my way to the door, he told me to follow me out the front door. Apparently he was drunk at the time. I guess, when I got out of the back door, he went back, along with the other men on the van. I was the one man in the front of the van, and the other was
-
As far back as I could remember everything seemed to go wrong for me and I was fighting an uphill battle.
 I put myself through my last years of high school, had no college education, almost everyone I knew abused drugs; I had essentially raised myself from puberty and I obviously didn’t know what I was doing.
 I had made far more mistakes than my ego would allow me to acknowledge.
 I guess this was my bottom.
 Moving back to Sacramento would be the first time in many years I would live with my mom, who had recently become a widow.
 She needed my help sorting things out, because she was left with a lot of complex issues after Dino’s suspicious death.
 The story goes that Dino was at an associate’s home helping him cut some hedges.
 He cut into a bush that apparently had a yellow jacket nest in it and they swarmed him and stung him to death.
 Nobody else at the event was stung, but he was stung several hundred times.
 The venom in such a massive dose poisoned him, so the story goes.

 mom and I went to parts of the house, in the front of the house, we found that he was in a room and that he was in a bed and they brought him out to the back side of the front yard, and went to find he was in a front room. They found that he was in a room with a big snake, snakes, snakes, and they found on the other side that the snake was a snake. They got it off him and brought him back to the house
-
The beautiful creature neighed in agreement.
 Dieredon mounted Sonowin, needing no reins or saddle.
 Antonil saluted the elf just before his mount leapt into flight.
 “Stay safe, friend,” he said.
 “You as well, friend.”
 Before the elf took to the sky, however, he paused.
 “Antonil…‌something more is at work here.
 Be wary.
 I will not take sides in this conflict, and neither shall the Quellan elves, but if I find who caused this war, I will kill him.
 It is the least I can do.”

 ground, he interacted with the other elf, the beautiful.elf. Antonil made a gesture of love to the beautiful elf.<eop> “I love you, I need you. Help me, you can... what I need to do my best, friend.” The other beautiful elf nodded.<eop> Looking towards the sky, the elf was smiling. “Thank you, I love you. I have love for all of you... I miss you, I
-
The elf laughed.
 “Don’t be too shocked.
 You have elven blood in you as well.
 I wouldn’t be surprised if you lasted a couple hundred years yourself.
 This is assuming someone doesn’t kill you, which I find rather unlikely.”
 Harruq gasped at the thought.
 He had always felt akin to man and orcs, whose lives burnt out so quickly.
 The idea of living two hundred years was…‌well, more than he could handle.
 “Strange,” he said.
 “Guess I have plenty of time to learn to read, don’t I?”

 elf laughed. “Hmm........” He whizzled, nabbed, whizzled, baffled..... by the words. All the words. It was the beauty of the language. Not the words, the words...... the syllables.<eop> The cleric had yet to learn the language...... the meaning of it. The elf laughed. “Hmm...
-
*** “Jazell, maybe we should try to go down there,” Seth said and nodded to the ground below.
 I shrugged.
 “Why?” “It might lead up somewhere.
 Plus, if Jason and Emily see it too, they might go down.
 It'll be easier to find each other.” “Okay,” I said and stood up.
 I brushed the dirt off my pants and followed Seth, who was walking off to the side.
 He went down to the left of the ledge and followed a steep path.
 I walked behind him and had to dig my heels in to avoid from slipping down.
 The path ended and Seth had to jump down to reach the bottom.
 He landed gracefully but almost tripped.

 was behind me and he went down to the left of the ledge off to the right of the ledge. I stood up and followed the ledge leading me down to the bottom. There was a steep  ledge off to the left of me. The ledge off to the right was a steep  ledge to me and a steep ledge to the ledge. There was a ledge off to the left left of the ledge.<eop> I started going up into the
-
Again he felt a cold chill, this time creeping across his arms like frost spiders.
 The sensation of being watched was unbearable.
 “We need to move,” he said.
 “If the guards falter we might suffer.”
 “We’re already high up,” Harruq said.
 “We’re perfectly safe…”
 “I said now!” Qurrah shouted.
 He doubled over, hacking and coughing.
 His breath was raspy and weak.
 “Please,” he insisted.

 ,,,,,,..............................................................................................
-
He closed his eyes, letting his mind sink into the ether.
 Like scent to a bloodhound, Qurrah could sense the magic flowing all about him.
 The flame surrounding the skulls flared even brighter, but beneath their tails trailed long threads of silver.
 When Qurrah looked up, he saw hundreds of the threads twisting and curling together, coiling toward a hidden presence deep within the orc army.
 Taking in a deep breath, Qurrah pooled his strength and focused on the skull taunting his brother, visualizing the thread and seeking to sever it.
 There was a pull on his chest—the taste of copper on his tongue.
 When he opened his eyes, the skull fell to the battlements.
 The jaw snapped and rotting teeth clattered to the streets below.
 “You did it!” Harruq picked up the skull, frowning at its ordinariness.
 Shrugging, he flung it toward the distant army of orcs.

 ....... the flame of the skulls, the skulls, the skulls....... the....... the flames. The... the skulls. The skulls.... the skulls................. The skulls.....................
-
Jim – I have a picture in my mind of a little Japanese girl kicking you in the shins.
 How accurate is it?
 Eugene – They didn’t beat me up.
 Liz – Well what happened then?
 Eugene – You’re never going to let me live this down.
 Jim – Probably not.
 Specially not if you got beaten up by a bus-load of Japanese school girls.
 Eugene – I didn’t get beaten up.
 Liz – Did they chase you off then?
 Eugene – They didn’t chase me off either.

 Eugene – They chased you off. They didn’t beat me up. Eugene – I didn’t get chased up. Jim – I didn’t get chased you up. Jim – They don’t chase me up. Beat me up. Liz – What do you think now, didn you get chase me up then? Eugene – I didn’t. No I don’t. I chase Japanese guys up. I – They don’t chase me
-
Three times counting tonight.
 She didn't understand.
 Up until the last couple of weeks, he'd almost always been sweet and considerate.
 He had never been unkind to her before they'd become betrothed.
 Of course, both times before when he'd shouted at her, he'd come to her to-- "Marie?"
 Davis called as he tapped on her door.
 "Darling, I'm sorry.
 Please come out for a minute."
 She went to open the door.
 "You hurt my feelings.

 "" " "."<eop> """<eop> " "<eop> ""<eop> "<eop> ""<eop> ""<eop> ""<eop> "<eop> " " " " ", "<eop> "<eop> " " "<eop> "<eop> " " "<eop> "<eop> " " " " " ""<eop> "" " "
-
Jim – Point made.
 Well isn’t there some sort of loophole we can take advantage of?
 Liz – We looked.
 The only thing that comes close is a clause that makes the whole argument null and void if Eugene’s father dies.
 Johnny – And his father is healthy as an ox.
 Jim – Damn.
 I’m out of ideas.
 Liz - I know, what would Sumo Assassin do at a time like this?
 Johnny – Soil his diaper.
 Liz – No really, what would he do?

 :.................... And Jim – What would he do? Liz:.... And Johnny....,..........,....,,,...
-
Before we'd even made it out of the parking lot, Britney was once again chattering about everyone else in the school and what they were or weren't doing lately.
 Considering that I still couldn't put a face with most of the names she was tossing around, the gossip wasn't just uninteresting, it was a near ordeal.
 It wasn't until I looked over at the speedometer that I realized we really had been driving longer than normal rather than the gossip just making it seem to take forever.
 Britney caught me registering the fact she was driving under the speed limit for the first time I could remember, and broke off recounting Amy Stevens' supposed fling with one of the football players just long enough to blush.
 "I figured I should be more careful of how fast I drive.
 You know, my dad keeps threatening to take away my car if I get any more tickets.
 With everything else going on right now he just might do it."
 It was actually pretty plausible.
 I probably would've believed it if not for Rachel's description of the new rumor floating around school.
 Britney was trying to cater to my supposed fear of being in a speeding car.

 , "If I was being in a speeding car, I wasn't going to want to drive, but I was going to drive." It was such a compelling story. I was so sick of it I just had to get this out before I had it again.<eop> I'm going to go and get back over to the school. Yeah, "I was going to go back", she repeated. She got back into her car and headed back to her room to
-
Dearest Elfreda, I must away without saying goodbye.
 I am sure you cannot understand, but please trust in me.
 Don this immediately.
 —J.
 I tugged at the tie and the string fell away.
 I sucked in air as I opened the lid.
 It seemed like I couldn’t quite catch my breath anymore.
 Reaching inside to draw out the long white gown, I could not fathom Junnie’s reasoning.
 But she must have gone through much to get me this package.
 Numbly, I stared at her words while I unfastened my shirt and sash.

 ... I hold your right toe...<eop> I filled the box with my toe, finger, my toe, and toe. I held my right... to my toe... my toe... to my toe toe. I held my left toe... to my right toe.... to my toe..... to the top of my toe... my toe to
-
“Wait; tell me what's going on!
 Tell me what we're supposed to do!” But she was already gone.
 *** I opened my eyes and the cold of the morning bit at my cheeks.
 Seth was fast asleep next to me, his blue hair covering half his face.
 Emily was curled up a few feet away from me.
 Jason turned in his sleep, mumbling something unintelligent.
 I needed to talk to someone, but everyone was sleeping.
 I pushed Seth over and his eyes flew open.
 His hand went to his sword but he saw me and he relaxed.
 “What was the point of pushing me over, Jazell?” “Well, it seemed better than punching you in the side.

 to stop, stop, do it...” but it was too late.... I was not going to stop. I wasn't going to get upset, to lose my mind. I had something in me, and here I was. I was going to do it...<eop> I was doing it. I was it. I was going to me. I was to me.... I was going to me. I was me......
-
you .
 .
 .
 the sun.
 Do you want some of my lotion?"
 "I brought some."
 He went to take a bottle from a drawer.
 "I'm not as red as I was last Saturday."
 "Do you-do you want me to-to rub some on you?"
 He glanced up, on the verge of asking her why, since it was only his arms, not his back, that needed the lotion.

 , "I don't see that," she said.<eop> "" "...""" "" ".. ""... ""... ".... "".. "" "... "" "" "" "..." " "" "...
-
Brandon could trade prison for setting up the double-crosser Steve.
 Officer White was insistent that the time frame for this deal was short.
 Brandon was very ill detoxing, and the fact that he had been busted and he was on lockdown at his parents’ house was common knowledge on the street.
 There’s no easy way to bluff if everyone sees your cards.
 Officer White cooked up a scheme.
 He gave Brandon a phone number and a story for him to give to Steve.
 Hopefully this story would explain Brandon’s bust, now known by all of his associates: He was to acknowledge his bust and tell Steve that the cops didn’t catch him with drugs because no one would front him the Oxy he was to bring to the deal.
 Brandon owed everyone, including Steve, so that would not be difficult to believe.
 In fact, that part was the truth!
 He was then supposed to tell Steve that he needed help supplying one of his regulars while his parents were holding him with a tight leash and ask him if he could do it.

 was a bit............... it was also a bit of a secret that he needed a lot of money to make the deal and........ the only way he had to make that deal was.............<eop>....... It was more apt to say,............
-
“There you are!” Jason exclaimed as he crashed out of the trees, panting.
 His wavy hair was a deep red that framed his eyes but he didn’t seem to have noticed its color change or to care.
 He was wearing an all black layered tunic and pants with boots that looked as light as mine.
 If I didn’t know it was Jason, I would have taken a huge step backwards at his assassin-like appearance.
 “What’s going on?” he demanded, eyes flickering from each of us as he took in all of our strange appearances.
 “Don’t know Jason, we’re as stumped as you.” I said.
 He bit his lip and then smirked.
 “Oh, I almost forgot.
 Look at this.” He gestured at his belt, grinning mischievously.
 Hanging there were a multitude of thin, dangerous looking knives.

 a knife?” I asked as he pointed at one hanging right next to him. I could see his hand holding up to a silver knife that was made for him. He had a blade, blade, and sheath on top of it. “It was a black knife,” he said.<eop> “So it is a knife.” pointing to it. There was a small white knife on the top of the knife, but it was small. “What is this?” I said. He said it was
-
He has been a frequent contributor and a columnist for the San Diego Reader.
 With Alan Russell, in Road Kill and No Cats, No Chocolate, he has chronicled the madness of book promotion tours.
 His novels are Midheaven, a finalist for the Ernest Hemingway Award for best first novel, The Loud Adios (Private Eye Writers of America Best First Mystery Novel, 1989), The Venus Deal, The Angel Gang, The Do-Re-Mi (a finalist for the Shamus Award for Best PI Novel), The Vagabond Virgins, and The Biggest Liar in Los Angeles.
 In Writing and the Spirit, he offers a wealth of advice to writers and everyone looking for inspiration.
 He resides on the web at www.kenkuhlken.net, and teaches creative writing at Perelandra College, www.perelandra.edu
 HICKEY’S BOOKS provides support and scholarships for the PERELANDRA COLLEGE WRITING PROGRAMS whose mission is to enrich popular literature and writers’ lives.
 Please consider reading more of our books, which can be purchased through the links below.
 Also from HICKEY’S BOOKS, www.hickeybooks.com
 Road Kill, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors set out on a book tour, seeking fame and fortune, happily clueless about the darkness ahead.
 No Cats, No Chocolate, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors launch an adventure with high hopes and dreams of winning the fame they're convinced they deserve, as guests on a national television show Shockabonda, by Olga Savitsky: Writers often imagine their ideal reader and compose accordingly.

 in Road Kill, No Cats, No Chocolate, the.S..T.,.T......S. S.....<eop> Also from Road Kill, by Ken Kisken and Alan Russell, No Cat, No Chocolate, by Ken Russell. Road Kill, No Cat, No Chocolate, by Ken Kuhlken and Russell, the. S..T., No Chocolate, and
-
"Just what I always wanted: fluorescent purple carpet."
 But he grinned as he took the bag from the cashier.
 "Thank you so much, Rick," she said, beaming up at him.
 "I think you're more excited about the blacklight than the clothes."
 "I love the clothes--they're beautiful.
 But the light .
 .
 .
 that's like getting roses.
 Or diamonds!"

 , ""..".. " " "." """.. ",""..".. " "" "".. "...",,,,.. "... " "..." "" ".
-
In spite of unprecedented population growth, per capita income has more than tripled.
 Between 1965 and 1985, real per capita consumption in the developing world rose by 70 per cent.
 Despite the paramount concern raised by the persis tence of high rates of unemployment in recent years, available data do not confirm a long-term trend towards rising rates of global unemployment.
 Prognosis for Employment in the Twenty-First Century
 Although it is difficult to make reliable employment projections based on past trends, we can say some things with a fair degree of certainty.
 In order to provide employment for every job seeker, the world needs to create approximately one billion new jobs during the next decade.
 This will require a job growth rate of more than 4 per cent per year compared to the less than 3 per cent achieved during the 1980s.
 About 95 per cent of the growth in the world labour force over the next 35 years will take place in developing countries.
 An additional 260 million people will enter the workforce during the 1990s.
 Employment in the East Asian economies is projected to grow by 37 per cent between 1990 and 2000, while the labour force will increase by only 17 per cent, leading to an increasing shortage of labour in the region.

 trends of the developed and less developed countries in the world, we can say that considering the growth of the global average labour force, and the demand in the emerging market economies of the developed and developing world and the growing demand in emerging economies in the Middle East and the Caribbean, we can anticipate the rising demand of the labour force and the demand for employment in the developing world. Accordingly, the labour force is likely to be one of the most important sources of employment in the developing world. The current
-
"Why?"
 "I could sit right beside you in a 1927 car."
 "You have a good point."
 As soon as he'd pulled out of the driveway, he took her hand.
 "Did you have a good time tonight?"
 "Mmm."
 She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
 Rick was glad that the trip home was long enough to give him a chance to cool down.
 If they'd been alone at home instead of leaning against his car in his sister's driveway, he would have had a hard time stopping.
 So when they got home and Marie put her arms around his neck, obviously ready to pick up where they'd left off, he held her away.

 <eop> """.""""...""" """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" at the beach". """""""""""""""" at the beach." """"""" at the beach. """" at the beach"."
-
I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.
 It continued on—her father’s rigorous schedule, their distaste for her sister—and then the entries got more detailed and frequent.
 Mother has been too ill lately for guests.
 I have not been able to see her.
 The tedium of my duties is getting to me and Father has been relentless with my studies, pushing me harder and harder to strengthen my control.
 My sister has been exploring the mountains.
 I see her bring in all sorts of interesting finds, but she refuses to tell me where she got them.
 I wish there were a way to sneak out.
 I would follow her or force her to show me, but Father is keeping a close eye on me, making certain I stick to a strict schedule.
 This morning he brought in a detailed list for Rune, giving him direction through a series of tasks.

 ... I was instructed to go to the A, to the B.. and to the C, to... and to the.., to the... and then to... and to take a... and to take a...... and then to....... I have to take... and I have got to go all the way down to the C
-
The second bit of Ruby’s parting comment registered, so I excused myself to her room with a yawn and a short good night.
 I closed the door behind me, and though tired, knew I wouldn’t sleep with him in the next room.
 I walked to the back window and stared out into the night.
 Moonlight glinted off Ruby’s figure in the distance, heading away from the village.
 I didn’t think.
 I just pulled a cloak from the pile on her bed and was out the hidden door behind the wardrobe.
 I ran in a crouch, praying no one spotted me as I gained on her.
 I only once glanced at the house in the fear I wouldn’t be able to find my way back.
 If I wanted to catch Ruby, I wouldn’t be able to mark my path.
 Her cloaked form leapt over a tall rock and disappeared.

 I wouldn’t be able to see her again. I stared at the wall, not sure if I could see her again in the distance............ Just another look at the wall. She was there, waiting for me at the wall.<eop> In the darkness, I ran.......................... I ran to the back door and locked it
-
“I’m sorry.”
 She ended his pain with a small lance of ice through his forehead.
 “Thank you for your aid,” one of the elves said.
 “We must fall back to the forest.
 If they chase us there, it will be suicide.”
 “We will not have to fall back so far,” Felewen disagreed.
 “They have scattered about our town.
 Their numbers mean nothing now.
 Besides,” she grinned, “we have Aurelia Thyne.”
 Both bowed politely.

 continued to speak. She turned to Felewen.<eop> “I talk to her?”<eop> “She can, if you ask me to,” Felewen said. “And I’ll get to her soon, talk to her.”<eop> Felewen, the woman, and the elves nodded.<eop> “They have scattered about the town as well, and I think they’re going to try to take the whole town,” she said. “Go back to the forest.”<eop>
-
I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.
 It continued on—her father’s rigorous schedule, their distaste for her sister—and then the entries got more detailed and frequent.
 Mother has been too ill lately for guests.
 I have not been able to see her.
 The tedium of my duties is getting to me and Father has been relentless with my studies, pushing me harder and harder to strengthen my control.
 My sister has been exploring the mountains.
 I see her bring in all sorts of interesting finds, but she refuses to tell me where she got them.
 I wish there were a way to sneak out.
 I would follow her or force her to show me, but Father is keeping a close eye on me, making certain I stick to a strict schedule.
 This morning he brought in a detailed list for Rune, giving him direction through a series of tasks.

 tomorrow morning, go to the mountains, and this is a long day. I have to do my homework and study for three days of the week this week. I am going to talk with Rune a few days two days a week and every other day, I get to go to the mountains, and I am going to do it again. I talk to her, study, and force her to study. Then I go back to the mountains. I get to talk with Rune, and she
-
My mom and dad were sitting in the living room looking extremely excited.
 Before I even had a chance to say hi, my mom jumped up and rushed over to me.
 “You never told us that you applied for a summer camp!” my mom squealed happily.
 “You also didn’t tell us that you were to be picked from the best.
 Congratulations!” She hugged me.
 “Um,” I choked out in surprise as I was squeezed, “I wanted it to be…uh…a surprise.” I managed to get the words out and seem intelligent.
 My mom released me from her clamp-like hug, “Well I am surprised, and very proud!” “Thank you?” I said slowly.
 This must have been the dwarf’s plan.
 Would have been nice if he had warned me, I thought bitterly.
 My dad got up and glowed happily behind my mom.

 I saw my dad, I smiled, and then he got up and hugged me hard. As he hugged me hard, I was shocked and jumped up again. I was standing at the other side of my dad sitting in the living room looking just a little red in the face. I walked up and saw him, waving to him. He was wearing a shirt. He was wearing a shirt. As I put my arms around the shirt, he smiled. He smiled, "Oh...
-
The elf fired two more volleys but all the arrows froze beside the others.
 “Fool,” Velixar hissed.
 At once, the arrows turned and resumed their flight, straight at Dieredon.
 The elf dove, rolling underneath the barrage.
 Not an arrow had hit earth before the elf tucked his feet and kicked.
 The blades sprang from his bow.
 He crossed the distance between the two in a heartbeat.
 Velixar accepted a stab deep into his chest.
 A pale hand grabbed Dieredon’s throat, its grip iron and its flesh ice.
 “It will be painful,” Velixar said.

 ed. Dieredon stumbled back to the elf and his sword rested in his hand, resting beside him.<eop> “He will never feel it,” the elf whispered. He glances back to the elf, glaring at the source of the arrows. The other elf flung out his sword and his blade gleamed with a hue the color of fire. Two of the arrows fell to the ground and Dieredon’s wrists froze in place. Velix
-
They wrestled him to the ground, cuffed him and began their search of him and his vehicle and, later, his house.
 Brandon had been recorded agreeing to the deal and he had paraphernalia in his possession.
 Unfortunately for the police, they chose to drop the net on him when he had hit bottom and couldn’t afford the drugs they hoped they would catch him with.
 During his 23-hour period in jail, the narcotics officers shook him down for everything he was worth.
 The process of getting one drug dealer to set up the next is as old as the trade itself (my own brother had done it over 35 years before).
 During the interrogation, which included the usual scare tactics, the cops showed him a great deal of information they had collected on him.
 Even though they didn’t have the bust they wanted, they had him verbally agreeing to provide drugs and several people willing to testify that Brandon had provided them with Oxy and other drugs.
 They had been monitoring him for some time and had ample surveillance to make up for the lack of drugs at his actual bust.
 Brandon had been dealing Oxy for the past few years and the police had been looking to get him.
 Brandon had at one time been moving thousands of these tiny green prescription pain pills through California, making nighttime drives to Los Angeles and back to buy huge quantities to supply the Sacramento area.

 case of the Oxy he had been found to be made by a small drug dealer in Southern California, but was made in a large warehouse in Sacramento. When the police knew about the drugs, they went there to investigate. The next location of the Oxy they found in Sacramento was a big warehouse used to store up the heroin. When the police found the warehouse, they immediately wanted to get him for selling Oxy and heroin. Once they knew he had the drugs, they were going to arrest
-
But I was wrong.
 He told a friend of ours many months ago that I had made him happier than he'd ever been.
 "I know how hard it was between you.
 Perhaps when two complex people can't live with each other, it's because they need each other so much they hit head on.
 "I have been thinking how important it was for Eric to be free.
 God didn't make him for this world.
 God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.
 Someplace where he could run with the wind all day."
 Our friend Kenny Neidermeyer's mom was a Spanish teacher who also volunteered with a Tijuana charity.
 Since June, four of us had been riding with her to Tijuana every Sunday to play a double-header for a ball team the charity sponsored.

 time, Kenny played with her parents, dad, her brother, and sister.<eop> One of the girls playing in the game played in a soccer game with us. One girl played in a game for a volleyball team the football team sponsors. We taught her to play ".."............"...."......."....."....".....
-
Returning to my mundane, ever so boring life was an incredible letdown, but that didn't explain the hollow sensation that'd lodged itself somewhere between my heart and stomach.
 Illogical as it sounded, the only explanation for feeling as though a part of me had been ripped out and lost was Alec's having disappeared sometime between the last note and the final bow.
 It was unsettling.
 Even my growing feelings for Brandon didn't hint at that kind of need.
 It was a pale shadow of what it felt like to lose a family member, but it was made up of too many of the same elements.
 One of the chaperons, an over-bleached woman who looked like she was struggling to deny her last eight or nine birthdays, had to call my name at least twice to shake me out of my funk.
 I followed everyone else out to the bus, but there wasn't any refuge there.
 I was just too different from everyone else.
 Hour after hour passed in silent misery, until finally the rest of the kids wore themselves out and it quieted down enough for me to lapse into a fitful sleep.
 I was smack-dab in the middle of a dream about Rachel and Britney when everything changed.

 a boy, a little boy, a little boy, a girl, a little girl... I was a boy. I was a boy. I was a boy......... I was a boy....... I love, joy, love, happiness........... There was so much of the little boy thing that nestled inside my heart, I forgot it was all......
-
"Actually I was completely serious.
 You are beautiful."
 I waited for the inevitable joke, or backhanded compliment to follow, but he seemed happy to just stop there.
 For once in my life I managed to be smart and do the same.
 "So what's the agenda for today?"
 Alec stretched and then shrugged.
 "School, just like every Monday."
 My groan brought a smile to his face.
 "I can ship pesky parents out of the country, but if you start a wholesale program of cutting class your mom will find out when she gets back."
 "So I just go about my day like normal, pretending like I don't know Brandon's a psychopath who just happens to be able to change shapes at will and rip big holes in brick walls?"

 """""""""""""""""""" """"""" """""" I groaned. """""""""""""." I groaned. """"" I'm just really..." Do you really like """ """""""" """""" """
-
“Dinner?” Junnie grinned as she reached an arm back, her cloak moving aside as she drew a bow from beneath.
 “I’ll get my own, thanks.” He nodded, a knowing smile stretched across his face.
 They turned in opposite directions, each disappearing behind the trees and rocks that strewed the mountain, as I stood alone and confused.
 I sat, shaking my head as I stared down at the bark of the tree.
 Chevelle returned quickly with two small, furred animals slung over his back.
 As his gaze reached the log that lay in front of me, it burst into an orange flame, thin branches forming a spit as he skinned and attached the animals.
 The process was so smooth, I couldn’t say exactly what had happened.
 Chevelle was changing.
 Or, more likely, he was becoming more himself.
 He wasn’t as formal.

 wrapped in a daisy, and he sat with his head resting on the tree, his hand folded to his back, facing me. Once he had taken both of his animals and had wrapped himself, he approached me with a large black cord tied in his hooded hand.<eop> He stood, his head down, his head pulled back, his shoulders relaxed, and his mouth closed to himself, as well as his face and his hands. In a small voice, Chevelle smiled. “
-
ICPF has no hesitation in putting forward ideas that are bound to unsettle, and it should be encouraged since imagination and daring are precisely what we need at the present time.
 Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
 Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
 The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.
 The Commission's report contains specific proposals in this regard as well as an overview pointing to existing domestic assets of various kinds which could help the countries concerned.
 It addresses the topic of job creation with innovative ideas on the roles of technology and trade, and emphasizes the significance of the developing countries and agricul ture in the world economy.
 Its global education programme proposal placing appropriate emphasis on the key issue of girls' and women's education is one that particularly commends itself to UNESCO, which is already actively engaged in efforts along similar lines in conjunction with its UN partners.
 This timely report should help to promote the idea of human-centred development within a culture of peace as a way forward to a better world.
 We are gratified that ICPF should have assigned UNESCO, as the intellectual arm of the United Nations, a prominent role in its recommended agenda for action, and we reaffirm our commit ment to working with all possible partners in pursuit of the goal of global peace and sustainable human development.
 Federico Mayor Director General UNESCO

 of the United Nations, and Vice Minister of Education and Culture. We are fully committed to the goals of the development of the people in their countries, the development of peace, and to the shared responsibility and responsibility for the development of the people in the global economy, the culture of peace and the development of the people in their communities, in a way forward to a better world. The Mission of UNESCO is a global holistic vision of development that is centered on the protection of the natural environment and human rights
-
Come on, give it over.
 (Gets the controller)
 Johnny – Oh come on you two are really stretching it.
 Jim – Ready?
 Johnny – Why wouldn’t I be?
 And you better not blame this beat-down on a bad controller.
 Jim – Who says there is going to be a beat down?
 (The game goes for about 2 minutes.
 Jim is animated in his responses, but not nearly so much as Eugene.)
 Jim – Hey yeah, take that.

 Jim – Listen, I am not taking that. Jim – Jim – is Eugene – Eugene – Jim – is Eugene – Eugene is Eugene – Eugene is Eugene – is Jim – Eugene – Eugene, Eugene is Eugene – Is Eugene – is Eugene... is Eugene, is Eugene – Is Eugene – Eugene.. is Eugene – Eugene... is Eugene
-
Van’dret almost felt his eye brows rise, “of course, but what should I watch out for?
 I heard it was just some sort of accident.
 I was not aware that any of the Knights of the Order were implicated.” Taiga smiled and waved a hand in a dismissing motion.
 “Oh, don’t misjudge my words.
 I did not mean to imply any misdeeds of our valiant Knights of the Soaring Heavens.
 I am not aware of any of them doing much of anything, much less kill an Immortalist.” “Than what should I keep my eye out for?” asked Van’dret.
 He was becoming even more curious to the direction of the conversation.
 “You, my fine Van’dret, are more in the world than most of us.
 You are out traveling and adventuring, while most of us Immortalist just sit in our towers.
 I have always thought that our one weakness was our isolation.

 am surrounded by my family, friends, colleagues, and closest friends. I am on my own, and I have no reason to doubt, that I am isolated because of the situation I am in now. I am in the position I was in, and the place I am. I am surrounded by the people of all over the world, and I want to always be able to do as much as I can with that. I wouldn’t be the definition of a good Immortalist
-
But it didn’t clear my head.
 I still couldn’t understand.
 A painful fear shot through me, and I tilted my head forward to run through the growth.
 Vines, thorns and leaves turned to muddy ash as they touched my outstretched arms, wet with rain.
 When I reached the edge of the onetime garden, I stopped to kneel, digging my fingers deep into the soil to form a trench.
 When I saw the bared roots, black and rotted, I was suddenly exhausted.
 It was too much.
 It took me to that familiar, mindless place, and I turned to walk toward home, void of any sensation save the slow rain on my skin.
 When I entered the house, Fannie was there, but I only trudged past her on the way to my room.
 I barely took notice of her expression, her tight grin and suspicious eyes as she took in my mud-streaked clothes, dripping hair.

 already in the shower, and the thought that I was doing that too, was unsettling to me. She touched the towel beside me, and I could feel her arousal. I didn’t care. I decided to stop and stand, feeling the rain on the inside of my skin.<eop> When I was about to step in the direction of the kitchen, Fannie stepped through the kitchen door. She stood over me, with a hand on my upper arm. She stared at me, looking confused, and
-
One of them says that the relative positions of the sun and moon and earth are important.” “Yes, I saw that.
 I tried to figure it out, and it seems like the best time would be in September.
 But I can’t wait until September!
 And what if that book isn’t right?” Rick hugged Marie, wiping away her tears.
 He led her inside and made her breakfast, which she barely touched.
 Nothing he said drew much of a response from her.
 He hated leaving her when she was so upset, but after a week’s vacation, he had a ton of work at the office.
 “Call me if you need anything, sweetheart,” he told her, kissing the top of her head just before he left.
 Marie watched him leave and then, with a sigh, rose and went to the living room, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 She’d tried so hard to get back this morning.

 of the, and the 1800’s, and the,, and the 1900s and the 1920s. Of the books and the series of historical books,, 1900s and 1920s. Of all the historical books, the,, and the 1920s, the 1900s, the 1900’s,, 2000’s,......................
-
"Thank you, Donovan.
 Have I slept in too long?"
 A gentle smile met my inquiry.
 "Those of us who don't require normal amounts of sleep have all been up for quite some time, with the exception of Master Alec, who remained abed for an uncharacteristic length of time, but the rest of the house is just now waking.
 In fact I rather suspect you have just enough time to shower and eat before Mistress Rachel will be pounding on the door, as it were, in excitement for your upcoming trip into town."
 A groan escaped me despite my best efforts.
 Donovan was too polite to ask outright, but I had to respond to his raised eyebrow or he might think I didn't want to talk to Rachel.
 "I'm sorry, Donovan, it's just that I really hate shopping."
 "Ah, yes.
 Might I suggest that possibly is due to the fact you've never pursued the activity in the right company?"

 "Yes. "" " "" " " " " "" " " " " " " " " " " " "" "Yes. " "Nah, yes." "Yes. " " " " " " " "" "" " " "Oh, no, yes."<eop><eod>
-
"What?"
 "How your touch makes me feel."
 She released a shaky sigh, hiding her hands in her lap.
 "Everything you do makes me feel this way.
 When you kiss me, when you kiss my neck, when you pressed me against the car.
 And yesterday when you kissed my back.
 No one else has ever made me feel like this.
 How can it be that your kissing my back makes my heart pound harder than Davis' kissing my lips?"
 "Because you love me."
 He would have loved to answer all her questions, but he knew she'd be embarrassed.

 " " " " " "" "" "" " "" " "" " " " "" " "" " "" " " " " "" " " " " " " "" " " "" " " " " " " " " "
-
Three times counting tonight.
 She didn't understand.
 Up until the last couple of weeks, he'd almost always been sweet and considerate.
 He had never been unkind to her before they'd become betrothed.
 Of course, both times before when he'd shouted at her, he'd come to her to-- "Marie?"
 Davis called as he tapped on her door.
 "Darling, I'm sorry.
 Please come out for a minute."
 She went to open the door.
 "You hurt my feelings.

 Marie said." "You think I come to her..." "No, Davis said. "No, I'm sorry." "You come to her once, and I...."..."" "" -" ".." "..." I'm not sorry." ".." "-" "-"..." "Oh, I
-
Why I left the electric stuff behind partly.
 CM:  	Really.
 Why?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, he did it all, he took it to the edge and then when the edge laughed at him he laughed back, man, and he went over.
 And he fucking took it with him.
 It’s disrespectful in a way to continue in that vein.
 CM:  	So you went softer, acoustic?
 BG:  	Careful saying “softer,” man.
 To players it sounds too much like “weaker,” you dig?
 Like tea.

 : MC: MC: MC: MC: AM: MC: PM: PM: MC: MG: MG: MG: MC PM: MC: MC: MC: Man: Man: I made it, man. MC: PM. MC: PM. AM: MC: Man:.... Man, I,... um,... I,... well, I
-
Rick had beautiful blue eyes and-and a broad, muscular chest that she got to see every morning if she woke up before he did.
 In her dreams, he never had on a shirt, and he was always smiling.
 That dream might change now.
 Right now the image in her mind was of his face as it had come closer and closer to hers.
 She'd wanted him to kiss her.
 But she was going to marry Davis--she couldn't kiss another man!
 "Are you hungry, honey?"
 Rick asked when "I Love Lucy" went off.
 "No.
 But I-I don't feel like watching TV any more right now.

 s the..." " " "" " "" " " " " " " " " " " " " " "" " "" " " "... " There's the..." " " " "..." There's... " " Going to
-
It is no wonder that the first such initiative comes in Europe, which has been the leader of thought for the past 500 years – from the birth of modern science and parliamentary democracy to nationalism, socialism and universal education – and which has been working for the past five decades to evolve a viable working model of fully democratic, voluntary supra-nationalism.
 Democratization of the UN: The phenomenal advance of Europe’s multi-dimensional unification is a clear indication that in future international institutions will play a more important role than national governments.
 But this can happen only to the extent that these institutions are living proponents of democratic functioning and individual freedom.
 Ten years ago ICPF called for the democratization of the United Nations by abolition of the veto power in the Security Council, induction of new members to make that body more representative, and establishment of democratically-elected representative government as an essential condition for membership or active participation in the UN system.
 The nexus between democracy and prosperity is undeniable.
 The democratic revolution that has so effectively penetrated Eastern Europe in recent years and extended its roots in other regions must be taken to its logical conclusion at the level of nations and at the level of international institutions.
 World Peace Army: The most far-sighted of ICPF’s proposals sought to evolve a practical mechanism to promote the objectives of cooperative security and democratic freedom.
 It called for the establishment of a World Peace Army, to be constituted by and open to all democratic countries willing to renounce the right to aggression against other nations and willing to contribute personnel and resources to an international multilateral military force capable of defending its members from external threats.
 Such a mechanism, so long as it is inclusive, would provide a real and viable alternative to national militarization, whether or not it was constituted by or within the UN system.
 The success of NATO in maintaining peaceful relations among the democratic states of Western Europe and North America for more than half a century is a viable model which is limited primarily by the exclusivity of its membership.

 and participation in the UN: The progress of the new security alliance in Europe is a real sign of the continuing commitment to democracy, individual freedom and the development of supra-nationalism. As the democratic arm of the United Nations, and as international law, it needs to coordinate efforts to promote security and cooperation in all countries and territories. ICPF proposes to develop the principles of democracy, participation in the UN and the de-centralization of the UN as a new instrument of cooperation and stability.
-
Art – Yep.
 Jim – Even the evil incarnate bit?
 Art – Yep.
 Jim – And she stuck around?
 Art – Yep.
 Jim – You weren’t pretending to be the billionaire dictator of a major software firm were you?
 I mean you have that look about you.
 Art – I told her that I was an electronics repair-man, that I fixed gizmos and so forth.
 Jim – And she still stuck around?
 Art – She even decided to spend more time with me.

 – Jim – Art – She even decided to spend some more time with me? Art – Yeah... I love it, it, it, I love, it, it, it, I love, it, it, I love, I, I, I love.... I love, I love....................
-
He looked up at Rodregas with a confused expression and asked, “Do you know what this is?” “Not really, I found it in Raven Keep.
 It felt of magic so I took it.
 I thought it might be worth something.” Jordaan smiled and laughed as he said, “Worth something indeed.
 This is a minor Sigil of Healing.” It was Rodregas who gasped this time and said, “Infernals!
 We had a Sigil of Healing all this time?
 If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
 All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
 Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.
 Jordaan agreed to do the inscribing and show the others the technique.
 In return Imeralda would inscribe Jordaan who was also eager for the sigil.

 explained that they had to sign the sigil if they wanted to get the scrolls. Jordaan agreed to sign the sigil in the morning, but the other two agreed to wait.<eop>........... Back to the farm......... Gilda signed the minor sigil, and she and the others..................
-
The elves are more than wary of my presence now.
 Be ready come nightfall, and watch for my shadow.
 When it does come, that means war is on the horizon.
 Our glorious time has almost arrived.”
 Raising a pale hand, he dismissed them.
 Qurrah turned to leave, but Harruq lingered.
 “Master,” he asked, “when this fight starts, which side will we be on?”
 His brother narrowed his eyes, knowing exactly why the question was asked.
 Velixar, however, seemed either not to know or not to care.
 “If the elves win, Vaelor will have no choice but to leave them be.

 elves are on the horizon, and Vaelor will be on the horizon, Vaelor will have no choice but to choose to leave them be.”<eop> “ “Master, if the elves don't win the war, then Vaelor will not be with them.,” he continued, “Vailor will leave. Vailor will leave the elves behind, and Vaelor will leave them be. For Vaelor they will not get what they deserve....
-
Van’dret whispered, “Please, I am bleeding.
 I need to see a healer.” Rodregas stared at the sorcerer in disbelief.
 He suffered a few minor injuries and he expected they would just go get him a healer?
 The man killed people to steal their bodies and power.
 How could he think they would respond to such a request?
 “Please hurry, I need a healer now,” Van’dret demanded.
 “We will get you a healer as soon as you finish answering our questions,” said Doi’van, his voice more growl than speech.
 “First tell us who among the Immortalists are trying to break ‘The One Law’ and why,” “I can’t,” Van’dret whimpered.
 “I mean I don’t know anything about Immortalists breaking ‘The One Law.’” He suddenly groaned and would have doubled up if Doi’van had not been sitting on his chest.
 Imeralda smiled.

 gas continued, “You’...............”, ““’.........’.............................”, “’, “’.......He’s one of the I..............
-
could she have wandered into the neighbors' garden by mistake?
 She retraced her steps, but everything looked even less familiar than the marigolds.
 She knew there were no white roses in their garden.
 She was sure that the house was in this direction.
 The pond should be right over there .
 .
 .
 but it wasn't.
 Jittery, she stopped to try to get her bearings.
 She couldn't have gotten lost in her own garden!

 from the pond to the house... she looked at the marigolds..... she sure knew she was in this direction, but she knew the path between the roses and the ponds. Jittery, she turned her back to her steps to her left side, and suddenly realized I was right..... I was right.......
-
At some point, I became aware of what I was doing.
 I drew back.
 “I have to go now.” He looked devastated.
 “Goodbye, young Noble.” “Can I see you again?” I smiled.
 “I will return.” He took a deep breath, satisfied.
 “I’ll be waiting.” As I turned to go, I realized I hadn’t asked any of the important questions that had been nagging me.
 I’d have to try harder tomorrow, stay on task.
 I ran back to the castle at full speed.
 Ruby cleared her throat and I shoved the book into my pack.
 I glanced over at her but she was still facing out the window.

 up again and tossed it into the middle of the table.<eop> I reached back for the book and grabbed it out of my back pocket, carefully lifting it from the table and holding it on to the front cover. I reached for it, wanting to read it. I’d never have to read it again. I’d lost it. I ran back over to the castle, panicked, and realized that if I was going to take my place in the castle, I’d be going to
-
Growth was confined to the advancement of a small number of individuals, mostly within existing levels of the established social order.
 Development was a slow, haphazard and largely unconscious result of countless individual efforts.
 Today, people in most developing countries are motivated by an expectation, an urge, a feverish drive for rapid advancement that has acquired the characteristics of a social revolution.
 The search for greater comfort, convenience, security and enjoyment motivates entire societies to embrace progress as their primary goal and collectively dedicate themselves to achieve it.
 The race for development has become an intense preoccupation of every nation.
 The slow pace of trial and error growth is no longer adequate to meet the rising demands of the people.
 The awakening of this compelling urge has unleashed a powerful social force for human progress.
 That force refuses to be bound by either rationality or morality.
 Revolution means to bring future results more quickly, sooner than they would come through normal evolutionary processes.
 In earlier ages, people revolted when their most basic needs were not met, when they were denied rights or oppressed.

 times, the desires of the people began to find their way into the constitutions, constitutions, customs and laws of all societies. While the new economy and the enchant of revolution facilitated the rapid development of societies, both social development and economic growth were not in the interest of mankind.<eop> The modern social revolution was not the rational, rational, and moral product of a society. It was simply a spontaneous and spontaneous response to the growing needs of the people. Most of the revolutions
-
Even if it were true, you're hardly the type to give away the upper hand by coming out and telling me so."
 Alec's eyes had taken on the serious, resigned expression that'd become disturbingly commonplace lately.
 "I know.
 I think that last part bothers me the most, but I find myself doing so nevertheless.
 Make sure you wait at least half an hour.
 There's a definite element of danger to all of this."
 ** I must have checked the clock sixteen times during the last five minutes of the obligatory half-hour.
 The sensible, grownup part of me was arguing for another five minutes just to make sure, but I told that part to take a flying leap and all but ran through the house looking for Donovan.
 "Yes, mistress?
 Do you need something?"

 """""" """"""" """"""" """""""""""""""""""""""" ".." """"""""""You don't need anything..." """..""""" """""""""""""""
-
Most of his bruises had already faded, hidden beneath the gray hue of his skin.
 He drew many glances, however, and he did his best to ignore them.
 The people of Woodhaven accepted him but still viewed his blood in bad regard.
 Elves and humans held little love for the orcish kind and had ever since their creation.
 That distaste suited Harruq just fine.
 Deep down, Harruq felt he deserved their ire.
 He stopped by Maggie’s Place, not bothering to go inside.
 It was early morning and anyone already drinking would hardly be useful.
 Instead, he stopped the first random passerby that appeared to be a kindly person.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked, butchering the pronunciation.

 a woman named Aurelia?” It would have to be...., no.............................. well, I’m not a good guy......... to............ no, no, no, I’m in a coma.........
-
If you failed the ceremony the only sign would be silence.
 “So what did he want?” she asked.
 Van’dret hesitated for a moment, not sure if he should respond.
 But, Gracella was an impressive Immortalist and a rising star in the Guild.
 She had been Oreintvenir own Adapt when she was young, and as a favored member of the Guild, her friendship could prove important some day.
 “He simply wanted me to keep an eye out when I travel to the Cathedral of the Heavens,” he responded.
 The two of them were slowly walking back to his suite through the gleaming marble corridors with their wide windows and breath taking views of the city below; they both shared polite nods to other Immortalist, mostly young Adapts who resided in the city.
 She did not respond to his answer at first, finally she asked “Does he want you to keep an eye out for Oreintvenir?” Van’dret shook his head and said.
 “He mentioned Ravenhurr as a concern.” “But, he simply went mad.
 That is not uncommon,” she said with a voice laced with surprise.

 through the door of the Bishop’s suite, Van’dret stopped walking and looked around his room. “Well, that is exactly what he was going to do,” he was sensing the tone she was trying to convey. “Oh, and this is it.” “And he was right.” “He did not ask that Van’dret attend,” she said. “So he is not going to invite you to the Bishop’s wedding.” Gracella said,
-
I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
 I shouldn’t do it.
 I couldn’t.
 But I was.
 I was going to do it.
 And if I got caught?
 I could claim ignorance.
 The entire clan thought I was an imbecile in any case.
 Maybe I would just see how close I could get.
 Maybe just to try… And then I was there, standing in front of the Council building and walking in.

 ........,........... I was in........................................... I was in........ I was in............ I was in. I was in.
-
Neither spoke.
 Qurrah felt his nerves fray, and in his gut a sudden confusion swelled.
 He felt as if he hung over the side of a cliff, and the bones he held were the rope.
 The elf let go of his bow and held his hands out to either side.
 “No more have to die,” the elf said.
 The flesh around his eyes sagged wearily, and he leaned against the window to aid in standing.
 It was as if grief had rendered him lifeless.
 Let go, Qurrah thought.
 He could let go.
 Fall down the cliff, and find what awaited him at the bottom.

 the ropes, and by the far end of the rope, he was at the bottom of the ledge. With each breath, he struggled to stand, the tears of grief in his eyes, and the glimmer of hope in his heart. The elf had the rope in his hands, and his eyes, and his heart......... He reached out, and he was holding one of the bones that held him........<eop><eod>
-
It probably wouldn't have been good enough to save me from having to actually say something, but Brandon was leaning against a wall.
 "I thought it much safer to stay in one place and wait for you rather than wander around and risk getting knocked down."
 I felt my skin flush with embarrassment.
 It was fairly gentle as teasing went, but I hated how my skin looked when I was blushing which meant I blushed more than any two other people.
 Not only that, I couldn't ever come up with anything good to say when someone teased me.
 Brandon seemed to sense my unease, and flashed another gentle smile.
 "I just wanted to find out if you had a way home tonight after you finished up with your math stuff."
 Britney was almost jumping up and down.
 "Oh, don't worry, Brandon, I'll give Adri a ride home.
 The poor thing lives all the way out in the Anderson home.

 give her a hell of a ride," Britney said with a wicked grin.<eop> "Ady, what's up with it Brandon?" Britney asked in a quieter voice. Brandon gave her a gentle smile, and told her, "Damn it Britney." Britney looked around the room. "Well, I thought it was really nice to see how we were doing." I didn't have much time to tell her what my problem was. Okay, okay
-
I opened my mouth to agree with her, but stopped before the words could fully form.
 I didn't know much, but fraud wasn't the kind of thing you associated with a slap on the wrist.
 If the worst happened and Mom was going to serve jail time then we had bigger problems than even what she was admitting to.
 ** It looked like the sun must have set hours ago, but it wasn't really dark.
 The full moon seemed oddly brighter than normal, edging the landscape with a silvery tracing.
 The cool illumination was strangely complemented by the warm tendrils of light trying to escape from the greenery surrounding the area.
 I let my gaze drop, and found an unearthly pool of liquid light at my feet.
 The quiet murmur of falling water to my right kindled a burning thirst I hadn't realized I'd been feeling since I opened my eyes.
 Looking towards the waterfall, I found a shimmering ribbon of light working its way down the rock face.
 The sight was so incredibly beautiful it took me several moments to realize the tendril was the waterfall I'd been looking for.

 closer, I could see the water rising, I could see the reflection of the water, the ripples, the ripples, the...<eop> I started to shake my head back to my wits, my throat hurt, and I sat up, trembling. After a few moments, I felt the urge to fold my arms, to lay on the ground, I wanted to run to Mom, I just couldn... I couldn't get up...<eop> Looking at the
-
“Open it,” Harruq said.
 “You’ll see.”
 Aurelia pried off the lid and peered inside.
 A small bouquet of flowers lay on the bottom of the box.
 She lifted them up, smiling at the violets, blues, and reds.
 “That’s sweet Harruq, but why?”
 “Just to, you know.” He kicked a rock.
 “Wanted to thank you for sparring with me,” he said.
 “They’re beautiful,” Aurelia said as she inhaled the aroma.
 “But why the box?”

 , the rock thrust into her hand, ready to hold the small red flower in the bouquet. She pulled off the lid. She took a step closer, staring at the large bouquet. “Open the box.” “No way.” “...open the box yourself,” he said. Once inside, he pulled back of the box and placed it over the top of the flowers in the bouquet. Aurelia went up to the top and placed the small bouquet of red flowers over the
-
And she was so beautiful.
 Rick went to bed without having decided anything about an outfit for the dance.
 But for some reason, the young woman from the 1920s was still very much on his mind.
 CHAPTER THREE
 "I said no!"
 Marie stared at her betrothed.
 All she wanted to know was why they couldn't at least have dinner together tonight.
 He'd said he had to work, but it was Friday, and he had to eat anyway.
 But her persistence had made him lose his temper, and now she was rapidly losing hers.
 "I'm sorry having dinner with me is such a burden on you," she snapped, turning to leave.

 , I said no."............" "........." "..." "....., "......" ".........." ".................." "..........
-
“Something’s wrong, Harruq.
 Tell me what bothers you so?”
 Harruq sighed and looked away.
 He gently tapped his swords together.
 “I don’t know.
 Bored.”
 “Am I not a challenge?”
 He made vague shrug that could be taken either way.
 Let her think that was it, he thought.
 It was a whole lot better than the truth.

 , the,, the, the, the,, and.... of the,, the, the,, the, the, the, the,, the,, the, and the.... the, the,, the,, and the.... of the,, the, the, and the,,, the, and the,, the, the, and the.... of the,.....<eop><eod> In the
-
Painful too, he noticed as he took a few steps.
 Furious, he turned back to the corpse of the drunken man and smashed a fist against its chest.
 The body shriveled into dust, only the bones remaining.
 “Halt!” shouted a voice from far down the street.
 Qurrah glimpsed an elf carrying a bow.
 Just one, the half-orc noticed, but that would quickly change.
 “Perhaps you’ll have some use after all,” Qurrah said to the bones.
 He whispered words of magic as the elf took a few steps closer and notched an arrow.
 A purple fire surrounded the bones, pulled them into the air, and then hurled them in a giant wave.
 The elf released his own arrow, but Qurrah was faster.

 of the bones in the hot air, the elf also notched a word of magic down to one of the bones. The drunken man managed to touch the elf with a hand, held it in the hot air, then licked it, and it ate, again, and again, in the fire. The purple fire engulfed the air again as the man released the fire back to the bones.<eop> As the elf approached, the man stopped, pointing the fire at the elf.
-
CM: 	The tall one, the figure.
 BG:  	Yeah, that’s the newest.
 With all the floating objects around it?
 CM:  	Yeah.
 BG:  	That’s new.
 You know, Lor studied with this old artist in New York, this Brazilian named Oyvind Fahlstrőm.
 Really, that was his name.
 I think he’s still alive.
 Lor, have you heard from him, from Oy?
 She took a lot from him.

 s, and paintings, and painting oils, and sculptures, and oil paintings. Now, there’s the paintings, yeah, the paintings, all the sculptures, all the oils, oils, paintings, oil paintings, oils, oils, sculptures, and... MMMM: MM: MM MM: MMMM MMMM. Well, it changes. Now, there’s the paintings, all the oils, all the sculptures,
-
She sat, immobile, watching me.
 It was morning before she broke.
 “You have your fire back.” It hadn’t occurred to me.
 I held my hand out and flicked a flame above my palm, then promptly extinguished it.
 I tried moving a stone from the ground to no avail.
 Just fire.
 I sighed.
 But Ruby looked hopeful.
 The group approached warily, keeping their eyes on me.
 Chevelle hung farther back, avoiding my gaze as he hovered near the edge of the mist.

 to the other side of the mist, and froze. I shivered, shivered, cold, shivering, and livid, shivering, freezing. But I wanted to go back to her. She was a..,,,,,,...<eop> I climbed to the top of the edge of the mist. Crossing the path back to the other side, I caught a good glimpse of the guardians. It was a large ball of green fire. I stared
-
Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
 Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
 Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?
 Art – Have you been.
 Odd, I didn’t see you.
 Though I did get side-tracked a little bit.
 Jim – Side-tracked by what?
 Art – I’m in love.
 Jim – (Stares at Art)

 – I’m in love? Art – I think I’m in love, Jim. Art – Jim – I’m in love Art – (Enters) Ah Jim – I love Jim – I’m in love, Jim. Art – Oh, my, my God, my oh, I’m sorry, I still love you. Jim – I know you too, Jim. Art – That’s it Jim –
-
The Tun brothers did not go straight home that night.
 Harruq veered them off into the grassy hills south of Woodhaven.
 “Why do we go this way?” Qurrah asked, his arm draped around his brother.
 His sagging body seemed ready to collapse into slumber at any time.
 “I need to retrieve the swords I dropped,” Harruq said quietly.
 “I want to train with them.”
 Qurrah nodded so absently that Harruq wondered if his brother even heard him.
 They walked in silence under the beauty of the stars.
 “Hey, Qurrah?”
 “Yes, brother?”

 smiled. Harruq threw his bag and the swords over his shoulder. “I left you here, late last night, back in the woods. I left you in the woods the rest of the night. Once there, he stood at the edge of the edge of the tree and peered out into the dark. Dark, dark, dark. He looked out like a wolf, afraid of a wolf.<eop> Harruq stepped up and looked at his brother’s face. “Where is
-
Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
 Greg: And the bra, wow is it confining.
 Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
 (flirts)I would really appreciate it.
 Greg: Do these shorts make my butt look big?
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  I mean bigger than usual.
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  Man this thong is riding.

 thong is riding. Man I want to..................... I want to get....... I want to want to get the thong.... I want to get this, and I want to to... I want to.... I want to...... I..... I
-
Seth ran from the trees, brandishing his sword.
 He swung it around and clashed with one of the faery's swords.
 The faery brought the other around and Seth twisted to avoid it.
 He grabbed the blade and flung it out of the man's arms.
 He roared angrily and threw his sword down on Seth, who raised his up to block it.
 Seth pushed back, but I could see him shaking.
 Right when I thought he was winning, my mouth dropped open.
 Time seemed to slow as one of the other faery guys ran over to Seth and the one he was locked with.
 The faery raised one of the hilts of his sword and brought it down on Seth.
 It collided with his head and Seth dropped his sword.

 ry guy jumped Seth up and kicked him in the face and he ran back to him. One of the rest of the faery guys threw the blade back at the other guy. Seth then charged the faery guy with the blade again.<eop>..................................................
-
She bound her breasts to flatten them?
 She was so small and slender that he'd just assumed she was small busted.
 Why would any woman want to flatten her breasts?
 "Women don't do that now, Marie.
 They like having .
 .
 .
 being .
 .
 .

 ... ''......'...'..........''......'.....'''..'.... '..... '
-
“No, I can’t say it is a good idea.
 Mixing more than casually with Nymphs always leads to problems, but it is not my problem.
 In fact,” he said with a careful glance around him.
 “I would have jumped at the chance myself.” “I am probably too ugly by both AElf and Nymph standards for her to be interested.
 Then again, you know Nymphs; they are naturally polyamorous and very sexual.
 It is a shock that she was not already sexually involved with one or both of us already.” Doi’van added, “Maybe her AElf blood means she does not have as strong a sex drive as most Nymphs since AElven marriage bonds are always monogamous.
 By the Celestial gods she is half AElf and half Nymph, who knows what to expect.
 Humans and Orqui are both in the middle of their two extremes and becoming emotionally involved with either always ends with heartbreak.” Doi’van’s deep voice was just stating a fact, if an unpleasant one.
 Rodregas nodded, he agreed but he was not the young man he looked.
 “I do understand that, and I expect nothing from her.”  He smiled and said, “But I do plan to enjoy what we do have for as long as it lasts.” “And when she takes other lovers?” Doi’van asked.

 doesn’t she just marry me?” I don’t know. Do Rodregas nodded, he agreed again. “I......................... I..... I have the money. I............................... I.....
-
Only he hadn't been able to keep the act up for more than just a few seconds.
 I must really repulse him.
 Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
 I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
 He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.
 Spanish was both better and worse.
 Better because without Alec sitting six feet away from me I was able to think about something other than him, worse because we had a pop quiz and I barely placed in the A- range despite having spent a fair amount of time on my vocabulary.
 Math was plain and simply burning up too much time.
 Something needed to change because my only hope of going to college was to get a scholarship, or load up on student loans, and I had no desire to graduate sixty thousand dollars in debt and spend the next fifteen years trying to pay it all off.

 because I didn't know what I did.....,.. because I didn't know how to do it....,.,.,.....,.......... because I didn't want to think about anything else, and I was just happy to see that it didn't add up. I couldn't believe that the math equation was wrong, but for a second I knew it was a
-
Jim – That looks like the letter ‘t’.
 I still can’t make sense of it.
 Eugene – Nobody else could either.
 Art – He was doing so well.
 Jim – Wait a minute that’s an ‘f’.
 Liz – He was doing a lot better.
 Eugene – He had actually been smiling the last couple months.
 Jim – Hmmmmm…
 Art – That damn kid.
 Why did he do it?

 – He was doing it. He was doing it smiling, he was doing it. I couldn’t do it I was just not doing it. I was doing it...... I just couldn’t not do it, I could do it. It wasn’t..... He’s doing it..... Eugene – He was. He was......... It was......
-
"Mmm."
 She kissed him again.
 Rick returned her kiss and then gently disengaged her arms.
 "It's getting late.
 We need to get home."
 He helped her into the car.
 "I think I like 1927 cars better than 2011 cars," Marie said as Rick slid behind the wheel.
 "Why?"
 "I could sit right beside you in a 1927 car."
 "You have a good point."

 """ " "" """ "" " " " " " " "" " "" ".." "... "" " "" "" "" """ "" """ " "" " "" """ in a 1927 car." "" " ""
-
I'll try not to be very late."
 He was still smiling as he hung up.
 She was incredible.
 The last three weeks had been wonderful.
 She was so much fun, and he loved knowing that she'd be waiting for him when he got home.
 Sometimes the intimacy of living with her was a strain--sleeping and showering under the same roof, shopping for underwear and doing laundry, lazy evenings when he held her close.
 She was beautiful and sexy, and he ached to kiss and caress her and make love to her.
 But he cared about her too much to press her.
 "Marie!"
 he called when he got home that afternoon.

 Marie," said the receiver. "Marie," """<eop> "Marie," """..."<eop> """"<eop> "...<eop> """""...<eop> ""... "" """"<eop> """"<eop> "" It was a joy to kiss her and make love to her...<eop> """""<eop>
-
Instead the image of Alec, the one that had burned itself onto my retinas a few seconds previously just as it had done in physics when I'd looked over to see his broken pencil, flared back into life before my eyes.
 "You knew there was another time.
 Alec told you about Physics."
 Rachel opened her mouth, probably to deny it, but the look in her eyes told me it was true.
 She couldn't possibly be that scared about me putting two and two together if he'd been saying nice things about me.
 He hated me, and she was scared of him, scared of what he'd do if he found out she'd let his secret slip.
 "It's not like that, Adri.
 It's..." I didn't even have to cut her off.
 She couldn't finish her own thought, couldn't come up with a lie that was believable.
 I shook my head and went back to my desk before my invulnerability wore off and she brought on another attack.

 .. I..." I stopped.<eop> "No, Rachel," whispered.<eop> "You know what? I don't listen to you, Adri. Don't even want to hear you. "Don't tell me that. Don't tell me. I'll tell you something else."<eop> I sighed. "I won't tell you. Don't tell me, Rachel. I'll..."<eop>
-
I’ve got a reputation.
 They wouldn’t believe me if I went in and testified that the sky was blue.
 Johnny – Who’s damned fault is that?
 Eugene – It’s mine.
 For the most part it was worth it.
 Especially when the news story broke that officer Roberts spent an entire week diligently patrolling the area while keeping an eye out for Martians who are in the country illegally.
 But no matter, I won’t be going to them anyway.
 Johnny – Then what are you going to do?
 Eugene – I’m going to move on with my life, hopefully.
 And keep the promise I made to Art.

 I will come back and live in the country."<eop> Eugene – Yes. Johnny – I’ll come back. I do what I can, and I live in the country. And while I’m in here, I have family, and friends, and so that’s why I made this promise... So I do what I do what I can, I do what I can, and then I say whatever I do, and I don’t change that.
-
But it has taken me decades to gain a meager command of Spanish.
 So I resort to an English dictionary, look up "adore" and all I find are synonyms: worship; revere, venerate; and one somewhat helpful description: deep, rapturous love.
 That one rings truest.
 According to my vocabulary, if we adore something, we are drawn to it and resist separation.
 Its presence comforts, inspires, provides us with hope and meaning.
 The thought of losing it may terrify or leave us in despair.
 I feel all that about my kids.
 I have felt somewhat the same about a few others, at least for a time.
 But I would be lying if I claimed to feel all that about God.
 My problem invites the question: how can I adore God when I don’t quite know what to make of him?

 love, love, love, adore,, adore, love, adore,, love, adore, love I am adore, I am adore love, adore love, I am adore love, and adore love, I am, adore..... I am adore love, I am........ I am adore love, adore love....... I feel that about the kids. But I am not pretending to feel that about my husband. I
-
I waited while we made another quarter of a journey, him gracefully, me not quite so much, around the floor, before opening my mouth to speak, but he beat me to it.
 "I don't suppose either of us talk about our dads much.
 I'm not pushing, but if you ever need to talk about him, about what happened, I'll listen.
 I'll even try to suppress the natural male instinct to present advice or solutions."
 I missed another step, but I wasn't fighting off a panic attack, I was just shocked that his words hadn't triggered one.
 Maybe it was just a function of the simple passage of time, but that didn't feel like the right answer.
 Wrapped inside his right arm as I was, the pleasant tingle surging through me wherever our skin touched, it seemed utterly impossible anything could ever have that kind of power to hurt me again.
 I regained my footing, and it wasn't until Alec ceased moving that I realized the music had stopped.
 "Sorry, the stipulation was two decent songs, and then the DJ could play three of whatever he was in the mood for."
 "It's okay, I actually need to sit down for a minute."

 " """"...""""""""..."""..." """...""...""..." to the extent the stipulation was now in the DJ. "Sorry, I don't know what's wrong."<eop> "I still don't understand, Alec." "I don't need to do that."<eop>
-
It must have been a dream.
 I had fallen asleep looking at my mother’s pendant, trying to remember her, and somehow combined it with the disaster I had read of the northern clans.
 It was only a dream.
 Shaken, I sat up, struggling to collect myself.
 I reached up to remove the pendant from the hook and squeezed it tight in my fist.
 It felt good, like a connection, and I slid the leather chain over my head, pulling the pendant down to rest on my chest.
 It felt right there and I knew I should have been wearing it all along.
 As I let go, I realized I’d gotten blood on my hands, so I headed to the hall and poured water from the pitcher into a ceramic basin.
 Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.

 out of the mirror, which made it really hard to focus. But it looked right. It felt good. I felt I was in it. As I watched the mirror, I knew it was the one I had thought it was. It was the one I knew. It was all right. I felt like I was in it. I felt like I was there. I felt it was all right. I didn’t remember the exact moment, but I felt I felt it. I had a
-
He’s out there.
 We’re, what, we’re playing checkers, he’s playing 3D chess.
 CM: 	Howlin’ Wolf.
 BG: 	The Bellwether.
 Man, the consummate bluesman.
 Y’know, we played this gig with him, and this would have been, like right after Turntable hit, and we were headlining.
 Can you dig that?
 On the posters, we were put above him, man.
 I was sick about it.
 So, when time came, we just told him, look, you’re going on last.

 ...... Well, he was going on.... I was on the last. BG: The.... CM: I was the.............................. CM:..........................
-
It said, I’ve been hurt bad and know how it feels so I’ll be nice to everybody and try not to make anybody else feel that way.
 A thousand and some miles from home, I was lonely enough to once again ache for a best friend.
 So while I admired this barmaid, who looked about three months pregnant, I dreamed she and I would roam until we discovered the right small town, where we didn’t know anybody.
 There she could leave behind the sorrow of getting ditched by the creep who knocked her up.
 I meant to love her baby like my own.
 But on the third evening, not long after she had sat with me and chatted in a dovelike voice about strange and outrageous visitors to the bar, a guy with several tattoos came for her.
 As she walked out with him, she waved goodbye to me.
 Earlier that day, I had noticed a Kitchen Help Wanted sign in a coffee shop.
 Since I hoped to become an instant father, in order to show the waitress my responsible side, I inquired about the job.
 The manager said, “Not your kind of work.” “Why not?” I asked, and explained that I had enjoyed last summer washing pots in a similar establishment.

 I had the ache for a best friend, I was working in a restaurant just a few yards down the streets. Long before I took the job, I had been a part of the locals. I had accepted the job, and as I began to ponder how to get another job, before I did, I had spotted a small barmaid in my kitchen, and went to her to ask her for a drink. I took her hand and gave her a warm kiss.<eop> She was
-
"How do they do that?"
 "Do what?"
 "Those motorcycles.
 How do they go on the water?"
 "They're jet skis.
 They're made for the water."
 She watched as the actors climbed towers, rode hand trolleys on cables, jumped from shattered platforms into the water.
 And when the heroine shot the villain, causing his jacket to catch on fire, Marie screamed.
 It was so real, and she gripped the edge of her seat as she waited to see what would happen after he fell into the water.
 The villain jumped up on the platform to make his bows with the rest of the cast.

 "" """" """" """ """ " """ """ """ """" """ "" """" """" ".." "" """ "" ""..." """" "..." ".."..."
-
She had, but she'd assumed that those weren't decent women, that they were the type to have love affairs with their husbands' brothers.
 Some women in 1927 frequently showed cleavage, but not as much as she'd be showing in these bathing suits.
 And their legs weren't completely uncovered at the same time.
 Swallowing, she considered.
 If this was the norm, she could adjust.
 It wouldn't be easy, but she did want to go to the shore.
 Bravely she returned to the dressing room, took off her clothes and her binding, and put on the black bathing suit.
 It fit .
 .
 .

 it on. First, she was happy. Then, satisfied that she didn't have to go to the beach, she took the water...... she took the water. She took the water, took the water, and... she took it again. She took the water, she went for it. At first, she was glad that she didn't have the brothers to look after her --..
-
It could also be a reason that the gods answered my prayers and helped me succeed against Ravenhurr.” “So the Gods might not be against all Immortalists, but just the ones who are tapping into the Infernal power?” asked Doi’van.
 “All Immortalists deserve to die for their crimes,” Rodregas answered.
 His angry response did not surprise the others.
 “Agreed,” said Doi’van, raising his hand in a calming gesture, “but it might be helpful to understand what the gods will support us doing.” “True,” Rodregas added.
 “Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
 I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
 “He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
 Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
 “He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.

 the way to the end of the first ritual?” “So that’s the ambassador?” asked Doi’van curiously. Rodregas replied very coolly.<eop> “So the reasons why you do this?” asked Jordaan. “I mean, one of the reasons that I had to settle for was the lack of time to do it. What’s the reason for this decision? Because this is a very important thing I can do. I have the opportunity to do it.
-
I’d known they were dangerous, but did he mean to submit was to accept her fate?
 The image of flames and a circle of cloaks surrounding her was there again and I had to force it away before it turned to an image of me.
 Protection, he’d kept saying as we worked on magic.
 They’re going to burn me.
 “They would kill me because of the pendant, the library?” “No, Frey.
 You have broken some of your bonds.
 They will not risk trying to bind you again.” I struggled with an intake of breath.
 He stood and started toward me, about to speak again—just as the door swung open.
 Chevelle’s face flushed with anger.
 “Elfreda!” Steed was through the door and to me in three long strides.

 ......... I.............. I.................. Steed and Steed and me and Steed. He’s going to burn me!” I rushed through the door, trying to force it away again before it turned to an image of me.<eop> I...............
-
The last thing I'd expected was a picnic up at the top of the mountain that cradled the Graves' estate between large, rocky spurs.
 It was perfect.
 For Alec money was nothing more than a useful tool, but he understood I still wasn't comfortable having that tool used to purchase me things I didn't really need.
 I'd set out determined to hike the whole way up to the top, but I was still a little weak.
 Apparently everyone had been right about just how much blood I'd lost the night our pack had destroyed the local rival pack.
 They'd been trying to absorb Alec's pack for the last several years and he hadn't really had any other options, but I knew he still felt uneasy about what had happened.
 With his superhuman hearing and sense of smell, Alec knew I was struggling before I even did.
 He waited though until I finally admitted how tired I was, and then he scooped me up and effortlessly jogged to the top of the peak.
 "Are all of you shape shifters such showoffs?
 At least the change in altitude should bother you a little."

 ," I'm....."What happened to you......"<eop> "I'm really sorry," I finally said, but he ran up to me and scooped me up. I just wanted to go back up to the top of the mountain....<eop> "No....I don't want you helping me right now, do I?"<eop> "I'm......
-
It was an odd marriage that didn’t really work.
 And I think the crowd was there to see us, because, you know, who the hell were these foreigners with their off-the-wall songs and instrumentation?
 And even though a lot was tolerated back then—I mean, Jesus, everyone had to have their 15 minute drum solo—every fucking concert, every fucking group—the crowd didn’t warm to Gentle Giant—which was (is) a really tight combo, playing some farout stuff.
 I think later, they returned to Memphis and played the Coliseum in front of Tull,  and went down a lot better.
 Anyway, we started hearing this, you blew them off the stage and shit like that.
 But, you know, all that competitive stuff, that’s just for the media.
 The groups don’t do that shit.
 You know, you don’t go out on stage and say, I’m gonna make their guitarist look silly.
 There’s a lot more fellow-feeling among musicians.
 So, Christ, what was my point?

 I mean, hell, I didn’t have to say it to the media. I mean, I’ll be honest. I didn’t like it. I mean, hell, I didn’t like it. It’s just for the media. And I mean, I didn’t have to say that to the media, either. Hell, I didn’t even the media, just.... I didn’t like it. I think I’m going to
-
Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
 I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
 He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.
 Spanish was both better and worse.
 Better because without Alec sitting six feet away from me I was able to think about something other than him, worse because we had a pop quiz and I barely placed in the A- range despite having spent a fair amount of time on my vocabulary.
 Math was plain and simply burning up too much time.
 Something needed to change because my only hope of going to college was to get a scholarship, or load up on student loans, and I had no desire to graduate sixty thousand dollars in debt and spend the next fifteen years trying to pay it all off.
 By the time I met up with Britney in the hall I was emotionally exhausted and could feel an attack hovering in the wings.
 Much as I'd have liked to, I couldn't continue to blow her off.

 a crystal clear in my head that I wasn't ready for Britney in the slightest. I was going to be her, I was not her, and I was not her. It was, I wasn't going to be..............there was nothing to do. No, I was going to be.......,...........I wasn't going to be.
-
He was a watcher, he’d volunteered to watch me, to keep me in line.
 So I’d teach myself, take the risk and learn the magic without guidance.
 What did I have to lose?
 The plan was formed: I’d practice until I was strong enough to return to the village.
 There was nothing holding me back.
 Nothing to do but this one thing.
 I spotted a small toad as it leapt across the clearing in a desperate attempt to escape the inferno.
 I concentrated on it, willing it to change.
 Its wide body started to swell, sides bubbling out, puffing it into a tiny green balloon.
 It did not transform into that monarch butterfly I had imagined.

 it. I couldn’t let go. I focused on it. I chased it. I concentrated on it. I concentrated on it, willing it to change. I did. I chased it across the clearing. I told it to it to stop. I told it to it to change. I to it to stop. I told it to stop it, I told it to tell it to stop.<eop> I told it to change. I told it to stop. I told it to stop the
-
Their skin was shriveled and grey, and hung off their bodies like cold clothing.
 Their eyes were a bright yellow that matching their teeth and their fingers looked like gnarly old trees.
 And the smell; it was awful.
 They grabbed my feet, back and tugged at my hair.
 “Why does everything always happen to me?” I complained.
 No one heard me.
 The ugly creatures continued tugging at me like annoying two year old, which made me get really annoyed.
 “Get off me ugly looking toad dwarfs.
 Hey, that’s what I’ll call you, toad dwarfs.” I smiled at my quick thinking.
 I could be clever sometimes.

 ugly looking toad dwarfs. I will you ugly looking toad dwarf... then I want to to me ugly looking ugly looking toad dwarfs. Then I am going to you ugly looking toad dwarfs. Toad dwarfs. Please get to me ugly looking toads... please get off me ugly looking toad dwarfs. When I see what I want, I can see what I need. I can see what I want to me toad dwarfs
-
I thought we would go over some fighting forms.
 Are you two familiar with learning forms, also known as Kata?” he asked.
 He was expecting Imeralda to shake her head but was a little surprised that Doi’van did as well.
 He clearly knew how to fight.
 Rodregas started to explain, “Forms are a series of motions that mock fighting, but also give you an opportunity to work on balance and to visualize and understand your actions and responses to different fighting situations.
 While strength and speed are important for any kind of fighting whether it is hand-to-hand or swords fighting, good technique is all about balance and center of gravity.
 What you want to learn is to keep your center low and your balance strong even when you are tired and exhausted.” Doi’van had his normal interested expression, but Imeralda looked unconvinced.
 “Ok,” he said, “time for an example.
 Imeralda stand tall,” Rodregas stated.
 She put her shoulders back, which caused her firm, rounded breast’s to thrust out.

 tilted her head up at him, “ “She says she’s going to be a little tall,” she told him, looking surprised. He smiled again, and she gave a curious, slightly uninteresting look to him. He already knew Imeralda was definitely a bit tall, and now he could have a unique opportunity to teach her to learn to stand and fight.<eop> “Are you really tall?” he asked her. “Um, I’m tall, yes. I
-
The guiding values for the coming century are freedom and respect for the individual, social equity, tolerance of human diversity and harmony with the environment.
 Development is widely regarded as the cause of moral decline and increasing corruption, crime and violence.
 These negative consequences are primarily due to the fact that freedom has been extended to vast sections of the population which were confined in the past by rigid social barriers and minimum expectations, so they never had need or occasion to embrace the values they now eschew.
 The earlier self-restraint has been replaced by a self-assertion that has not yet acquired the productive values needed for achievement.
 Rising expectations enhance this tendency.
 While it is true that corruption is more prevalent today than ever before, it is also true that the entire global economy functions on the basis of a faith, honesty, openness and tolerance that would have been inconceivable in the past.
 We mourn the loss of cloistered values, which were very often accompanied by narrow rigidity and provincialism, while failing to recognize the enormous growth in positive human values that has made possible the incredible progress of the past few decades.
 In past centuries cultural values were handed down to future generations through the family.
 Education, which now focuses on the transfer of information, ideas and mental skills, can also impart development-oriented values such as open-mindedness, initiative and innovation.
 Integration and tolerance of diversity are crucial values for the further development of the human community.

 is a force for social justice, social equality, and sustainable development, it is also a critical tool and a catalyst for sustainable social, social and economic development. Gays, minorities, women, and Asians, in particular, are marginalized all over the world, thereby leading to a greater diversity of people and opportunities to drive the further growth of the human community.... Diversity, equality, gender equality, social justice, social equity, diversity, integration and tolerance...<eop><eod>
-
"If we get a chance, we'll come back."
 She turned around, gazing up at him anxiously.
 "I didn't mean to sound ungrateful.
 I've had a wonderful time, and--" "Shhh--it's OK."  He reached out to caress her hair.
 "I'm glad you've had such a good time here that you don't want to leave."
 "It's been magic, Rick.
 Thank you for bringing me.
 And for getting me into a movie.
 And for doing everything in your power to make this trip special for me."
 "You're very welcome."

 her head.<eop> "This is amazing. "<eop> " " " "." "<eop> " " " "<eop> " " "" " " " " " " " " " "" "<eop> "" " "" " "" " " " " " " " " ".
-
Paperweights maybe.
 I didn't want to see the mess my water had made of his shirt, so I started at the top and worked my way down.
 I'd seen better hair in a couple of fashion magazines, but not very many.
 Casually windswept, straight blond hair had become iconic sometime in the last few years, and this boy either spent an hour on his hair each morning, or the wind in Utah was kinder and gentler than the wind in Minnesota.
 Kinder, and currently working on its cosmetology license.
 His skin was exquisitely tanned, lighter than Jasmin or Alec's, but exactly suited to his lighter hair tone.
 Friendly gray eyes perfectly spaced above some of the most natural looking white teeth I'd ever seen.
 My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.
 Gritting my teeth slightly I let my gaze continue on down to assess the damage, only I couldn't.
 I could see the wet spots on the shirt.

 was very lean and muscular with long dark hair, straight up to the top of his head. He kept his head down, sticking his chin out of the water. Tall, dark, tanned. White teeth on the top end of his hair. Dark...... gray eyes. Shaking my head in my hands, smoothing out all the wet spots on the shirt on the way, I went slowly down to the bottom of his shirt.
-
“You know, Ruby told me she’d had dealings with the infamous Chevelle Vattier, but I didn’t believe her.
 One can never believe the tales of a fairy.” Infamous?
 “But imagine my surprise when he walked out of the trees, following a green-eyed beauty.” Steed smiled at the memory and then turned serious.
 “When I ran into the… trackers, I had hope Ruby had told the truth and might know where to find you.” He laughed.
 “She tried to hide you, but I recognized the horses out front.” “She tried to hide us?” “Ah, yes.
 Fairies are full of treacheries and wickedness.
 Always meddling in the affairs of others, causing trouble whenever possible.
 They have quite a time.
 At least Red’s only half wicked.” His sister.
 I was having trouble wrapping my mind around it all.

 at him, but couldn’t help it. I could see Red’s face. “But who’s your... and who is your real sister?” “Yes, Red’s.” I smiled. “But she’s his sister.”<eop> “Of course, she’s a very... beautiful young woman.” I reminded Steed. “But Ruby’s... is your... sister?” He smiled. “No way. She
-
We don't know of any accounts where humans have burned so brightly, but it's possible the primitive parts of you, the ones that remember what it was like to be watched over by our kind, hit upon a way to call for help from us, while not admitting a problem to your own kind."
 He was being so vague that it took me several seconds to follow the explanation to its logical conclusion.
 "So you're saying that I was, am, so broken I glow so your people would be able to pull me aside and fix me."
 His nod was hesitant, but my wan smile seemed to reassure him somewhat.
 "I guess that makes sense.
 Nobody likes to be told there's something wrong with them, but I can't exactly say everything is just Jim Dandy.
 Not when I still collapse at the mere mention of what I've lost."
 The silence wasn't as comfortable now.
 I had to break it, even if it meant further examining all of the holes inside me that I'd spent so many months struggling to ignore.
 "So you're just one of those guys that can't resist trying to help the broken girls, huh?"

 That isn't so bad, isn't it?" I offered a nod. "No. Nope." He frowned. "No,"" No," "No, No". He still didn't respond. "No", No," "No," Oh, what do you?"<eop> "Don't tell me. I really don't know anything," I "jected".<eop> "
-
And God, he assured us, wants his creatures to get happy, which is why Christ said we must be born again, so he could give us new moral natures, new affections, new objectives, and new directions.
 What planted the hook in me was: according to Billy Graham, when you make your decision for Christ, you do it for the sake of the nation and the world.
 Without God, any nation will perish.
 And a nation is only as strong as its people.
 A better world requires better nations of better people.
 Christ can make us into those people.
 Billy Graham had injected some hope into at least one heart often shamed by its selfish and ornery ways.
 When he asked for all who would surrender to come to the altar, I stood and followed the auburn haired babe.
 About halfway down, I heard Cliff.
 He came behind me and said, “Are we sure about this?” I didn’t answer, only kept descending into the valley of whatever.

 to the altar, yes, I wanted to die.... Yes, I wanted to die.... Cliff was lying to the ground beside me and begging to die, but I didn’t want to see it that way, because I was in the valley of whatever.......... Yes, yes, I was dying.... Yes, I’m going to die...... Yes, I was going to die.
-
"We're not going to spend our last hours together doing dishes."
 She swallowed, running her hands over his t-shirt.
 "I wish I had something from 1927 to give you."
 He stroked her hair.
 "You could leave your dress and go back in your bathing suit."
 She smiled.
 "I'll have enough to explain as it is."
 Inspired by the way he was toying with her hair, she asked, "Would you like to have a lock of my hair?"
 "That's a great idea."
 He bent to inhale its fragrance.

 """""""""""""" to """"""." """""""" to """""""""" """"". """ """""" """""" """""." """"""" "" """ to """""
-
The orc roared in victory only to die as a soldier shoved his sword in his side and out his back.
 “Will they make it through?” Harruq asked, in awe of the display.
 Qurrah glanced over the wall and then back to the main combat.
 Archers continued eviscerating the orc forces.
 If they could push into the city, their arrows would be a nuisance at best, but it seemed they had underestimated the human soldiers.
 “They are running out of time,” Qurrah said.
 “But they might.”
 He glanced back to the necromancer, and then he saw his eyes, just hints of red underneath the hood of his robes.
 Qurrah shivered as whispers shot up his spine.
 _You silenced my pets,_ it said.

 .........."He subdued my beasts,"................ Qurrah saw the ring around his arm..."........." it was a circle, the mage had said, "..............................
-
6.A cooperative collective security frame work must be evolved that is inclusive of all nations and guarantees their security against acts of external aggression.
 A standing international military force or World Army should be established under a democratic framework to provide unconditional security guarantees to member countries against aggression by other nations.
 If such a force cannot be established at the present time under the UN, then there is need for a separate organization similar in constitution to NATO but open to all nations that practise democratic principles of national governance, contribute financial and defence resources to a common armed force, accept ceilings on national defence expenditure and eschew the possession of nuclear weapons.
 The army should consist of both a directly recruited standing force and forces placed on call by member nations.
 7.The use of nuclear weapons should be declared by the UN a crime against humanity.
 First use by any nation must automatically invoke the strongest collective security measures by the UN Security Council.
 Based on the precedent of the Chemical Weapons Treaty, the proposal for a universal ban on the possession of nuclear weapons by any nation should be placed before the Security Council for a vote.
 The five permanent members should agree to the suspension of their veto power on this issue so crucial to the future of humanity.
 8.The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional war heads.
 This would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.

 should be open to all nations and open to all countries and the security of all, the use of nuclear weapons should be the only means of defense to all countries and the use of nuclear weapons by all nations. All should agree to call for a universal ban on the possession of nuclear weapons, open to all nations and in the context of democratic and inclusive regimes. 10.The basis for the right to own and use of nuclear weapons should be recognized by the UN. 9.As a security mechanism
-
The scene was from the point of view of someone looking into a bedroom window, darker than most of the later stuff I'd just looked at.
 The centerpiece, done in a dimmer light than what I remembered from my dreams, was the sleeping figure.
 She was delicate-looking.
 A tiny figure, a being of light temporarily clothed in flesh, one who seemed almost at the point of breaking out of her mortal husk.
 She was so breathtakingly beautiful it was several seconds before I noticed the other, nearly unformed details of the room.
 They were so indistinct it took me a full minute to place them.
 Once I did, my eyes darted back to the sleeping figure, the gorgeous one whose features I now recognized as Cindi's.
 Only it couldn't be Cindi because the room was mine, the one here in Sanctuary.
 My pulse racing, I refused to look at the signature again.
 I now knew what it was, but if I ignored it maybe I could ignore the ramifications of everything I'd just learned.

 again, the light of the bed, the light of the light in the whole room. Then, once again, to the light of the light of the brightlight of the bed.<eop> Then, I was dreaming again. I loved it again, the light of the bed, the light of the bright light of the light of the bed, my bed. I loved it again. It was like my first dream. I came back to the light of the bed. Then, again, the light
-
Harruq folded the armor as best he could and clutched it to his chest.
 “My thanks, master,” he said.
 “We do not deserve what you have given us.”
 “You will earn your gifts in time.
 Ahrqur is a skilled swordsman.
 The armor, weapons, and strength I have granted you will make you near invincible.
 Do not fail.”
 Velixar turned his attention to Qurrah.
 “Give me your hand,” he said, and the thin half-orc obeyed.
 Velixar closed his eyes and whispered a few brief words.

 ...... the sword, the katana, and all the..... the.......... the weapons,............................... the swords, the..........................
-
My pulse quickened and I had to remind myself he hated me.
 He was my watcher.
 He was fulfilling a duty.
 Then I realized what Ruby had said and I wondered if my brain would ever be quick enough to keep up.
 “Guests?” He hesitated before answering.
 “We will be traveling with some friends.” He was so vague.
 A formless irritation started to crawl its way to the surface, but I had to remember I had no right to ask.
 These were my captors.
 My fingernails cut into the palm of my hand where the map had been.
 We’d be traveling to the peak, they’d said.

 to be safe. I shoved my hand in my pocket to see if the map was where I’d had placed it.<eop> With all of my courage back up, I pulled out a map of the peak. I...., I......,...., I...,....,....,......,...., there was one more......,
-
Jim – She decided?
 Did she ask you to marry her?
 Art – No, but she dropped hints, and that woman was persistent.
 I had no clue what was going on.
 Jim – Until grandpa filled you in.
 Art – What a family tradition he started.
 Jim – Did grandma go insane too?
 Art – I don’t think so, but she died when I was six.
 Jim – Not a good way to start a tradition.
 Art – Nope, it could be worse though.

 asked you to marry her too? Jim – There’s a lot of tradition going on, are you sure? Jim – I never knew what was going on in the family room. Art – Well, other than that, I didn’t know how good of a tradition was going to be either. Its up to you, Jim – You know...... Jim <unk> – When grandpa told me that there was a family tradition going on too,
-
They would need a jet, and some fancy gizmos, but man would it kick.
 ‘Elvis, shalt we implant our sandals into the asses of these dark warriors?’ ‘Yeah good buddy, time to give em a free trip to heartbreak hotel’.
 Liz – It doesn’t have a name, I just painted it for fun.
 It’s not about my parents or anything else.
 It might well have been since Mother really didn’t want that one in the show, but it has made a lot of people laugh, and the posters of it are selling well.
 Jim – There are posters?
 I gotta get me one of those.
 Liz – For you, it’s on the house, and I’ll sign it as well.
 Jim – Woo-hoo!
 I feel special now.

 to be able to sign the house for me. Jim – You don’t want me to sign it, but maybe you want to sign it. Jim – I love it. Liz – Tell me what you want to me to sign it. Jim – Sure, I’ll be ready to go. Liz – I don’t mean it, I don’t know if I want to make you do it, but I think I can make it happen. I think
-
“There is no such thing,” Qurrah said before magically hurling two pieces of bone through the man’s eyes.
 He turned to the other guard, who still gasped in vain for air.
 He watched until death claimed him.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq relished the feeling of true combat against skilled opponents.
 One would slash out, hoping for an opening, then back away as the other guard lunged, preventing Harruq from any chance to counter.
 Blood ran down his arms and sides from several minor cuts.
 The pain was good.
 It helped focus his mind.

 ..." (first.png) Harruq tried to get the memory to come back."............. Whenever there was a pain in someone’s throat, I always remember to be the first. It was the first time, always the first... the first time, the first, the first..... the first..... The first.... the first...
-
Just out of respect for my first love, you know, and the first heart I broke.
 I broke her heart.
 And with Birdie I lost my virginity.
 On her parents’ bed, in the afternoon, with the door locked and people milling about outside.
 (laughs)  Jesus.
 When you’re young, you know?
 I wrote “Tunc” and “Birdie Sings” for her, of course.
 Early stuff.
 Unrecorded, but always in our sets back then.
 I still like “Tunc.”  Hm.

 ........ Oh, you know, I......... When you’re young, I.................................................. (laughs) Oh, you know, Jesus. Oh, I’m
-
"A parking lot?"
 "I'll take you to a big, empty parking lot somewhere and let you get the feel of it.
 When you feel comfortable, I might let you drive around some quiet neighborhoods, but you need to study the rules of the road so you can get a license.
 Then we'll see about trying out the streets downtown and the highways."
 "You have to have a license to drive?"
 "Yeah--it's illegal to drive without one."
 "How do you get one?"
 "You have to study the rules and pass a written test, and then they take you out on the road and see how you drive."
 "When can I do it?"
 She couldn't wait to get her hands on the steering wheel.

 """, """," """, """"," """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""" """""""""""""""""""""<eop> Ah, Mary.
-
He was about to go back for a second when torchlight flooded the alley.
 “Move and you’ll find an arrow in your throat,” said a voice.
 “Pincushion him anyway,” urged another.
 Harruq held a hand before his eyes, cursing his awful luck.
 He saw two figures, night patrolmen, and both human.
 One had a readied bow aimed at his neck.
 “I haven’t done anything wrong,” Harruq said.
 “Sure you haven’t,” one of the patrolmen said.
 “Then what’s with the crate?”
 The half-orc’s mind groped for a reason.

 , there was a crate in the crate, a crate in the crate. It was a part of the crate, a part of it was, a part of it was, and it was a second crate, and it was a part of a crate was, and the crate was on it, and it was the other crate, and it was the crate on it, and it was part of a crate, it was the crate in the crate, it was the crate, and the crate in the
-
We were quiet in the closet in my mother’s room.
 The landlord would walk through the house yelling my mother’s first name, Karla .
 .
 .
 Karla .
 .
 .
 Karla!
 We could hear him approaching the bedroom as the volume of his voice increased.
 We watched through the slats in the closet door as he would open her dresser drawers and rummage through her belongings, including her undergarments, while looking around over his shoulder, still yelling her name.

 look over the wall between the bedroom window and the corner of the room, at her as he continued to call her out of the closet. I remember looking at her through the window, facing him, and pressing her lips together, and pointing out her name, Karla.......<eop> Karla..... Karla.... Karla! Karla..
-
Forget everything you know about yourself, and know only that you are unstoppable.”
 Harruq took the other sword and held both in his hands.
 He noticed the writing that flared on each hilt, one red, the other gold.
 “What do they say?” he asked, staring at them in wonder.
 “Condemnation and Salvation.
 You are judgment, Harruq.
 May it be swift and merciless.”
 Harruq sheathed the swords and clipped them to his belt.
 He knelt as his head swirled.
 “Thank you, master.”

 and the “” and “.” and the “..” and the “.” and the “.” the “.” and the “.... and the “” and the “.” and the “.” and the “.... and the “..... and the “.... and the “... and the”..... and the “.... and the “.....
-
"Well .
 .
 .
 last week I never got home before 9:00."
 Her eyes widened, and he grinned, continuing, "But today I'll be home by 5:30.
 I promise."
 She wandered around the house restlessly after he'd left.
 His house was big, and he had a lot of interesting things, but she didn't like being alone.
 It just made her miss her family and friends and Davis that much more.
 Hoping that television would provide the illusion of companionship and take her mind off her homesickness, she went to the living room and turned it on.

 on television, """", """",""",""","""",""",""","", """","",""",""""," she turned on the television, """" ".. ".. "", "".. """", ""
-
"What?"
 When she looked around uncomfortably, he asked, "Would you rather talk to the salesgirl about it?"
 "No!
 No .
 .
 ."
 She couldn't go to the shore without a bathing suit, and she really wanted to go.
 She glanced up at Rick again.
 She'd much rather suffer the embarrassment with him than with a stranger.
 "It's-it's .

 . " " "." " " " " " " " " " " " " " "." " " "" " "" "" " " " " " " " " " " " "" "" ".." ".." "
-
Qurrah’s head jerked suddenly, and his eyes flared open.
 Velixar released his hand as the half-orc murmured.
 “I know where he is,” he said.
 “It is all I can see.”
 “Go now,” Velixar said.
 “The night is young.
 Hide his body in your home and bring it to me tomorrow.
 And Qurrah, remember to bring his blade with you.”
 The two brothers bowed and then left to do as their master commanded.
 !

 ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
-
"It'll make your rug glow!"
 "Just what I always wanted: fluorescent purple carpet."
 But he grinned as he took the bag from the cashier.
 "Thank you so much, Rick," she said, beaming up at him.
 "I think you're more excited about the blacklight than the clothes."
 "I love the clothes--they're beautiful.
 But the light .
 .
 .
 that's like getting roses.

 "<eop> "Oh, oh, yes." "Oh, you're excited to get roses." "Oh.." "Oh, oh, yes." "Oh oh... " "Oh.." "Oh God." "Oh.." "It'll make the light--oh... glow." "Oh." "Ooh, oh.
-
"There isn't anything wrong with letting someone help you.
 Sometimes a helping hand is exactly what's called for."
 The memory had a vividness that'd been lacking lately.
 It was the same aching realism that'd devoured nearly a month of my existence before I finally decided I had to try and go on with my life, for Mom's sake if for no other reason.
 I panicked when I realized just how badly I wanted to slip back into that twilight world where nothing hurt, where it didn't matter if people liked me or not.
 The one where I still had all three of the most important people in my world.
 The fear that I'd give in, that I'd end up in a hospital during the day or two it took Mom to realize I hadn't made it home from school, pulled me back sooner than normal.
 For a second my mind inhabited a body that wouldn't obey any of the normal commands.
 Fear snaked out from my center when my eyes wouldn't open, but before my heart could really start accelerating, my eyelids started functioning again.
 The desks on the route between Alec and I were lying haphazardly on their sides, but there wasn't any sign of Alec.

 , if he was looking at me... well, no, Alec was looking at me. Not me... I was looking at him. I'm talking to him. I was talking to him. I was talking to him, and yes I was talking to him.<eop> When I left the classroom, Alec and I went into my room. The hallway was dark, and cold. I wasn't going to leave. I knew I was not going to end up with Mom
-
He quickly found himself on the defensive and suffered both a cut on his upper hand and cheek.
 He started to worry that the knight would end the match and give Karun the victory.
 He tried to use his speed to advantage and trap her sword.
 But he nearly lost his sword instead.
 He realized that he was outclassed.
 Her skills were better than his own and Rodregas’ physical abilities were not so much greater than hers as to counter her superior fighting skills.
 For the first time in the tournament Rodregas lost control of the flow of the match as suddenly she moved in swinging hard.
 Then again, and again, she went in close with her shield wedging it in, and was able to lock it to his left for just a second.
 She swung hard at his open side; he had time to block her stroke but his sword shattered when the two swords collided.
 Her sword was at his throat before he could do anything and the officiating knight yelled a stop to the match, handing the yellow band to Karun and the white second place finish to Rodregas.

 this point, suddenly and with no feeling in his stomach, he decided to continue with the match. But in a different way, he decided to go to continue the match and take the first half of the match. According to the referee and knight, Rodregas was dying, and he had to go on with his life. This time, he decided to take the second half of the match, and he took the first of the match...........
-
After Eric died, I took a vow.
 I would love nobody.
 Then neither death nor desertion could hurt me.
 The attitude worked, except it doomed my marriage and helped make me crazy.
 When Darcy arrived, the sight of her instantly flushed my heart of that vow against loving.
 I would sooner have risked any torment than given up my bond with that perfect little girl.
 I became a different fellow.
 Once you start loving, you can’t just direct it where you please.
 Love has a mind of its own.
 Our marriage was already rocky when we decided to go for another kid.

 wanted to have a wife, mother, a daughter, a sister. I didn’t want my kids......... to be close to her....... forever. I didn’t care. I was too crazy. I wanted to give her up forever. I couldn’t get it together. I was too crazy.........................
-
The present job gap is small compared with the enormous expansion of the labour force.
 As people develop, their aspirations rise and higher level needs emerge – needs for education, health care, balanced diet, entertainment, travel and communication – multiplying demand for new workers to provide them.
 Of course, there can be and are temporary dislocations and disorientations, sometimes severe, resulting from the rapid speed of social transformation that makes existing attitudes and skills obsolescent within a lifetime or less and compels human beings to learn to adapt faster and further than ever before in human history.
 This is the challenge posed by the evolution of humanity from the physical to mental stage, the flip side of the process that has given birth to all the miraculous achievements of the past few hundred years.
 It is a challenge posed to all humanity to expand our minds and acquire more flexible attitudes, to learn and adapt faster, to convert the stress of change into the joy of higher accomplishment.
 The world that is emerging is one of unprecedented opportunity to tackle the problem of unemployment that emerged with the Industrial Revolution, the massive movement of people from the land into the cities, massive migrations from one country and continent to another in search of economic opportunities, and the lightning speed of technological development that has eradicated traditional occupations while spawning whole new types and fields of human activity.
 Thus, we are faced with the paradox: an employment problem of unprecedented dimension coupled with an opportunity of unprecedented magnitude; a problem that is not going to be eliminated any time soon by the force of market mechanisms alone, but one which can be dramatically diminished by the appropriate action of governments around the world.
 Opportunities, strategies, instruments and mechanisms are not lacking, provided there is a commitment and determination of commensurate strength, a commitment that is best formulated and enshrined by a recognition of employment as a fundamental human right supported by constitutional guarantees, a commitment that must be translated into a determination by all countries to implement a broad spectrum of available strategies to address the issue today.
 Among these strategies, the greatest necessity is for every country to continuously upgrade the quality, quantity and, most importantly, relevance of educational and vocational training programs to equip its citizens with the knowledge and skills needed for productive engagement in a rapidly evolving world.
 Food Security

 is not a necessity for government to ensure the basic needs of the population to provide for the basic needs of society, or for the welfare of the entire population to be able to meet the basic needs, it is not a necessity to ensure food security to support the needs of the individual and family. It is imperative to ensure the survival and health of the population, to ensure food security for the welfare of the individual, the family and the natural environment. It is imperative to be able to contribute to the
-
“We can’t be afraid of the competition.
 I may die, but if I win I can earn a greater sigil, maybe even bring you into the chamber as my servant.
 If both Doi’van and I had a greater sigil, we would be much more likely to survive the upcoming battles,” Rodregas said.
 “We would still get spitted like a pig to the roast without decent armor,” said Doi’van, “but as the Gods have yet to provide the armor, we will show these human squires the armor of our faith and the armor of our courage.
 I just don’t like having to watch you fight such battles and not be able to fight myself.” growled Doi’van.
 “Yeah, what he said,” Imeralda stated, ”I wish I could do the bow competition for you.
 I could get you five points there even with a regular bow, otherwise I am happy to watch you big boys show how tough and strong you are.” Rodregas smiled at Doi’van’s and Imeralda’s courage even though their personalities were opposites.
 Imeralda was as light hearted as Doi’van was thoughtful.
 “One question,” Rodregas asked, “do we actually have a hammer or a mace?”
 Two days later the dawn found Rodregas facing his first opponent.

 had been stripped of his sigil. He turned and said, “What do you think a mace can do for me?” Rodregas replied “No sir, I don’t have the hammer or the mace. I don’t think that I have the hammer to my mace.” he said. “I never have the hammer to my mace,” said the boy. “I don’t even have the hammer.” He continued “Oh...
-
He denied the darkness within him.
 If this was betrayal, then so be it.
 He would pay the cost.
 Great spasms racked his body.
 All the power Velixar had granted him fled.
 His muscles shrank inward, tightening in great, painful shudders.
 Several minutes passed as the horrendous pain tore through his arms, chest, and legs.
 Aurelia held him as he lay sobbing in pain.
 She did her best to comfort him, stroking his hair until all his dark strength drained away.
 Exhaustion came soon after, and for an agonizing time Harruq lay there, mumbling incoherently and waiting for the pain to fade.

 ..................... He went upstairs to the bathroom, to himself, and to sleep.................................................................
-
Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
 “Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?
 It just goes on and on.
 I'm hoping that we find a clearing soon.” “Fine,” she said and crossed her arms, “I'm sorry I interrupted your conversation.” Then she started talking to Jason again.
 Seth made a cat noise and clawed the air, “Someone's a pussy cat today.” “Be quiet Seth or she'll hurt you,” I said and looked over my shoulder.
 Emily seemed to have heard that and she winked at me.
 I smiled and winked back.
 “Seth I'd be really careful.” Seth snorted, “I'm not scared of her.” “I would be,” I said and had to fight another smile.
 I could tell it was getting past noon because the air started to get cooler.

 me, there seemed to be a lot more of me, and I was so excited, while Emily talked to him, Jason, Emily, me. I just looked at Seth, smiled and said, “That's.................,..............,............” After he thanked me, I went back to
-
Hope you had fun.
 Hope you were entertained.
 Most of all, I hope for a brief moment you forgot your own world and got lost in mine.
 David Dalglish
 
 ﻿Sometimes love finds you when you aren't looking for it.
 The accident that forced Adri and her mother to move to a new high school also cost Adri her dad and sister.
 Adri just wants to blend in and buy herself time to grieve, but two of the most popular, gorgeous guys in school are about to take an inexplicable interest in her.
 Adri will be forced into a world where the players aren't all human.
 She will be forced to choose between Brandon and Alec, and this time the wrong choice could get her killed.

 , I............................................... I..................................................
-
They enforce the will of the guild.
 In addition to their martial prowess and training all member are sigil warriors and use enchanted armor and weapons to increase their effectiveness.
 The Order of the Soaring Heavens - An ancient order of Knights who live by a strict code of conduct.
 In addition to their martial prowess and training they are all sigil warriors and use enchanted armor to increase their effectiveness.
 The Celestial Gods pick their Paladins from their membership.
 Sigil Warriors - Those who are born with magical talent but do not wish to be sorcerers have the opportunity inscribe a sigil on their magic talent that uses up a portion of their magical ability.
 Lesser sigils are simple such as health, strength, quickness.
 Greater Sigils are more complex and can mimic the powers of Celestial Beast or Infernal Daemons.
 Dire Beast - Are common mortal animals that have breed with either a celestial beast or an infernal daemon.
 Dire Beast who are of the Blood are direct descendent while, a regular dire beast will be several generation removed but still show signs of their ancestry.

 ds - The.. Serpents - Beasts that are rare to those who are not born of the Blood and are in contact with that are not of the Blood....<eop> The Serpents - The Dragons - Members of their sigils - Their Dragons and Dragons.<eop> The Shards - The Shards - The Children of Blood - of the Blood and are of the
-
Resources
 Celestial - Led by the All-Father Allód and a pantheon of gods most of who are his children, but also includes those who have ascended to the Celestial Realm.
 The realm is also the habitat for the Celestial beast who symbolize varies aspects of the gods.
 Infernal - Led by the High Prince Sathariel and his court of Daemon Lords in a realm of fire and chaos and constraint struggle.
 The realm is full of minor daemons that symbolize various aspects of the Daemon Lords.
 Elemental - The One Tree connects the power of the natural realm and exists both within the mortal realm and beside it.
 One aspect of the Elemental realm is One Tree and another is Gaia the nurturing mother, and the four elemental dragons; EArth, Fire, Water and AIr.
 The Guild of the Celestial Path – The organization of over a hundred Sorcerers who rule a large section of the Eastern Realms.
 Each Immortalist Sorcerer rules their own town or City, but are a member of the Guild that protects their mutual interest.
 The Immortalist Sorcerers are united in their desire to strengthen themselves over time until they can ascend into the Celestial Realm and become gods.

 Eastern Realms – The Guild of the Celestial - Led by the rest of the Dragons of the East Celestial Path, The Elements of the Celestial - Led by the various Daemon Lords, and the Guild of the Celestial Path - All the members of the Celestial Realms.<eop> The Guild is divided into one of two subgroups. The first consists of the Celestial Dragon, Daemon Lords and the
-
He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
 High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.
 When the necromancer noticed Qurrah’s meddling, his mental link pulsed with incredible energy.
 Colors swarmed through his mind, dark purples and reds across a macabre canvas of black.
 He felt his chest tightening, his neck constricting.
 A scrying eye was upon him, now, and he was losing.
 It felt like an arrow pierced his mind, and through it words seeped into his head.
 _Run.
 Die.
 Collapse.

 , Darkness. Fire. The Nuts. The Dead. Back to...... to get to the skulls, you are going to die. To escape the skulls you are going to die. The pit of his throat ripped open as he thought,... back to.... to.... back to... back to the... back to... to escape the..
-
Under normal circumstances, he might have been able to hold his own against the undead.
 However, these were not normal circumstances.
 Minutes passed, long and painful.
 The light of Woodhaven beckoned him to his left but he dared not approach.
 Velixar would expect him to flee there, but he was as at home in the wild as he was in any town.
 He halted his run and fell to one knee.
 His adrenaline was still high, but deep inside he knew he had to find a place to rest.
 The real pain was coming.
 A glance behind did little to raise his spirits.
 He saw at least thirty undead shambling as fast as they could in a widening arc.

 his breath, Velixar stepped back and scanned the area in front of him. The area to his right... or to the left... was not in front of him, but he had a place to go and something to do with it. He kept his eyes to the group, but his instincts told him that he was definitely not going to be with them. They would not try to kill him. Someone would have to take his place. At the other end of his way
-
The houses ended, and like a fleeing thief he burst out into the streets only to slam into a drunken man holding a small bottle.
 The two rolled, a tangle of legs and arms.
 The small bottle shattered.
 “What the abyss are you…” the man started to say, but Qurrah’s hand pressed against his lips.
 “Your voice or your life,” Qurrah said, danger flaring in his eyes.
 The half- orc pushed him away and got to his feet.
 He glanced around, trying to orientate himself, when he felt a sharp pain stab into his back.
 He spun, his whip lashing out as it burst into flame.
 It wrapped around the man’s neck, choking out death cries as his flesh seared and smoke filled his lungs.
 The only noise Qurrah heard was the sound of skin blistering and popping in the fire.

 screamed. The half- orc grabbed his upper arm and pulled him back, using some of the rope to pull him out of his grip. Qurrah “have his head..... the hell out of it.....” He shot his whip through the man and spun. Slowly, the man rolled out of his arms, and into the flames — then back to the bodies of his victims.<eop> At the end of the
-
“Thank you,” I croaked as I took the cup, my hand trembling.
 “Shouldn’t have left you alone,” he said quietly.
 There was a tinkling laugh in the front room and I groaned.
 She was here, too.
 The water helped.
 I was able to sit up with Chevelle’s assistance.
 Ruby swirled into the room, dressed in a red frock of sorts.
 The color hurt my eyes.
 “Here, a bath will help.
 Come with me, dear.” Her hair was tied halfway back with a scarf, the tattered ends mingling with crimson curls.

 down to the room and Ruby placed her water cup in my hand. “I’m okay.” She smiled gently, the look of happiness on her face. “You need to be in the water. If you’re a...... you’re a, a..................... A....... a....... a.
-
I don’t ever want to see any of you again in our living room!
 Now get out of here before I call the police!
 (stalks off after Character 1)
 Awake
 Greg; Male mid 20s Cindy; Female mid 20s
 Cindy standing as if waiting for a bus when Greg walks up and strikes up a conversation.
 Both are dressed for a nice summer day.
 Greg: hi
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: nice day

 : Greg: hi hello Greg........ Greg: hi Greg: nice day.............. Greg: hi Greg........ hi Cindy; Greg is about to leave............................... Greg: hi Cindy.....
-
He was just being Gene.
 Liz – What did you do?
 You didn’t give him the idea to tell the anorexics that they were fat did you?
 Jim – No, that’s cruel.
 I had nothing to do with that, or the time that he was hanging out in the retirement home and mouthing speech to make the old folks think that they were going deaf.
 Liz – James you tell me what you did to make Eugene come to you for advice.
 Jim – Or what?
 Liz – Or I’ll tell everyone I know that I’ve seen you naked.
 Jim – Ohhhhh I’m shaking.
 Liz – And I’ll let them all know that there wasn’t anything worth seeing.

 Jim – And Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – James – James – I’m going to tell you about how you went naked. Jim – Jim –.. Jim – Jim –. Jim –... James –. Jim –. Jim... Jim –.. James – James – Jim – James – James, you were... Jim – James –
-
“We are leaving them for Rhys and Rider to find.” “Are they poisoned?” “Yes.” I considered that.
 “Did they use all the ones you prepared last night?” “You’re silly, Freya.
 It’s fun.” The way she pronounced my name, like it was dear to her, made it harder to be angry with her.
 But I made the effort.
 “It’s not entirely my fault,” I huffed.
 And then I was sorry I’d said anything.
 I didn’t need to defend myself to her.
 “I know,” she said, “but it’s still fun.” I wondered if she did know.
 Like everyone before.
 I pushed the thought from my head.

 again, she said, “I knew, I know...” “I knew, I knew..”<eop> “....” “That’s, I know...” “You don’t need to say...” “I know, I know.....,” I tried to keep going. “That’s, I know.”<eop> She shrugged. “I’............
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Dieredon watched the brothers travel back to Woodhaven.
 He had been waiting outside the town, and in the starlight the swathe of darkness rolling across the land had caught his eye.
 He had followed and from a distance observed the short meeting.
 His eyes flipped between the half-orcs and their master.
 His heart was torn.
 He had already warned Harruq that he would tolerate no strange behavior, yet he had given a similar warning to the man with the ever-changing face.
 “I do this for you, Aurelia,” he said, his decision made.
 He removed his bow and ran across the grass.

 grass was close to the ground, he took a small seat and sat his crossbow sling on the edge of it. While he had removed the crossbow sling away from the ground, he had also removed his bow....cs...cs........cs........cs..........cs....cs....
-
He enjoyed every second we fought.
 I saw many of my friends die at his hand.
 Do you know why he helps you?
 Why he claims to train you?”
 She gave no pause, no chance for him to answer.
 This was good, for he didn’t want to.
 Too much was on his mind for argument.
 He remained quiet and listened.
 “He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.
 A murderer without guilt.

 to make you into what he is. “, you, he wants to make you into what you know, you think you’re......”. “ “, you, you, a murderer, you, a killer, a murderer, a murderer,.........”. “, he wants to change you and make you into what he..............”. “He is a
-
His voice dropped to a rumbling whisper.
 "The one I told you about the other day."
 It was incredibly obvious, all the while making absolutely no sense.
 He was obviously uncomfortable this morning, just like you'd expect from someone who was in the unenviable position of telling off a borderline psychopath.
 Everything I'd seen substantiated Brandon's explanation, but why would Jasmin become so enamored of someone so average-looking?
 Not only that, what were the odds Ben was one of the eight males in America who would decide they weren't interested in dating the most gorgeous girl on the planet, even if she was a nut case?
 I was still trying to sort out all the pieces when Brandon fished his cell phone out of a pocket and checked the time.
 In an amazing display of herd behavior, thirty seconds later his friends had all disappeared, and he was standing to leave.
 "We should do this more often.
 I'll see you tomorrow."

 "I can't," continued. "I don't really like the booboos they put in the bathrooms." Brandon took a deep breath and said, Don't talk to me. "Then don't talk to your dad," "Then don't talk to me," and "Don't talk to your mom, just your mom, please. I'll talk to you, whenever I can." "
-
But she couldn't wait to get home and change into her new things.
 "Thank you for-for .
 .
 .
 the new clothes, Rick," she said shyly, taking his arm as they walked away with their purchases.
 "Now I won't have to wash my clothes every night."
 He looked down at her with chagrin.
 "I didn't even think about that.
 I'm sorry, Marie--we should have gone shopping sooner.
 And I should have shown you how to use the washer and dryer.

 " " " " " " " " " " " "" " " " " " " " "<eop> " " " "<eop> " " " '<eop> " "<eop> "<eop> " " " "<eop> " " " "<eop> " " " " "..
-
I mean what a misnomer, they’re only five feet high at their tallest, and for the most part they only stand two or three feet in height.
 And then they don’t exactly qualify as cliffs with their gentle incline and all.
 I wonder what idiot was allowed to name them cliffs in the first place, Don Quixote?
 Jim – They’re the best we have.
 Art – Well they’re not good enough for our purpose, so we might as well not even bother with that option.
 Jim – Good thing school is starting again soon.
 Art – That’s all fine and good for you, you get to leave town, but I have to stay with the boy.
 Jim – Eugene will be going back to school too, so hopefully Johnny will be easier to live with.
 Art – Maybe he will, and maybe the sun will fall from the sky and strike me dead.
 Jim – You can always hope.

 , Jim... Jim.... Jim – I can............, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim.., Jim..., Jim.., Jim..., Jim..., Jim... Jim... you name them, Jim,., Jim....,..............
-
But to give this woman he barely knew such fine armor and weapons was not something to do casually.
 It made a lot of sense sitting there on the foothills of the Arida Mountains, worrying about Gobelyn and Dire Cat attacks, but they were a great gift; no one had ever given him such a gift.
 “What?” she asked me “You are looking at me like I asked you for your first born child,” she stated in a surprised voice.
 “Last night you two tried to kill me, I thought I was being very generous to share my hideout and give each of you a sword.
 Frankly I am worried that you will both give it back to me when I am sleeping tonight.” Imeralda looked surprisingly guilty, Doi’van looked... well Rodregas could not guess what the expression on his blunt rough face meant.
 “Look,” said Imeralda once again shaking her long hair behind her, “I feel terrible about that.
 I told Audrian that I was not sure you were really Ravenhurr and that the spell did not go as planned.
 By the Infernals, if the spell had gone as planned I would have burned in creation fire and my magic would be inside of your body right now.” She caught him with those large amazingly green eyes and said, “I had a theory on what happened, but was not sure how to explain it so Audrian would understand.
 He was adamant, and I couldn’t argue with his logic, as he had said to you last night, you must be either Gerald or Ravenhurr.” “But you aren’t,” she continued, “And well, you actually seem pretty nice, and you can handle yourself in a fight.
 I was just joking about the bow.

 said her. “You are Ravenhurr?” Doi asked. “No, you’re a human. I know you. I like you. I really like you. I don’t believe that you are a vampire, Ravenhurr.”<eop> “No. I am not... “ said Doi’van. “YouAre I?”<eop> “No “ said Doi’van. “No, I don’t think you tried to kill me.” “
-
Please, help us!”
 “There’s two,” shouted one of the farmers.
 “They killed my wife!
 You have to…”
 Their words trailed off once they were close enough to see clearly.
 Flesh hung from their bones, pale and rotting.
 Wounds spotted nearly every one, although no blood poured from them.
 Their saviors were men, orc, and elf, but they were dead.
 “Ashhur help us,” an exhausted farmer murmured before the line advanced upon them.
 The Forest Butcher at their heels, they could not run.

 .......... they must...................................... You have to............................ Get them to the.......Help them back to their
-
Nevertheless, we are taking your wagon and your supplies.
 We will let you go in peace in the morning,” said Audrian in that tone of voice that implied that he just expected people to follow his orders.
 “Hand over the shorts swords,” Audrian continued, gesturing at the two blades that Rodregas had yet to pull.
 “We will return one in the morning.” Rodregas smiled and nodded and pulled the two swords out simultaneously.
 He was starting to think his new body was ambidextrous, equally comfortable with both hands.
 That could prove useful, but would require some additional training to take full advantage of.
 “Actually, since I was kicking your ass barehanded, even with a knife in my belly, how about this: I won’t kill the bunch of you if you keep your distance and leave my camp at first light?” Rodregas’ tone was casual.
 “And, if you ask nicely, I will even leave you a few supplies to get to the nearest town if you promise not to tell anyone that you saw me.
 And you will promise that in the name of the All-Father, or you will die at my hand.” Rodregas did not smile now, nor did they.
 “So you think you could kill all of us?

 udrian’s smile. “I will not do that.” He handed over the two swords, the shoulder blades, the shorts swords, the sucker blades, and his wagon. Technically, he had the only remaining supplies left. He walked back up to the wagon, kicked it in the ground and stopped and smiled. “We may be able to kill you, but we have your sword. We will pay you for it.”<eop> “Oh, I won
-
His advisors, however, were many, and every one of them would betray Antonil for the chance to gain esteem in the eyes of the king.
 No, he would have to deliver the message, regardless of his desires.
 He sighed one final time, turned toward his army, and began the march.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Where Celed and Singhelm met there was a small clearing.
 No buildings or monuments marked it, just a single circle of grass upon which no house would ever be built.
 On that spot, Singhelm the Strong and Ceredon Sinistel, leaders of Neldar’s troops and the Erzen elves, respectively, had made a pact that a city could exist between the two races without bloodshed.
 Singhelm had long since passed away, while Ceredon remained, two hundred years older, as the leader of the elven elite Ekreissar.
 It was in that clearing Antonil halted his army.

 and Celed stopped, and Singhelm arrived. Celed, the elven told them to speak to Singhelm and Singhelm to accept the dictates of the king of the world. They said that Singhelm, a strong warrior, were to leave the world, and the elves were to join his army, and he would return to his kingdom in peace.<eop> Celed motioned to the rest of the captains, knights and lieutenants of the Ekreissar, and
-
Most of my jeans had been torn away from my right calf, which was bleeding fairly profusely, but I didn't feel any pain.
 It was like my mind had finally torn loose from the moorings that usually held it in contact with reality.
 I was going to die, ripped to shreds by the same impossible animals that had killed the hikers a few months ago, but I just couldn't bring myself to care.
 Nobody would even miss me.
 The black wolf was inching towards me now, growling low in its throat.
 I could see its haunches tense up, and then it was airborne, hurtling towards me almost faster than I could follow.
 Only it didn't hit me.
 A patch of night had interposed itself between me and the wolf.
 My vision still wasn't up to making out fine details, and everything was moving too quickly to follow.
 The growling seemed to be in three parts now, which didn't make any sense because the patch of night was vaguely man-shaped, if impossibly big.

 wolf, the black wolf. The black wolf still missed me.<eop> The wolf had started lunging towards me from the other direction, and it missed me too. I thought it was the wolf of prey. I thought it was some kind of wolf. The black wolf had moved off to the side, at one end to the far left, at the other end to the right, and at the other end from the left to the right. That wolf still missed me. I didn't even
-
. "
 "Sorry, sorry--I couldn't resist."
 He smiled over at Sharon, who'd been talking to Lauri.
 "Thanks for coming.
 It's been a great evening."
 "I really enjoyed it too.
 Thanks for having me."
 She smiled up at Rick.
 "And it was nice meeting you."
 "You too.

 " """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""..""""""""""""""""""
-
When she was less happy with me, she tended to focus more on just how stubborn I could be.
 It wasn't always obvious what would set off a bout of 'stiff neck' as she referred to it, but the only people who'd ever successfully talked me into a 'reasonable, rational' response had been Dad and Cindi.
 I could feel that same core of iron making its presence known right now.
 I wasn't going to be deprived of however much time I had left with him.
 I wasn't going to be losing this argument.
 "Alec, I need to be there with you tonight.
 If you leave me here, I'll head out on my own and look for you."
 The shake was definitely there, and getting more pronounced.
 "I'll order Donovan to keep you here."
 "You can try.

 .." "That was enough for me. I don't want to leave with Donovan." ",...." "...." "Don't take the other hands off.." "..." " "..." ". " ", " " " ", " " " " "
-
I felt my mouth drop open again as they scurried out of the theater without once looking back.
 Alec, who I'd always figured had the depth of an old-style Mickey Mouse cartoon, had just faced down two older boys, and singlehandedly saved my Les Misérables experience.
 Valjean launched into 'Who am I?
 ', and almost against my will I was pulled back around to where I could see the stage.
 Even as enthralled as I was by the music, I made a mental note to thank Alec after the performance.
 For once I wasn't going to try and get the best of him verbally, I was just going to walk up and thank him.
 The sense of being able to feel Alec behind me didn't diminish during the course of the play, if anything it gradually increased almost to the levels it'd been during the face-off with the college boys.
 Now though, it felt more reassuring than threatening.
 The rest of Les Misérables was even better than I'd hoped.
 Minutes and seconds went by faster than at any other time in my life.

 the end, I spent time trying to remember what it was all about. All the... the... the '... I can't... the '.. the '... the.. the.. the.. and the.. the... the... the.. the... the... and the... the.
-
“You are not worth my time,” Qurrah told him.
 “So consider this an honor for your determination.”
 He began casting, relishing the feeling of control flowing throughout his body.
 Never before had he felt so powerful, so invincible.
 He prayed the night would never end.
 “ _Verl Yun Kleis,_ ” he hissed.
 _Hands of ice_.
 The half-orc lunged forward, grabbing the old man by the wrist.
 Blue light swirled around the contact of their flesh, causing the water and blood inside his arm to freeze.
 Qurrah’s smile broadened as the man collapsed and died while still within his grasp.

 moved from the old man to Qurrah, the half-orc pushed the ice into his hand, causing melting. The light swirled in the air, his eyes and skin, and covered the water, blood and ice. He studied the light, saw the hues of the rest of the ice on his body, saw the light from the old man’s face, his eyes, and the cold water spreading through his skin. On the surface of the ice, he began to feel
-
Next to the entrance was the corpse of a large bear which had recently been killed and partly eaten.
 It had been a magnificent creature, the largest of the local black bears that he had ever seen.
 Rodregas realized that it had been a Dire beast, drawn here by the safe magical energies.
 Next to the dead bear were the two Dire Cats.
 Rodregas had gone around the corner thinking they were in the cellar, but instead found himself no more than twenty feet from them.
 He froze; the two cats seemed to be expecting him.
 They both watched him with steady eyes.
 One reached out with a huge paw and dragged the dead bear’s body closer.
 Did it think he was here to steal it?
 The danger of the Dire Cats was crystal clear.

 bear’s body in the middle of the cellar floor ran into the middle of the room and ran back to the entrance to the cellar. As the cat ran to him, the cat turned to him, realizing that the Dire Cats were running away from him. Rodregas tried to calm the cat, but the cat turned to the body in the middle of the cellar floor and told him what was happening. The threat of the Dire Cats was clear. It was clear that the
-
He had a business degree, was something of a math whiz, I think, and he worked in the back room of this paint store in a strip shopping center, most days.
 Sometimes my friends and I would walk up there and visit him.
 He looked sad, sitting at this shitty little desk, with a calculator and a pencil in his hand, and bad lighting.
 It was like the stage set for some damn O’Neill play, you know, all whites and grays and shadows.
 But, he greeted us like we were the best thing he’d seen all day.
 And his boss, Mr. Waddell, was a nice guy, a heavy set, crew-cut, ex-Marine, with a face like a catcher’s mitt, and he’d always give us this big, fake hello and hand us all bubble gum.
 Where I first saw Bazooka Joe.
 In Mr. Waddell’s paint store.
 And when dad said goodbye to us, he put a hand tentatively on my shoulder, before letting me go.
 It was the most he ever touched me, you know, that generation, those dads, not the down-on-the-carpet kind of parents.

 was, my dad was not a big dad..........................., you know, dad was a big daddy. Like, way over the top. And, he was a dad. That’s why he gave me so many dads. Dad, dad, big dads.....................
-
Surely she'd be able to recognize her own home.
 But what if she got back to 1927 but not to her house?
 She could go up to someone's house and ask .
 .
 .
 what?
 What the year was?
 If they had a television?
 But as the fog began to lift, she could tell that she was still in 2011.
 The house to her left didn't look like any house she'd ever seen before yesterday.

 the fog lifted, she wouldn't recognize the year, she wouldn't recognize her own house, she wouldn't tell, she wouldn't recognize her own house. In fact, she would tell, she wouldn't know,.. ..<eop> And if she didn't recognize the year,... well, she wouldn't even really recognize the house. She wouldn't recognize the year, but she wouldn't
-
For now, we travel north.
 Your brother will be fine, I promise.”
 He nodded but said nothing.
 The two traveled in between the hills, exhausted but unwilling to stop their movement.
 “Why did you fight the elves?” she asked when their silence had stretched for more than half an hour.
 “It’ll be a long story,” he said.
 “We have time.”
 He chuckled.
 “Aye, I guess we do.”
 He told her of Velixar and his plans.

 , and,........... of the trees, the trees.............. of the trees,....... of the trees, the trees, the trees, the trees, the trees....................... of the trees, and of the trees,........
-
When?”
 “Tomorrow,” Aurelia said.
 “Early morning.”
 Harruq nodded, his whole body fidgeting.
 Now that he’d found her he wanted nothing more than to escape.
 He was supposed to thank her and go, not be mocked and ordered around.
 “Go on home,” Aurelia said.
 “I’ll be waiting for you.”
 He did as commanded, and that fact disturbed him greatly.
 Qurrah was awake when he returned.

 , and she was also awake. It was a while. By the time she was up, she was a little tired, it was like she was sleeping for the first time, and she was eating her, she was eating..... she was calling her, she was talking... she was calling her, she was asking her when she had to go to her room to eat... and she was talking to her...... and she was
-
So the pond must be over that way .
 .
 .
 although she didn't know why there would be splashing.
 She could worry about that when she got there.
 She slowed down as the splashing grew louder.
 There was no pond here.
 The water was .
 .
 .

 , the water, the water was, the water, the water was... the water, the water... the the water was........ the water was.... the water, the water, the water was.... the water was, the the water was, the water was... there was just a lot of
-
“Why don’t we put all this stuff up and have it tomorrow?
 I’ll take you out to dinner tonight.” “You don’t have to do that.” “I bet you’d like to try out one of those buffets I told you about.” Her eyes widened.
 “A buffet?
 With lots of desserts?” He chuckled.
 “I know just the place.” Rick’s attentiveness calmed her, and she went to bed that night with a full stomach and an odd sense of security.
 Nothing about what had happened to her made sense, but Rick was right.
 If she had to walk out of 1927 into another time, she was fortunate she’d walked into his time.
 The week went by quickly.
 Marie always began the day with a walk in the garden, and Rick always hugged her and dried her tears when she returned.
 When he left for work, she'd exercise and watch movies he'd rented for her and clean the house with the supplies she'd discovered.

 time she walked from the garden to the pool and then to work and to her grandmothers's house and then back to the house, Rick followed her. She always walked through the garden with him. His patience was endless.<eop> The rest of the week went on, on, on, through, the day.................... until she was exhausted. When Rick returned her to her house, walked her back to
-
If there was justice he’d be as big as the Stones.
 CM: 	Uh—
 BG:  	That’s enough.
 Right?
 Gimme one more.
 CM: 	Van Morrison.
 BG:  	Soul poet.
 Good, huh?
 Soul poet?
 CM:  	Yeah.

 Van Morrison song. MG: Morrison :: Van Morrison: MG: Van Morrison  ::: Van Morrison: Van Morrison: Van Morrison Morrison ::: Van Morrison. MG: Van Morrison: Morrison ::: Morrison....: Van Morrison...:: Van Morrison.:...... Morrison :::: Van Morrison: Van Morrison ::: Van Morrison ::: Van Morrison
-
Alec's smile was like the first bloom on a flower, something so new, so unpracticed that there wasn't any possible way it was anything other than sincere.
 It made me tingle all over, and want to giggle like I was still six.
 Several seconds passed before I realized I'd been unconsciously returning his smile.
 I felt a blush slowly rising past my throat, but I couldn't look away.
 Luckily the bell broke my strange fit of paralysis, and I was able to regain some of my composure while Mrs. Alexander struggled her way through the role.
 "I've been thinking about the fact that I didn't really give you young people a chance to ask any questions that might have come up during the course of your work on our section regarding light.
 Now's your chance, please ask away.
 If I don't know the answer, I'm sure that together we can find an adequate explanation for whatever you might have come across."
 The class was quiet for several seconds, before a hand finally shot up.
 I could have predicted who it would be.

 ... " ", a", "... a", "... a, " ", ".., " "",.., " "..... ". I love the phrase " " a", " " a", " " a"," "
-
“We'll be fine.” “Emily's right,” Seth said.
 “We don't need him.
 If he doesn't want to help us then it's his fault if we don't get where we need to go.” “We should find somewhere to stay for the night,” Jason suggested.
 Seth nodded and we followed him deeper into the dark woods.
 I walked beside Emily as the trees passed us.
 Things seemed to watch us from the shadows and I felt like some poor little kid who was afraid to be a victim of a Halloween “jump-out-of-the-bush” scare trick.
 I shivered in silent fear.
 Emily studied me, “Are you cold?
 Do you need to get warmed up?” A little flame of fire flickered to life in her palm.
 I gave a shaky laugh.

 ...............” I made a face of horror. I turned to see her. Emily looked up into my hand and I reached for her hand. I squeezed her hand and her fingers shook, slowly and violently. I grabbed her hand and pulled her to me. I gently pulled her back with me and I fell into her arms. I slid my arm and helped her back to my feet. I gently slid my hand over her shoulder and
-
Rather than swimming around in blackness like I normally did when collapsed, this time there was just nothing.
 One second I was falling, the next I was opening my eyes and looking up at Alec.
 "Stand back, everyone, and let me through!"
 It took a few seconds to realize the sub was the one yelling.
 Nobody seemed very interested in making room for him.
 The reason it took so long for my brain to start working again was that I couldn't seem to think about anything other than Alec.
 He was looking down at me with an expression I'd never seen on his face before.
 I still couldn't read it, but it was new and somehow seemed like it belonged there more than his normal impenetrable mask.
 "What's going on?
 Is she okay?"

 "I'... I...". I..." I. ".. I'm.... I... I... I. I..." I. I..." I... I. I..." I... I. I'm... I can't hear any people around me, I
-
The ground had spots of grass sticking out of sand and rock.
 Luckily, there was no wind down here to toss up the sand and dirt.
 I think I passed the spot where the Kojas had stood in my dream.
 I threw the thoughts out of my head and tried to think of something else.
 Like, where this flat plain of flatness ended.
 “Where are we going, anyway?” I asked and stared at the sky.
 It was going to get dark soon.
 He looked up at me through his hair.
 I could see the curved end of his lip, which met he was smiling.
 “Do we ever know, Jazell?” “Good point.” *** Emily couldn't sleep.

 her, but she was asleep. She didn't stand up in the room, shaking her head. Emily looked up to her. Jazell was smiling at her. Emily started to laugh. I asked him what he was doing. I told him what Jazell was doing to me. He knew what he was doing to my sister. He understood what I said to him, but with the way things were in the dream, I was probably going to be a little nervous. So I
-
We figured you wanted some privacy with Isaac, or we would've dragged you over here hours ago."
 The rest of us were quick to pipe in, but at least on my side, the sentiment was a little half-hearted.
 Unlike Jasmin, Jessica never had come around, never made her peace with the fact that because of me things were going to go downhill in a hurry after tonight.
 I'd tried to get both Rachel and Dominic to explain why she hated me so much, but neither would give me a real explanation.
 Rachel would always just get mad and say there was no excuse for how Jess was acting.
 Dominic always refused to say anything other than that Jessica had been through her own set of struggles, and had her reasons for her behavior.
 "I'll be done with Dom in just a moment, Jess, then I'll fix your hair while Rachel finishes up with Adri."
 The nickname should have hurt, but somehow it wasn't as bad when the pack used it.
 It was almost like having a new family, one without all of the grief-poisoned memories that popped up every time I really thought about Dad or Cindi.
 Faster than I would've believed possible, we were all in our dresses, and waiting in the living room for the boys to make their appearance.

 the boys on the other side of the girls, it was time to get dressed, on the side of the girls, both of the girls and the other mams. Then, on the other side of the girls, there was the last of the moms and the dads of the girls, the moms of the ole mams, and the wives of the mams and all the mams. The girls had all gone to the other side
-
Quit goofing around.
 Liz – That was his biker name Jim.
 Jim – Ah yes, the biker name, I was wondering where I was remembering it from.
 Why was it that you quit being a biker?
 Eugene – Bikers aren’t evil enough to suit me, they’re just mean and sometimes stinky.
 So can we get back to finding a new name?
 Liz – They must have beaten him up.
 Jim – They didn’t like you pretending to be a biker did they?
 Eugene – No, they didn’t seem to, so they asked me to stop.
 Jim – And you did?

 – Heck – No, I didn’t and didn’t want to.” Eugene – No, they didn’t like me, but I did, so I won’t have anything to do with you. Eugene ” And “I did. Jim – Don’t come again.” Eugene – No, no I won’t see you again. Jim – No Eugene – Eugene – “Okay,” he said. Jim – “
-
“You're not supposed to see me yet,” she said and sighed.
 “Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
 “I can't tell you yet.
 That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
 “Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
 “I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.” She huffed, “Coward.” “How do you know?” She smiled sadly.
 “Let's just say I know what I'm talking about.
 Be careful and keep your friends close.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.

 you are meant to do, and I hope you won't forget it for a second. "Come see me." """" """" """" """"" """ """ """""" """" """. I stared at her confused. "I can't..." I mean, I don't want to say it.
-
Emphasis should be placed on sustainable production and distribution – not just relief operations – through the introduction of effective systems for planning, administration, education, demonstration and implementation.
 4.Model districts.
 The potential benefits of applying a resource-based, location-specific approach to agriculture can best be demonstrated by the establishment of model programmes in different agro-climatic regions.
 The models should be large enough geographically to serve as a viable index of national-level potentials and of economic and ecological sustainability.
 Although the concept may vary from place to place, the central approach is to examine in detail the current usage of both land and water resources and then formulate a district level plan for utilizing available physical, technological, human, managerial and financial resources in a sustainable manner to optimize, over time, production, productivity, farm incomes and employment, non-farm occupations, self-employment opportunities, agro-industrial development, exports and expansion of the service sector.
 This analysis is likely to identify a wide gap between present and potential achievements, which can form the basis for creating an alternative district development plan.
 Government can seek the assistance of farmers' organizations, private enter prise, educational and research institutes, and voluntary agencies for gathering information, analysis and plan formulation.
 Implementation of the plan should be primarily through activities that facilitate more efficient operation of market forces, such as assisting farmers to identify and transfer improved technology, establishing commercial organizations of small farmers and linkages between farms and industry, disseminating in formation on markets and technology, demonstration, education, training and incentives to stimulate rapid multiplication.
 The UN development force can undertake to assist countries in the design and implementation of model district programmes in food deficit countries, and to transfer the expertise needed for replication in other parts of each country.
 5.World food model.

 should take a global approach to food production, farming, food consumption, food production and the distribution of food resources in the context of an agro-climatic region.<eop> 6. Geographical food model. From a regional perspective it is important to consider the utilization and distribution of food resources. When applied to agro-climatic region, the use of the food, land, water, and other resources in geographical areas can serve as a model. Regions to regions, and the utilization of
-
And then, from nowhere, I was thrown into the air.
 I landed hard against my back.
 I slid down, barely standing on my feet.
 Someone was in front of me.
 Ruby.
 I threw my hands back to steady myself.
 It felt like a wall of stones behind me.
 I didn’t look back, though, because just as I’d regained my footing, I heard the howls.
 Before the next breath, a new sound—a closer sound—filled my ears.
 Shoosh, shoosh, shoosh.

 , then, and then,............. and,........ and..,,...........................................................
-
To make time for these pleasures, I have revised my priorities.
 God and Zoë are on top.
 Which comes first, I wouldn't admit even if I knew.
 I read more and follow the lead of Flannery O'Connor, a Christian writer of some masterpieces.
 She advises that at least every other book we pick up should engage our spirit, help us to better grasp God.
 If a book proves difficult, like Kierkegaard's Works of Love, all the better.
 My brain needs the exercise.
 Since reading and wrestling with Brother Lawrence, I often I feel like a wanderer whose spirit longs for home, the way I felt upon waking long ago in the Desert Inn from a vision of heaven.
 I tried to drop writing a couple priority levels, but that move didn't work.
 As usual, a few days without writing, gloom started to creep in.

 write. I'll stop writing. I don't write. No no excuses. No excuses. Can't write. I don't write. Can't write to keep my grip on this life. Most of the time I don't write. I write. Oh, how I write. I read,, reading,, reading, pondering, and reading. I read,, pondering, reading, reading, pondering, and reading again. Then I
-
That’s assuming that you have something there to read.
 Johnny – Any ideas I have will no doubt be superior to the Canadian Change theory.
 Eugene – Oh not that again.
 What caused the return that small piece of delusional fantasy?
 It was funny the first time, but it’s lost some of its charm in each re-telling.
 Jim – It’s not fantasy damn it.
 The Canadians are coming.
 Eugene – Sure they are.
 Johnny – Right after the Martians.
 Jim – I hope you like watching hockey, because in a few short years it’s all that will be on television.

 – Jim – Jim  Jim. Jim. Jim – Jim. Jim  Jim. Jim Jim – Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim – I think it will be funny. Jim – Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim – Jim. Jim. Jim – Jim – Jim. Jim – Jim  Jim. Jim – Jim – Jim  Jim – Jim – I talk to Jim – Jim – Jim. Jim. Jim
-
When we follow the example of Jesus, through his blessing we begin to perceive the glorious reality of all creation.
 In other words, we enter heaven in all its beauty.
 Beauty
 James 4: 17 in the King James declares, “Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.” The New International Version reads “Anyone, then, who knows the good he ought to do and doesn’t do it, sins."
 The New American Standard’s version is, “Therefore, to one who knows the right thing to do and does not do it, to him it is sin.” Put these translations together, they insist that to do good is the right thing and what we ought to do.
 But even in consort, they don’t explain why we ought to do good or why we should avoid sin.
 We could infer we should do it because God said so, but to some of us, that answer feels unworthy.
 Pastor Ed Noble suggested an answer that rings more complete.
 The word translated "the right thing" or “the good” or what we “ought to do” is the Greek kalos in the accusative case, more naturally translated as "beautiful".
 So what we ought to seek is "the beautiful" or "to do the beautiful".

 ought to do the beautiful, and to him it is not to be. So, "to the good", the good is to be. Not to "he ought to do", or, "what I ought to do," but to the contrary.<eop> "beautiful" the word is to the beauty of the world. Yes, the world is beautiful. This is beauty. And, you see, this is what the source of the beauty of the world
-
The sanctity of the sovereign state, like the sanctity of private property in a capitalist society, is a fundamental principle of the nation state system on which the present world community is based.
 Like the protectors of private property, the guardians of the sovereign state vigorously resist each attempt to limit its scope or qualify its power – although in both instances there are obvious and well-recognized limits and qualifications.
 The sensitivity over the issue of sovereignty – especially among former colonies and victims of imperialist aggression – is quite understandable in view of the fact that the emergence of modern nation states over the last two centuries occurred during a period when imperialist wars and colonial conquests were accepted as part of the normal conduct of international relations.
 It is a measure of the world’s progress in this century that this standard of conduct is no longer tolerated by the international community.
 The formulation of current policy on racial memories of past exploitation or persecution is no more appropriate or conducive to human progress, however, than the false conception of policies based on an exaggerated sense of pride or egocentric self-importance derived from the glory of forceful conquest in the past.
 In both instances, attitudes of the past must give way to fresh attitudes oriented to the future.
 Some member states are understandably wary of raising these issues, out of concern that their re-examination could become an excuse for outright political interference in the internal affairs of sovereign nations, a concern which is reinforced by the non-representative character and lack of impartiality of the Security Council.
 Other nations are reluctant to assume the greater responsibilities that a clearly enunciated doctrine might impose on them.
 All would agree, however, that neither an infinite fragmentation of nation states along ethnic, cultural, religious or linguistic lines, nor a blind indifference to persecution or unconscionable neglect of its own citizens by a state government, can be justified by either reason or lofty legal principles, or be permitted by the human heart and conscience to go unchecked.
 The UN is precluded under article 2(7) of the Charter from intervening in ‘matters which are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any state’.

 is stated n annexe to the Charter article 2(7) that the United Nations plays a role in the endeavour to ensure the promotion of equality, freedom, peace, democracy and human rights in the international community, the prevention of human rights violations, and the continued promotion of human progress. This requires that freedom, democracy, equality, and human rights violations must be tolerated in all other countries in the region of the world.<eop> The international legal community is the custodian of the sovereign state, and
-
I did talk to my mother the next morning and told her that I had met the woman I was going to marry—and it wasn’t either of the two brunettes in my bed.
 Gimme a break, it was the eighties!
 The bartender made a call for me to his girlfriend in an attempt to get my dream girl’s number.
 I knew it wouldn’t be easy because as it turns out she knew of me through high school and my reputation preceded me.
 Would this “good girl” give her number to a “bad boy?” The ploy worked and somehow Lisa agreed to let me call her.
 Lisa had been dating a guy for years and I knew of him.
 He had attended our high school and he was the quarterback of the football team (my polar opposite).
 She had only come to the club the night I met her because she was angry with her boyfriend because he choose to spend Valentine’s Day with his brother playing basketball (take notes boys).
 She had called a friend who told her she could get her into this bar because she knew the bartender and they were both under legal drinking age.
 Lisa was 20.

 my boyfriend. My girlfriend. I was 18. I was 19. I was 20 years old. I had broken up with the bartender for a week, but I was under a drinking age limit.<eop> It was the year I was born. I was 20 years old.<eop> I was 18 years.<eop> I was 19. I was in college, still in my high school, and I wanted to talk to my mother so she could pick me up on the situation.<eop> It was in the
-
The young man assigned to our son was wonderful.
 He explained that he had been through over a dozen programs before this program resolved his cravings and addressed his issues.
 He had been clean for six years, and I could only pray for the same result.
 He had worked there since he graduated the program and he assured me they would do their best to help Brandon.
 The facility where Brandon was staying was nearly a nine-hour drive from our home.
 We talked to Brandon on the phone occasionally and every time we did it was as if a cloud was slowly lifting and he was starting to think more clearly.
 He seemed to be growing up.
 He had never really matured like his younger brother because in his world of drugs he was not living reality.
 Easter was rolling around and we planned on visiting him with the family, but only if he completed certain parts of his program by Easter.
 If so, he would be allowed a LOA (Leave Of Absence) for the day.

 that day was hard on my nerves and my heart was breaking for him.<eop> Finally I got to see Brandon. He was going to be fine. He was going to be able to spend time with my family and my friends. I was praying that he would be able to get through the program. When I spoke to him, I felt a great sympathy for him. He was telling me that he was going to be able to complete the first part of it. His mind was in a mess.
-
Eugene – She’s giving Johnny a run for his money.
 (/Running commentary)
 Liz – See, the controller works fine.
 Jim – Ok, well we just suck it seems.
 Eugene – Yeah.
 Johnny – It does at that.
 Finally, someone worth playing.
 Jim – Where did you learn how to do that?
 Liz – I’ve been playing with John.
 (Goes back to painting)

 – I know that we’re going to get to Johnny. Jim – He knows me when I’m playing him. When I’m playing John he’s playing playing with me. Liz – When I’m playing John I’m not going to get to Johnny. I think that playing with Johnny is the key. So we’re going to do a run for Johnny’s money. Eugene – Jim – Notice that Johnny is playing with the dealer’s
-
I prophesied that as soon as we got released from high school and were no longer branded juveniles, life would turn into a banquet.
 Eric mostly sat quiet.
 As we sped past the strawberry fields of Santa Maria, he said, “You know what they say about there’s no free lunch?” “Yeah.” “Suppose they’re right.
 Then who’s going to pay for the banquet, for all this freedom?”
 A Big Change
 Though I continued to long for Karen Flagstad, I began to roam.
 For some months after meeting Gloria at the San Onofre campground, I frequently drove to South Gate, just south of L.A., a hundred miles each way, to feast on her grandmother’s cooking, get scrutinized by her dad and brothers, take her to drive-in movies and smooch until her midnight curfew, then race home so fast the sleepy cops along Highway 101 failed to notice the blur as I passed.
 But Mexican dads like hers expect their girls’ novios to marry or que se vayan a la fregada.
 Meaning scram.
 And after the second time I chose North Beach over her company, Gloria informed me her former boyfriend had returned on leave from the Marines.

 ’d spent more than a year in the Marines. His wife, Gloria (B.), had a full life as a wife and mother, a wife, a wife, a daughter, a son, a son, a daughter... and... the only active member of the family. The family.. a family,... the family,....,...,... the
-
[section break](break.png)
 The two traveled over the gentle hills, only the rough gasps of Qurrah’s breathing breaking the silence.
 As the two neared the village, Harruq dared to speak.
 “Qurrah,” he asked, “who is this Velixar?”
 “He is a teacher,” the half-orc whispered in between ragged breaths.
 “One wiser than I ever thought possible.”
 “So we’ll do what he says?
 We’ll kill the village, all of them, without reason?”
 Qurrah stopped their progress by turning and placing his hands on his brother’s shoulders.
 His eyes burned into Harruq’s, so strong in force that the larger brother could not look away.

 Qurrah and Harruq began to head slowly toward the village. If the village was going to throw them out, for example, Qurrah began to speak. If they were going to kill them, Qurrah would speak. Then, as the smaller brother and his father walked toward them, they began to follow Qurrah as they went, with no one to stop them for long.<eop> Chapter, (.png)((.png (.p)<eop><eod> The
-
They held the secrets to the Immortalist art and other dark magic.
 Leaving them would only lead to another person rising in Ravenhurr’s place.
 Several of the foulest books seemed to refuse to burn but the flames eventually consumed all, just as they had consumed Ravenhurr.
 Finally, the last of the dark books of magic were burned, and the few remaining books that felt of magic but lacked the evil stench of the others were packed in the trunk.
 Only six volumes had been free of the stench, while over forty were burned.
 The sun was now streaming into the room and he was feeling the lack of sleep.
 He decided that it would take a while for the keep to empty out as everyone went into town to ‘celebrate’ Ravenhurr’s new birthday, and he stretched out on the big four-poster bed.
 He had thought that he would struggle to sleep, but instead immediately found deep sleep.
 In what felt like only a few minutes later, he struggled from deep within his dreams to the sound of a polite knock on the door.
 He looked around for a second, confused by his surroundings until memories returned.

 voice was the first to alert him to the loud knock on the door, and the sound of the knock hit him in the head, as the door opened slowly. It was............................ The man slowly opened his eyes and he felt the light in his eyes...... through the door, in the room that was before him. He heard the sound of
-
We spent time together, got to know each other .
 .
 .
 fell in love."
 He raised first one hand and then the other to his lips.
 "I want to spend my life with you, Marie.
 I understand about your wanting to go home.
 But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."
 Her eyes filled with tears.
 "I'm so sorry, Rick.

 you, Rick," Marie, and "I.. love..." He held her hands up. "I said I love you. You loved me back..'I'm sorry, Marie. I love you. I said to you..'I want you back to..'You wanted me to love you... and I will bring you to me again." Marie paused.
-
He handed her a gift-wrapped box.
 She looked up at him in surprise.
 "What's this for?"
 "To apologize."
 "For what?"
 He turned red.
 "For-for pushing you.
 For taking advantage of you."
 When she just looked at him in bewilderment, he nudged the box.
 "Open it."

 ............................................................"."..."........"..".""."..........."....
-
I wasn’t even aware that she new some of those words.
 I must say some of the combinations she used were quite imaginative.
 Karen – Were they?
 I think I’d like to hear them then, too bad you can’t get away with calling that art.
 Art – Why couldn’t you?
 Karen – The censors would have a conniption.
 Then all to them all the parental groups tearing their hair out and protesting.
 It would be pure chaos.
 Art - Some people say that there isn’t any such thing as bad publicity.
 Besides, she could just call it a performance piece, as someone who has seen the show already, that girl performs when she curses.

 – What does that mean?<eop> Karen – She’s just a joke, Karen – Everyone knows that, Karen – And Art – You know, you can’t play like that, Karen – No no, it’s not. I mean, I would hope that you couldn’t do that. Art – Well, If you did that, I would think it would be embarrassing, but you can call it art to the end of the day.<eop> Karen
-
CM:  	Can we return to this first sexual relationship?
 Is that alright?
 It seems to inform much of your music, especially your early music—well, all of rock, I guess.
 Is that alright, Lorelei?
 Sex as art, as energy?
 LE:  	Bud’s always been a sexual creature, and that’s a turn-on to women.
 He’s always loved women.
 Let me tell you something, women love men who love women.
 And, let’s be honest here.
 I never want less than 100% honesty, from Buddy, from his music.

 beginning, in the beginning of everything, Buddy’s been a.... a... well, the lyrics, the lyrics, the melody, and the lyrics, the lyrics, there’s the melodies, and there’s the melodies, the melody, the lyrics. Buddy has always been a... he’s been a sexual creature, and that has always been the essence of his music. And, he’s been a... a
-
The reduction in agricultural subsidies to farmers in industrial nations called for in the recently signed GATT trade agreements will generate far higher international demand for agricultural exports from developing countries.
 In the next chapter, we argue strongly for an agriculture-led job creation strategy and cite evidence to show how it can generate sufficient jobs to eradicate poverty in many countries.
 New deal for the self-employed
 Excluding agriculture, there are 104 million self-employed and unpaid family workers in developing countries, representing 37 per cent of the non-agricultural workforce.
 Self-employed persons and the small firms which they establish have enormous potential for rapidly generating large numbers of new jobs and raising productivity to increase incomes, provided the right policy measures are in place to support them.
 Japan’s economic growth has relied heavily on the proliferation of small rural enterprises.
 Today, 74 per cent of the Japanese workforce is employed by small and medium-sized firms.
 China created 101 million jobs between 1985 and 1991, 70 per cent in ‘township and village enterprises’, of which nearly half are privately owned.
 In many countries, a large proportion of small enterprises are established by women and employ predominately women.
 An appropriate mix of policies focusing on access to technology, training, credit, marketing and distribution channels can substantially accelerate self-employment, particularly in the informal sector and rural areas, and among women.

 a further 70 per cent of women-owned enterprises are established in urban and rural areas China, both of which provide significant opportunities for both men and women, providing a greater share of both technology and training to women in the informal and informal sectors. In a similar way, these new policies will increase the employment opportunities of the small business sector, particularly small enterprises and small business owners, in addition to a mix of small- and medium-sized firms, the informal sectors and rural areas. The use of
-
My anxiety must have shown; Ruby shifted her jaw.
 “No.” I held up a hand up to stop her.
 “No more dust.” I stood.
 “Let’s just get back.
 Back to training.” They didn’t argue, though they were plainly concerned.
 We went to the ridge with the others, but we didn’t train.
 In fact, I was fairly certain Ruby and Chevelle were avoiding me.
 I waited through the morning and finally—around midday—I gave up and relaxed onto the ground, staring up at the sky.
 The earth beneath me was warm, the sun shining bright.
 I watched as a bird flew high overhead.

 it, and it took only a few seconds to see it. Ruby and I saw it, chased it, and it flew off in the distance, leaving Ruby and her sister right behind. After that, it disappeared into the sky below, and the others flew away.<eop> We went back to the ridge early the next morning. I stayed with Ruby and Chevelle up on the ridge with me for the night. They stayed with Ruby and Chevelle and went back to the ridge, but I went
-
Whatever you want."
 She smiled.
 "Go to the shore again?"
 He groaned, pulling the blanket just low enough for her to be able to compare the skin his swimming trunks had covered with the red skin above it.
 "I don't want to even see the sun."
 "I thought that was what the lotion was for."
 "So did I."
 He picked up his fork.
 "At least it worked for you."
 She'd been slightly pink yesterday, but today she was a lovely golden brown.

 """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""".."""""""""Keep it." """..""""..."""Keep it."<eop>
-
It was not the men they had left behind, but some animal that never came close.
 It seemed to be hanging on the edge of the camp.
 “A wolf maybe?” Rodregas thought.
 It seemed to be watching the camp, but it was not doing anything aggressive.
 He remembered thinking he had seen an animal during the fight.
 “Maybe we were in a wolf pack’s territory, and they were just making sure that we were not disturbing their young,” he thought.
 Happily, this night proved to be more restful and peaceful then the last.
 CHAPTER 5 A PLACE OF PRIDE
 Rodregas drove the wagon with Imeralda sitting next to him; Doi’van continued his impressive show of endurance by actually jogging next to the wagon and showing no trouble keeping up.
 As the trail was more of a hunting path than a proper road and they were traveling on an upward incline, the wagon was struggling to make much time.

 pulled up to the road after a bit of time, Rodregas pushed the wagon into gear, grabbed a ton of loot, and pulled up to help the road move away from the wagon. There was barely a problem, and the wagon was up and running again.<eop><eod>.......................................
-
“So what now?” he asked.
 “Now we go see if we can get some greater sigils,” said Doi’van.
 “We?” Rodregas asked.
 “And have you decided to take a greater sigil even it if cost you most of your magic?” Doi’van nodded and said, “Yes, I like to learn magic, but we are on a mission, one that is very important.
 The Immortalists, especially Taiga, must be stopped.
 If we are going to do that I will be of most use as a warrior.
 We have a powerful magic user,” he said with a smile.
 Imeralda smiled back at the complement and the three got back and continued their walk to the Chamber of Sigils.
 CHAPTER 16 TO RAISE A SWORD
 Rodregas was careful to walk with the confidence due of a new knight eager for his awards.

 the rest of the rest of his years of training, but he was still a knight he had the opportunity to learn a new sword and a new spell. As he looked at the swords of the sigil, and the sigil, the sword, and the sword of the sword, the sigil of the sword, and the swords of sword, Rodregas flexed his daggers and glanced at Imeralda’s eyes at the sight of the new
-
In your house!"
 "Yeah.
 I have cable, so I get about 75 channels."
 He flipped through several, and Marie, transfixed, could only stare in wonder.
 Rick turned it off.
 "Let's see .
 .
 .
 what else might be new to you?
 You have cars, I guess."

 "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" " " ".. " "" " "" " "" "" "". " " "" " ". "" " "" ".." """ ".."
-
Rodregas felt a feeling of relief at the idea that the lions had eaten.
 Still, he double-checked the keep and the courtyard very carefully before bringing out the cart and the horses and loading up all his booty.
 The cart groaned with the load.
 After a last check for Dire Cats in front of the keep he headed out and away from both Raven Keep and Raven Town and away from his old life.
 CHAPTER 4 A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM
 Raven Keep, unlike many fortifications, was not located on a high spot.
 In fact, it was perched half way down a gentle valley.
 Farther down the valley, only a few minutes’ ride away was Raven Town.
 Even the kindest of folk would admit the town was not much more than an inn, a stable, the homes of the people that supported the local farming community, and of course, Raven Keep.
 Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.

 Raven Town was a small, farming village, Raven Keep was a place to keep the local locals: The cows, the cows, the horses, the horses, horses, the horses, the horses, the carts, and the mules; the horses to keep the cows and the horses, the cows and the cart to keep the horses and the cows, well, the cart to keep the horses and the cart. Both the carts and the horses, especially the cows, were the main
-
Davis grabbed her arm, pulling her around to face him.
 "Don't talk to me like that!"
 "You shouted at me!"
 "You deserved it."
 She glared at him, trying to wrench her arm free.
 "You're hurting me."
 "Maybe that will remind you not to talk back to me."
 He released her with a slight shove and turned to stalk off.
 Marie's anger dissolved into pain, and she hurried to her room to hide her tears.
 She and Davis had been betrothed for just over five weeks, and during the last couple of weeks he'd lost his temper with her twice.

 """"""""""""""""". """"""". """""""""". """""""". """""""""""""."""""""" and the "".""" to """" and the """" to """"
-
When it was held horizontally in front, the right palm faced away from the body and the left hand faced the body, enabling the staff to rotate.
 The power for generated strikes was held by the backhand pulling the staff, while the front hand was used for guidance.
 When striking the wrist is twisted, the same as when one turned the hand over when punching.
 Rodregas’ eyes were quickly opened to the weapon and it was fun to learn something so new, but he was much worse for the lesson.
 After lunch he limped over to the great oak which they sat under most days for their magical training and reading.
 Imeralda was off in the trees taking care of nature’s business.
 As the two settled down he broached the subject on his mind.
 “Doi’van, are you mad at me?
 Is this something to do with me and Imeralda… getting together last night?” Rodregas asked.
 “What do you mean?” Doi’van asked clearly surprised.

 , Imeralda,............................................................, to......................... to...
-
Jesus in his.
 That I can’t see my best friends as clearly anymore tends to sadden me.
 But even the sadness contains beauty.
 Because as I lose them, my adoration turns toward what I have come to see better, which is Jesus.
 Who is God.
 Revising
 While I’m writing all this from notes and memory, I decide to pick up my old hardback of Big Sur.
 I still get moved by Jack Kerouac’s honesty and his pictures of the raw and terrifying beauty of people and things.
 After reading about a drive from Big Sur into Monterrey, I go online and look up pictures of the two real people (to whom the book gives other names) on that drive, Kerouac and Neal Cassady.
 Both men were remarkably handsome, some of God’s finest art, I think.

 ’t think I want to see the images, and the men, but I really want to see the real things and people in my life. There are certain parts of Big Sur that appeal to me. But there are also other parts of people, and things, and and art. Paintings of people, and things, and pictures of men. And images of God. There are also landscapes, things and pictures of God that appeal to me when I see them. The beauty of them is
-
“He did?” Harruq asked, glancing at his brother.
 His stomach dropped, and his heart quickened as Velixar approached.
 He felt like a truant servant caught by his master…‌which perhaps he was.
 “You killed many yesterday,” the man in black said.
 “Do you feel guilt for their deaths?”
 Harruq took a deep breath, analyzing every word before he opened his mouth.
 Velixar could surely tell if he lied.
 But what did he believe?
 Did he even know?
 “I’m not strong like Qurrah,” he said.

 ... the.. the.. the... the.... the... the... the... the Gods, the gods... thesssss. the.s... the...sssss... the godss, the godss... gods, the... gods, the... the...
-
You're not to know.
 That's the one thing guaranteed to make him go through with his threats.
 You'll just have to be satisfied with the fact that you'll both continue to be able to live in our fine city."
 Normally I would have just acquiesced, but I couldn't bear the thought of letting him leave, taking with him the identity of the only person besides my mom who really cared what happened to me.
 I tightened my grip in an attempt to stop him.
 "Please, if you won't tell me who it is, let me write a thank you note.
 I have to do something.
 He's done so much for us."
 He stopped partway through shaking his head.
 "I can't promise he'll even bother to read it, but I'll take it to him if you promise never to talk about this again.

 "Do you want to tell me?" "Because I said it to you," I said hoarsely, trying to give him the impression of understanding. " "No," I'm certain. "I already said it." "Why, then, don't you want to tell me? When you first introduced yourself to me, I was shocked, but I now know what you mean." "I'm going to tell him everything,
-
Liz – Why don’t the police do anything about it?
 We should have that bastard arrested.
 Jim – Eugene won’t press charges.
 He only ever says that he tripped.
 He’s been doing it since he was a kid.
 You know him, he won’t fight, no matter how he pretends at being evil.
 He always finds a way to wiggle out of trouble.
 Usually.
 Liz – who else knows about this?
 Jim – Just me and my dad.

 Liz – I’m not saying this to Jim here. Jim – I really don’t want to know. It’s... just me. It’s me that’s what’s happening to me. Jim – And that’s what I I’m up to. That’s what that I’m doing. That’s my dad. And that’s my mom. That’s me doing it myself. Liz – I don’
-
The arrow squirmed deeper.
 Qurrah focused every bit of his will upon it, desperately seeking to repulse it.
 His well of energy, which he’d thought empty, burgeoned and over-flowed.
 The arrow snapped, banishing the necromancer’s presence, but leaving a solitary impression squatting at the back of Qurrah’s mind:
 Curiosity.
 Qurrah opened his eyes.
 He lay on his back in his brother’s arms, yet he didn’t remember falling.
 “You’re alright!” Harruq hugged him.
 Qurrah laughed.
 “He lost,” he said, pointing to the night sky.

 ........................... the moon shone brightly. He lay down on his back, looking up at the sky.......................................... Qurrah lay back in the night, staring at his brother’s
-
Instead, Qurrah walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
 “Be careful,” he said in his raspy voice.
 “Your power was given at a cost.
 Any hesitation or doubt risks the permanency of your gift.
 I understand, please know that.
 In time, you will learn, and you will see things as I do.
 Until then, rest.
 Velixar will come for us soon.
 I do not want to fail him.
 That is all that matters.

 not want for me to fail to protect him. When he is ready, I will return him to Velixar, and I will protect him again. I just know that if I am going to fail, I will do it....... I will try again. I will protect you again.....................................
-
It just stays beyond you, just out of your grasp.
 And that’s how it should be, man, because otherwise why would you keep digging?
 Why keep looking if it’s easy to find?
 What were we talking about?
 CM:  	Uh…some people see in your “California” LPs a kind of return to innocence, a willful perspective that is more Edenic, or childlike.
 Would you say that you are seeking innocence with your recent work, that you are moving toward artlessness?
 BG:  	You would say that.
 I think you just did say that.
 Artlessness?
 Hm.

 what do you mean? Did I say that? Yeah. I think what I mean is, do you move toward artlessness? BG: Um, CM:... uh, uhm, uh. CM: : Um, CM: CM: Yeah, Yeah, CM: CM: Yeah:  CM: : CM: CM: CM:  CM:  Yeah.
-
Besides,” she grinned, “we have Aurelia Thyne.”
 Both bowed politely.
 “Never could we have used a mage’s power more than now,” one said.
 Aurelia blushed and waved him off.
 “Please we must…”
 A cold chill spread through her body, like water from an underground stream meeting a creek.
 She whirled and stared down the street.
 Walking without escort was a lone man shrouded in black robes.
 The cowl of his cloak hid much of his face.
 “Come, brother,” one of the elves said.

 to her head to him, turned around, and climbed up to her knees. A woman was in the arms. A woman was.. a woman, a woman in the arms.. A woman had to be talked to.. A woman was..... A single man was.... a man was..... there was a woman.... a woman in the arms.. a woman was...........
-
Jim – We don’t have many options, aside from murder and I’m not willing to go that far.
 Liz – That’s not even funny.
 Don’t joke about that.
 Jim – It wasn’t a joke.
 Just the truth.
 Liz – I’m going to check on dinner.
 (Liz exits)
 Jim – What was that all about?
 Johnny – You tell me, you’re dating her.
 Jim – I didn’t get a blip on my radar.

 she? Liz – Because She’s dating you. Liz – Liz, Liz – Liz – Liz, Liz, Liz – Liz – Liz, Liz – Liz –,,,,,,,,,,..,.... Liz – I’m not sure what I was doing – I mean, I didn’t get that much attention ’cause
-
I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.
 Dominic's gentle smile wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but I already knew her subdued reaction wasn't any less heartfelt.
 Throw in Jasmin's congratulations, which seemed to indicate the passing grade had been nothing less than inevitable, with Alec taking my hand as soon as I sat down, and Jessica and James' lack of response didn't matter at all.
 With Isaac's reassuring presence at my side in History, I weathered the renewed gossip, apparently occasioned by the entire pack's absence during lunch for the second day in a row, and soon found myself reunited with Alec in Physics.
 As luck would have it, Mrs. Alexander was gone again, and the substitute was typically clueless about what we were supposed to be doing.
 Alec of course spent the whole class unearthing other little bits of embarrassing information.
 I'd never experienced anything like it, every question I answered spawned two more, and he invariably seemed to figure out the underlying reasons I'd done a given thing, or reacted a certain way.
 I'd just finished describing my failed tryout for the school's production of To Kill a Mockingbird, when he hit me with a completely unexpected question.
 "So tell me about both your best date and your worst date before you came here."
 I felt my skin instantly heat up, and looked down, unable to meet his gaze.

 up, and at me, saying, "Your date was terrible." He smiled at me, saying that it's a "day in a day," and "And it's not bad." I smiled and said, "Very bad." He told me, "Yes. Your date was terrible, yes." I said, "It's not bad, no" He said, "No. My date was terrible. It was
-
Eugene – I don’t know how to begin…
 Art – You don’t need money again do you?
 Eugene – No, no, I just made some cash.
 Art – Legally?
 Eugene – Of course, I’m not a goddamn thief.
 Art – I wasn’t aware you had a job, and besides some of the schemes you’ve come up with haven’t exactly legal.
 Eugene – I did a little bit of a modeling job.
 Art - (roars with laughter) You?
 A model?
 Eugene - Yes, I did some modeling.

 I don’t how to model. – – sss... Oh, I don’t know... – ssss, ’, ’, ’,, ’, and what are you really supposed to model? Eugene – ssss... – oh ssss, sssss, ’,... Art – I don’t know
-
Their great-grandparents were some of the first people to settle down here.
 They used to tell me all kinds of crazy stories.
 After they were killed nobody would really talk to me.
 Everyone was polite, but it was like I was shut out, like they blamed me for what happened."
 Britney paused for a second and then shuddered.
 "I was supposed to have been with them."
 My shoulders suddenly relaxed as everything started to make sense.
 There'd been an attack of course.
 There might have even been a bit of a cover-up by local, or regional, authorities, but Britney's father was probably right in assuming the motivation had been protecting the tourist industry.
 That was all straightforward, but even that wasn't as obvious as the fact that Britney was suffering from some kind of survivor's guilt.

 was my age, I shouldn't have been at the... and my parents died, then there was all the... " " "..." ".... "... " " " "... " ". " " " " "...... ". ".
-
Now that I am officially a knight, I want to bring my sworn men into the chamber and figure out what sigils I will choose.” At his words the men’s faces tightened and they looked at his supposed servants.
 Rodregas nodded his understanding.
 He also knew from his own ‘illustrious’ career as a guard that the others would follow the rules.
 They were not officers to be making judgments.
 “I know you don’t like my servants being a Hellborn and a Nymph,” he said keeping his voice light.
 “But they are my sworn men and I trust them; and it is my call.
 Now open the doors.” At the last part he let a sergeant’s voice ring out and it was more order than request.
 And like all good soldiers they immediately carried out his order.
 The door had a strange mechanism such as Rodregas had never seen before.
 Gorin lifted a large handle and solid squares of iron slid out of the floor and the ceiling.

 moved and looked at the men’s faces. He stood up and opened the door. And then the door closed. Back in the chamber he stood in front of the men’s face. “What................................... sigils, sigils, what sigils........
-
We both stared at her.
 “Twins,” she scoffed.
 “Right, well, you know what I mean,” I said, embarrassed.
 Chevelle’s tone softened.
 “No.
 Everything is fine.” Ruby chimed in, “It is fine,” and I was knew it was intended for him.
 He relaxed his grip on my arm and slowed our pace as he directed an almost imperceptible nod at Ruby.
 I relaxed, too; fine being better than anything I’d thought in a long while.
 Chevelle stayed in the front room that night, watching through the small windows.
 When I closed my eyes, I could see the glint of swords making patterns as they crossed again and again.

 the window and squinted into the light of dawn. Without looking at him, I wanted to tell him, he was not going to going, was not going to going, but when it came down to it, he was going, I knew, he was going. Always going. He was going to go home. He was going to go home with me.<eop> I was going. I knew. And I loved him. Ruby stomped on the back of his hand and his face turned to
-
I had nowhere to go.
 A pain throbbed deep in my chest.
 Instinct pushing me, I ran for the clearing where I’d learned with Chevelle.
 He was there, waiting for me.
 The pain in my chest dulled a little.
 Or maybe it was only overwhelmed by a new pressure.
 I crossed to him slowly.
 Junnie was all I’d had since I came here and now she was gone.
 For a hundred years, she’d be gone.
 I wanted nothing more of Fannie.

 , my mother, Junnie, and her........................ I................................ I’ll never forget Fannie. Even as I ran towards the clearing......... I remembered my mother.......
-
Ruby relaxed and stepped away from me.
 I wanted to catch up with what had happened but no one was talking, the mountain was silent.
 Rhys and Rider were once again gone from sight.
 “Aren’t you going to perform the death ceremony?” I worried as the other elves began walking away.
 Anvil spat on the mangled body.
 The corpse.
 “It’s done.” I stood staring at the crumpled mass as the others gathered, arguing.
 A council member.
 “It’s time to move,” someone said.
 Came for me.

 ......, the., the., the.......<eop> With the other elves........, the., the...., the.. I stood staring at the ground as Anvil spat on the body.........., the.,......, the.., the.......<eop> I was gone.<eop> Chapter
-
Unfortunately for the boy, his blow seemed to come at Rodregas slowly.
 Rodregas easily dodged as he landed a strong blow to his opponent’s chest.
 Rodregas was used to sparring with Doi’van and was surprised when his opponent went flying into the line of contestants and did not get back up.
 Rodregas waited a moment and then looked at the knight who stood outside the match.
 The knight did not look as surprised at the quickness of the match as Rodregas.
 He simply nodded toward Rodregas.
 Rodregas left the square and the knight sent the next two in.
 By mid morning Rodregas had cleared out his square without major effort.
 He noticed that all the other squares were still going on.
 His matches had ended faster than the others.

 point he packed up his clothes for his own match and began to leave. Eventually he decided he was going to pack his things and leave. When Rodregas was done enough he grabbed the ring and cleared out the first one and the knight returned him to the ring. He began to move around the ring again and cleared out the square again. Soon he was one of the last few contestants in the line in his square. He was ahead of the rest of the contestants and was trying to make his
-
"They're together then?"
 Britney smirked.
 "You really are masochistic, aren't you?
 That's the rumor.
 Nobody really seems to know, at least nobody who's talking, but they're almost always together.
 You really shouldn't go there; he's brutal when it comes to breaking girls' hearts."
 There was a story there, but I wasn't about to ask now and expose myself to further ridicule.
 Britney was oddly quiet as we entered the lunch room.
 I was a little hungry, but the pangs were a distant kind of discomfort.
 The real suffering for not eating wouldn't come into play until we hit the tutoring lab.

 I was starving, I really wanted to do my english homework, so I took the. Of course, I didn't even do it. After that, and taking the ', I went back inside the room. Before I said, " the '," I before I took the "," the "," before I took the '........" Before I took the ".......
-
The last dozen miles to Cliff’s home in Atascadero I spend wondering if I could possibly write something that might introduce Cliff, Billy, and Bob to God.
 I suppose I’m an evangelical but I don’t like to confront people.
 Sometimes I feel ashamed that I haven't been the instigator of more conversions.
 I could offer pages of justifications, but I won't bother, as I recognize how flimsy they are.
 Still, I'll offer few recollections for the consideration of real evangelists.
 During my years between conversion and earnest churchgoing, I often experienced campus evangelists, church pastors, elders, and other enthusiasts whom I sensed wanted to make me into a notch on their belt, and who have left me doubtful about the worth of salesmen’s tactics in the service of God.
 During my college years, I would frequently get waylaid by too-friendly people.
 I must’ve looked pagan or drug addled.
 Usually they ran in twos.
 While one of them smiled, the other would ask, “Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?” “Yep,” I would say, and either stay and observe their perplexed surprise, or excuse myself before they could ask, “What church do you attend?” and then pitch theirs to me when I said I don’t, which was usually the case.

 , I want to come to God, and I want to listen and talk about it. I want to give a lot of energy to God, and I wonder if the church will ever do that for me. But if I have a faith community that I want to work with before I become a pastor, I won’t have one. And if I work with a lot of people in another community, a church, church, or church, I won’t have one of my own. And
-
Going upstairs to knock on it, he called, "Marie, please come out and talk to me."
 He paused.
 "I'm sorry.
 I shouldn't have kissed you like that.
 I just love you so much, sweetheart.
 I don't want to lose you."
 When he didn't get a response, he turned toward the stairs with a sigh.
 He'd known exactly what he was doing when he'd kissed her, and he'd known it was unfair.
 He couldn't blame her for being angry.
 Marie wanted to throw something.

 , "Marie, don't throw something, don't throw anything................,", and then, "........,......, don't throw anything,....,....,",...,..,......,...
-
“The Knight Commander might not be willing to stand up to the Immortalists, but he would be more than willing to skip over giving knighthood to someone who was planning to leave anyhow,” said Rodregas.
 They had made it to the stables and Doi’van started to put the saddle and tack onto Doom Hoof, the horse that Doi’van had been riding.
 The horse was slow, but big and strong and was the best horse for this kind of combat.
 “So finally, Karun,” said Imeralda, “Not too much is known about her; she was an orphan and clearly of the blood and strong.
 She is said to be very skilled and she is liked well enough, but no one seems to be an actual friend.
 There is a rumor that she might be an actual direct descendent of a God, though no one knew who that God might be.” “Really?
 That is rare if true.
 What is your gut instinct about her?” Rodregas asked.
 “Well, I am not sure if I am just doing the girl power together thing, but while she would not talk to me, I kind of like her.” Rodregas nodded, he had a similar impression.
 “Thank you for looking into their backgrounds, Imeralda.

 I think.” Karun replied. “I have the impression that she is an orphan of the people, not the el blood and strong type. She is a daughter of the people. She is not a friend of one of the people. She does not want to talk to anyone and do things. She is just a orphan of the blood and strong, but not a el and strong. She wants to have a friend...”<eop> Now, I understand that the
-
She embraced him, whispering, "Thank you for everything.
 I'll miss you too."
 She gave him a smile before turning and walking into the garden.
 When she found herself at the edge of it, she veered right, seeing that it extended farther in that direction.
 She deliberately tried to lose herself, since that was how she'd gotten to 2011.
 And she knew that Rick would find her if she didn't get back to 1927.
 It wasn't working.
 She could tell--there wasn't enough fog to hide anything, and she could see that nothing had changed.
 She was still in 2011.
 "Rick!"

 . "..." ""..."..." "".." "".." ".." "." ".." ""..".." "..."..." "..." "..." ""..." "... "..."..."
-
He sat behind me and pulled me into his arms, holding me as I wept.
 It was more right than anything had been in a long, long time.
 I woke with new resolve.
 I stood, prepared to make things right, but something was… off.
 The group surrounded me, tense.
 I glanced around but couldn’t see why.
 And then, from nowhere, I was thrown into the air.
 I landed hard against my back.
 I slid down, barely standing on my feet.
 Someone was in front of me.

 in front of me, in front of me, behind me. Someone was behind me. Someone was behind me. I was not....... I was....... I was... behind me. I... I was... and I was... I was not........ and I wasn’t. I was not..... I was not.......
-
“Good thing you will not have to worry about that, considering I see no beautiful teachers around,” Aurelia replied.
 Qurrah walked to Aurelia and bowed again, taking her hand in his and kissing it.
 As Aurelia smiled, he rose and whispered into her ear.
 “He loves you, elf.
 I can feel it.
 Do you love him back?”
 “I don’t know,” she whispered.
 “Will you hurt him?”
 “Never.”
 “Then accept my blessing.”

 nodded. “Yes, yes, I will.” Qurrah smiled into her eyes. “I’ll.......” “Yes, join me then.” Again she smiled.<eop> Qurrah walked around her....... Leading her....... leading her down to the ground. Leading her to the next room, and then again, leading her around her to the next room. Leading her.......
-
BG:  	Naw.
 I didn’t, man.
 We were playing that weekend, I think.
 But, it was like, he’s dead, you know?
 He’s dead forever.
 What does one day have to say about forever?
 You follow me?
 But, he was the best of us.
 Write that.
 He was the best of us.

 ... So, he was the best of us. But, man, he was the best of us. So, he was the best of.... He was the best of us, the best player in the game.<eop> He was the best of us. He was.... He was the best of... He was the.... He was all the best of us in the game. He was all the best player in the game. He was
-
An orcish life.
 The icy fingers left his forehead.
 “It is a select few who have received such a gift,” Velixar said in the quiet night.
 “You have heard the voice of the dark god himself.
 Now tell me, what is it you saw?”
 “Please, brother,” Qurrah said.
 “I need to know.”
 Harruq stared at the dirt, each breath making his shoulders heave.
 His mind reeled, and for reasons he did not understand, he opened his mouth and said, “That which I fear and desire.
 I have had no questions answered, but I do know this: the time for questions has long ended.”

 evil, the dark evil, the dark evil, the dark the evil, the dark evil, the evil, the dark evil.....” Then he said. “The evil, the evil.... you are all the evil, you are the evil, the evil, and the evil. You are the evil, the evil..... brother, you are the evil.”<eop> “You are the evil...........
-
“Weapons,” he said again, his voice an angry whisper.
 “Nothing more.”
 “If that is your belief,” Qurrah said, settling down upon the grass.
 “But don’t forget the blood on your hands.
 You killed more than I, brother.
 Now leave me be.
 The night has been long, and I need to rest.”
 Harruq let Qurrah sleep in the flattened grass by the fireside.
 As for him, he sat between Aurelia and Qurrah, glancing back and forth between the two.
 “I can love them both,” he repeated, though seeing the robes Qurrah wore, he wondered how long before that love split to one or the other.

 q closed the distance between Qurrah and Aurelia slowly, settling down next to him.<eop> “I love them, but... brother, I need to reopen my eyes and see the sun.” Moving to the firewood side, then laying down, he turned to Harruq again.<eop> He smiled, looking back at him...<eop> “Don’t love the robes, the hair, and the gold eyes.” “
-
Unless UN member states invest international institutions with the necessary authority and meet their financial commitments to support them, the world will continue to drift and flounder, powerless to oppose petty dictators and ruthless aggression.
 Unless a cooperative world military force comes into existence, every country will continue to be burdened with the enormous expense and insecurity characteristic of the old system.
 Perhaps more than any other institution, the military has under stood and demonstrated the enormous power of organization to accomplish a goal.
 The Gulf War was a dramatic illustration of the importance of reliable information, perfect planning, logistical support systems, effective chains of command and swift responsiveness to changing situations.
 If humankind could mobilize and apply the same efficiency to the war on poverty and unemployment that it has exhibited in preparing for and waging military wars against each other, very soon there would be no more poverty or unemployment to fight.
 During the Second World War Ford Motors converted from manufacture of cars for the masses to making trucks and airplanes for the military, producing B-24 bombers at the rate of one per hour from a single production plant.
 If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.
 That requires human resourcefulness in organizational innovation.
 Organization is the means by which people work together cooperatively to achieve common goals and, in the process, to serve society in a wide range of functions.
 The achievement of food security and full employment depends on the establishment of new types of public and private organizations – commercial, financial, industrial, export, research, educational and training.

 of those organizations are the function of education, the education, the welfare, the health, and the welfare of the elderly, children and the disabled. The function of education and training is the development of the civil society. The functions of commercial education and training, industrial education and training, the research and export are the development of the society, and the development of the economy. For the development of the economy, the human capacity to organize and the capacity to produce goods, and the capacity to manage the
-
He was outside their little home in seconds, urinating on the grass.
 “Hadn’t pissed yet,” Harruq shouted to his brother.
 “You could be a bit kinder, you know.”
 “At least you’re awake,” Qurrah said back.
 “Now get to the castle.
 I may not approve, and I still don’t trust them, but for once we might have something worthwhile to eat.
 I won’t let a simple thing like sleep keep us from it.”
 * Chapter 2 Chapter 2{{{1 2
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

 andsssssssssss stars. It's a star in the sky.ssssss andsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss, sssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
-
I was drenched in sweat.
 My head throbbed.
 Something had happened to me.
 Fairy dust, Steed had said.
 Steed.
 Yes, he had shown up last night.
 Voices echoed through the open door.
 He was in the main room.
 Chevelle was there, too.
 My mouth tasted sour.

 I was the main room... I..... I....... I............. I., I.... I., I...., I..... I... were in the main. The main room.... was the main room.. was the main room... was the
-
Other kids were trickling over to the door, either from one of the other two buses, or from the smattering of cars in the parking lot.
 Before we'd even made it inside I'd realized just how much I stuck out.
 Shorts seemed to be the order of the day, knee-length khakis for the boys, and everything from mid-thigh on up for the girls.
 The only people in jeans seemed to be the debate-club types.
 Silently groaning at my fashion faux pas, I located a sign pointing towards the office, and slipped around a couple of jocks who paused in their manly mock boxing match just long enough to check out the new girl.
 I silently hoped they slipped and hit each other in the nose.
 I wandered down the white-walled corridor until I found another sign and turned left.
 There was a tall brunette already waiting, so I took a seat in one of the hard-plastic chairs.
 The other girl had shorts on just like everyone else, but hers were the shortest I'd seen yet.
 In Minnesota you could always pick out the alpha females by the length of their shorts, and this one seemed to think she was at the top of the food chain.

 around the room a little, and then in a plastic chair to my left, I walked over to the other girl with her sweater. I saw a white girl, wearing a white tshirt on the front, with a khaki sweater on the back,..., a tan, a tan, and the.... the.., the..., a tan, the tan, the.., and.
-
They seldom survived the rampages, but were nearly unstoppable when they fell into one.
 Rodregas breathed deeply, trying to lower his own anger and frustration.
 Jordaan stepped outside the room Rodregas had been staying in and into the small clearing that was the center of the Nymph Dwello, the tent like structure that they used for houses.
 “Gentleman, please,” said Jordaan.
 “You must have understood that this village took a great risk in taking you, and those you rescued, in.
 The only way Imeralda was able to get their support was to offer the bounty of the Immortal Guard’s equipment.” As if called from Jordaan’s words, Imeralda landed in the clearing, seemingly leaping from one of the nearby trees.
 She looked a bit out of breath, like she had sprinted at a run to the Dwello.
 She took a quick look at Doi’van and Rodregas and paled.
 Doi’van’s eyes were literally glowing red and he was tossing his horned head with his wild black hair flying.
 Imeralda had not seen him in such a mood before, not even during the battle with the slave caravan.

 ed her eyes over to the others’......Looking to see the smile that was starting to spread, Rodregas looked at the sight of Doivan’s face with a shocked expression.<eop> “Thank the Lord,” said Rodregas as he started to take a breath.<eop> “Sin’.....I know. I want to help with the Dwello, but that’s all I can do to save this man..
-
I felt the cold water seep through my clothes and onto my skin as Seth continued to soak me.
 “Crap Jason, shut it off!” Emily hollered but it didn’t work because I heard her yell again as he sprayed her hair.
 I couldn’t see anything because my eyes were half shut and I was afraid Seth would wash my eyes out.
 “Seth seriously, stop.” You can’t command boys to do anything and to prove that, Seth shot my butt.
 Eventually they stopped, only because three water guns can hold only so much water and Emily and me looked like we could kill.
 We were both completely soaked to the bone and even though in was the middle of summer, we were shivering.
 The boys looked completely satisfied with how we looked.
 After Emily and I gave them a look, they tore down the street and disappeared.
 Emily squeezed the bottom of her shirt, “I hate them so much right now.” Water gushed onto the street.
 I wrung my hair out.

 fuck freakin’ wrung my hair out. I fucking wrung my hair. I............... I........ I..... I...... wrung my hair. I.......... I...... tried to fucking wrung my hair out, and then I
-
He glanced up, on the verge of asking her why, since it was only his arms, not his back, that needed the lotion.
 Instead, he silently handed her the bottle.
 Marie squeezed some lotion into her hand.
 Starting at his wrist, she rubbed his arm, working her way up.
 When she reached the tan line where his sleeve began, her hands glided up to the red spot just below his neck.
 "You-you must not have put sunscreen here.
 It's really red."
 He gazed at her averted face as she rubbed lotion on his chest.
 He was sure she could feel the pounding of his heart when her hands strayed from the sunburnt spot.
 Swallowing, he said hoarsely, "You like touching me, don't you?"

 ... she rubbed it down, and down, up, and up. Finally, it went down to the very end of his armband. In one hand, she reached for the end of the bottle of oil -- and she squeezed it in her hand. Holding it in her hand, she moved the lotion over to the palm of her hand and put her palm on the bottle to rub it all all down. Holding it in her hand, Marie rubbed her hands all up.
-
Blodeuwedd smiled at him, a smile that answered nothing but claimed to answer everything.
 The two continued to walk through the tall grass.
 After a few minutes she spoke, “The Gods and Daemon Lords are allowed to choose champions, but are not allowed to speak directly to any mortal.
 For this moment you are enough in the Celestial Realm for me to ask you a question: I don’t understand why you have chosen that.” As she spoke she raised her slim perfect arm and pointed at his shadow.
 He lowered his great head and studied the dark shape.
 The great lion had to admit the shadow was odd, slimmer than his great bulk, strangely dark in the day and the shadow’s eyes seem to glow the bright yellow color of flame.
 He shook his great head and mane as if to free it from the strange shadow, and growled, “You are a Goddess; you can see all.” Blodeuwedd nodded, she forgot to walk for a moment, as if in deep thought, but still she kept up with the Great Lion stalking through the grassland.
 “I can see all in our realm, and all in the mortal realm that is seen by one of our followers.
 I cannot see into the Infernal or Elemental Realms, and I think you have entered both.
 I do not know what this means.” The two continued through the grass for a few moments in silence.

 looked at the great lion and watched him stalking through the grassland. I can see into the Kingdom of the Light, the Kingdom of Darkness, the Dark Lord, the Light, the Chaos. I can see the Light and Chaos. The Lights, and Chaos, are said to be three gods, Gods, Daemon Lords, Daemon Lords, the Light and Darkness. The Light, God, Darkness, there is the Light, the Dark Lord, Darkness. The Light
-
He didn’t last much longer did he?
 Jim – (shaking his head) No.
 At his baptism.
 Well I thought he was going through with it, he had me convinced.
 I thought he was for real and for true going to join that church.
 Art – That boy could make a fantastic actor one day.
 If he doesn’t wind up in prison.
 Or dead.
 Jim – I think God likes him.
 Which ever God is out there.

 – Jim – I think I love him. Jim – Jim – Jim ( Jim Jim Jim – Jim (shaks his head )) Jim – Jim Jim Jim – I love Jim – Jim – Jim, I love it.<eop> Jim  (shaks his head ) Jim – Jim – Jim Jim ( shaking his head) Jim – I love Jim – I love him. Jim – let him be
-
My ears heard nothing and I didn’t see any movement but my hands shook slightly as I typed, Nothing, I’m fine.
 I didn’t open his reply because I knew what it would say.
 I already knew that it was strangely quiet.
 Maybe I could stay home and sleep one night.
 Or maybe I could finish a painting tonight and watch Mom do origami.
 I turned the corner, and my house came into view.
 I started to climb the hill when I froze.
 Out of my left eye I saw the outline of a creature.
 It was heading through the woods in the direction of my house.
 I swore under my breath and took off for the woods.

 around and ran to the back of it. I knew I was running for the back corner of my house. It told me to run... In my mind, I could not run..... It told me to run for my house, but I didn’t have to run.................<eop> When I got back, I thought that I had to run, but I never told me to run for the
-
After buying Rick a baja, they bought a multi-colored blanket and a leather purse.
 Marie loved bargaining, but the only other thing she saw that she wanted was a little glass carousel that she managed to get from ten dollars down to five.
 "Can't we eat here somewhere, Rick?
 I'd like to try the food."
 "No, you wouldn't," he said as they approached customs.
 "The water down here is contaminated.
 Ever heard of Montezuma's Revenge?"
 "What?"
 "Montezuma's Revenge.
 The water makes you sick, and you spend a lot of time in the bathroom."

 """""""""" """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""".."""""""""""""""""""""
-
And mom, well she has the gardener, the pool boy, the mail-man, and any other strait male human being who is unfortunate to come across her path, and a few who don’t even get that close.
 Jim – Sounds like your mom is busy, and that would explain a few things.
 Liz – What would it explain?
 Jim – Nothing in particular…
 Liz – Don’t pull that crap on me again Jim, what does it explain?
 Jim – What crap?
 I’m not doing anything?
 Liz – Jim, you have to the count of three (Gets up and acts threatening) …one!
 Jim – Four Thousand and Six!
 Liz – Two!

 – Jim – One! Two! Jim – Two!. Jim – Two and two! Jim – One! Two! Jim – Two! Jim! Jim! Jim – Jim – Two! Jim! Jim. Jim – Three! Jim – Jim – Jim. Jim – Jim. Jim – Jim.<eop> Jim – Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim – Jim – Jim. Jim – Jim.
-
"I'm going to go make dinner while you amuse yourself."
 "Don't use the microwave without me!"
 After dinner they spent the evening watching TV.
 For Rick, it was almost like watching TV with a child: Marie had questions about everything.
 It was fun to watch the wonder on her face and the avid attention she gave the programs.
 "I'm afraid I'm going to have to go to bed, Marie.
 I'm worn out, and I have to get up early tomorrow," Rick told her when the movie ended at 11:30.
 "Oh."
 Tomorrow she had to get up early too.
 She had to get to the garden before the fog lifted.

 " " " "" " " " " "" " "" " " " " " " " "" " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "I arrived at the garden before dawn and began to see the fog once more." "I didn
-
The scolding actually hadn't been that bad, almost like disguised praise.
 Britney looked like she was hoping for something similar, but Mrs. Campbell's expression quickly dashed that idea.
 "You on the other hand definitely need to spend every night at the math lab.
 Your homework was incomplete, and of the problems you bothered to attempt, you didn't do a single one correctly.
 Britney, you're headed towards a failing grade, and while you might not care, your father most certainly does.
 Make my class a priority, or I'll stop in for a checkup and let slip just how poorly you're doing to dear old Dad, and then you'll find yourself riding the bus to school."
 It was a vicious threat, but one almost guaranteed to have an effect.
 Britney most definitely didn't want to be stuck riding the bus with all of the junior high kids and other assorted 'losers'.
 Her mouth opened and closed several times and then she nodded and fled the classroom.
 When I finally caught up with her she'd recovered enough to complain, but there was a breathless nature to her voice that told me she wouldn't be skipping the math lab for a little while.

 the other hand, I was too distracted to say, "".. " " " " "" " " " " "" " ". " ". I turned my attention to my teacher and said, "" " "" " " " " "" " "" " " " "" "" "
-
If I'd gone to school the next day after all the drama of learning about our mortgage problems I probably would have had a nervous breakdown.
 As it was, I was essentially worthless all weekend.
 I tried to warn Mom about the animals that'd mauled the kids from school, but she told me she was already aware of the incident and left before I could draw her into a discussion of what we should do about the bank.
 I saw her for maybe a total of three hours during the entire two days.
 Even I knew it was wasted effort.
 If Mom somehow beat the odds, it still wasn't going to result in the kind of money we'd need to save our house.
 Not in the next two or three weeks at least.
 It felt like my whole world had just disappeared down a drain.
 I didn't suffer any real panic attacks, but more or less spent both days in a kind of despondency that wasn't much better than a full-blown attack.
 By the time Monday morning arrived I had vague memories of doing homework and not much else.

 , I was in my middle school and I had a friend going to school, but it was the middle of the afternoon that I had a nervous breakdown. When I cried for the rest of the day, I quickly realized it was really.......... It had been a long time. I knew that I was not supposed to be going home, but I knew that the only thing that....... I was.......
-
His thumb stroked her cheek.
 "If you were going to be around for a while, I'd find someplace exciting to take you."
 She smiled then.
 "That's so thoughtful.
 But I suppose I won't have the opportunity, will I?"
 "Nope.
 You're going home tomorrow."
 That thought made him sad.
 "Listen, Marie, do me a favor when you get back."
 "What?"

 "" "" " " " " "" "" " "," "" " " "" "" "" "" "" " "" " """ " " " """ "" "I love you." "" " " " " " " "" "
-
I'd managed to alienate everyone from Alec's group, and now Brandon had tossed me aside like so much trash.
 It was too much.
 I collapsed onto all fours, hardly noticing the burning pain from my damaged palms, and let the racking sobs take over.
 I probably would've stayed there all night if not for the howling.
 It'd been going for several seconds before it pulled me back from the mental abyss I'd been so eagerly approaching.
 I looked around blankly for several more heartbeats before I finally managed to place the noise.
 Wolves.
 There weren't supposed to be any wolves in the area, but there wasn't any ignoring my ears.
 I numbly pulled myself back up, and began stumbling back towards the party, only to stop as another howl echoed down through the canyon.
 It was between me and everyone else.

 again, I steeled myself, and ran back towards the party, standing in front of me. I'd been trapped once again, and had to force myself to get back to the party.<eop><eod> Slowly, painfully, I pulled myself back towards the cliff. I was far from it, but suddenly I was back in the canyon again, against the sheer wall of the river of water. I began running down towards the cliff again, as the wall of the canyon slowly built up around me
-
She lay there for a few more minutes, but she was too restless to keep lying still, especially with no one to talk to.
 So at last she jumped up and ran into the waves.
 Rick woke up slowly with no idea of how long he'd been asleep.
 It had been an exhausting week, and he'd gotten less sleep than usual.
 Of course, he'd had much more fun than usual too, he thought with a lazy smile.
 He turned to see if Marie was asleep.
 She wasn't there!
 Springing to his feet, he looked around.
 The beach had become crowded while he was asleep, and he didn't see her anywhere.
 "Marie!"

 ... "Marie!".... "Marie!".... she's come up to me. Rick started to get up, and he saw her face..... he went to her................ she walked up to him. Right there, she was, smiling......... he froze.... He closed his eyes...
-
I told her I had a brief window of time and I needed to pick up some items for my wife at the store so that was the only place and the only way I could meet them.
 She agreed and said she would see me soon.
 After I hung up the phone, the officer called me on my personal cell phone, which I was answering from a headset in my ear.
 He offered some encouraging words about how I had handled her attempt to move me and said they would try to move me again because Steve was not going to want to meet me in this county because of his arrangement with the police here.
 We were only a mile from another county line so Officer White and his team felt he would try to get me to move that mile.
 I hung up and the wait began.
 I was all eyes and all ears as the silence in the truck made it too easy for my mind to wander.
 I wasn’t allowed any background noise.
 I was parked at the far end of the lot with the front end of my truck against a fence as I was instructed to do.
 I was impatiently waiting when I finally saw one of the scraggly dressed officers wandered by pushing a grocery basket full of bags looking like a homeless person.

 off on the front side into the back of the truck and then back onto the back side and into the back of the truck. Finally, I turned the back of my truck on a red light and he was sitting on top of the back of the truck. I was in the back half of the truck, and there I was surrounded by tangents and a few police officers trying to move me to one side and the back of the truck. The next move was a diaper for my wife
-
The subtle tinkling of the tiny waterfall behind us was suddenly joined by a slight, but definitely cooling breeze that dove down into the grotto before making its way back out using the path we'd just followed in.
 It didn't seem fair for things to cool off now when it was so inconvenient after so many weeks of oppressive heat.
 I was still musing over the injustice of it all when Alec shifted me around so I was held in just one arm.
 "There's something I'd like you to have.
 Something I hope will help you remember what you mean to me..." He trailed off, and then seemingly at a loss for words, reached out and lifted the black velvet that'd been covering the painting.
 Another graceful gesture flipped on the set of soft lights surrounding its border.
 As always with Alec's paintings, it took me a second before I could shift my perspective enough to translate the beautiful formations of light into something I could tie to the drab, dreary world I inhabited.
 It was the same grotto where we now stood.
 The warm glow from the climbing ivory and roses formed a backdrop awash in the silvery light of a full moon.
 Just visible off to one side was the pool, alive with enough microscopic life to give it a pale glow of its own to compliment the off-center reflection of a hundred tiny lights.

 was a faint glow from the pool in the center of the soft light, and light from the faint glow of the ivory and back of the pool rose up from the center. There was faint light from the same pool in the center of the grotto, and in the center was a ivory and rose. The light from the center of the ivory and roses decided to travel to the back of the rose. There, the light from the back of the rose and the faint glow of the soft
-
Well, one thing she wasn’t going to do was give up, she determined as she played with the hem of her dress.
 She’d strolled through her garden countless times without walking into 2011, so who knew how many times she’d have to walk in the garden to get back to 1927?
 She wasn’t going to give up.
 Rick, still concerned about Marie, left work at 4:30, making a quick stop to pick up a surprise for her.
 To his dismay, he found her huddled in a corner of the sofa, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 “Hi, sweetheart,” he greeted her, going to sit beside her.
 “Are you feeling better?” “I’m all right.” “I brought you something.”  He handed her a plastic bag.
 She took it and reached inside.
 “Wow!” she exclaimed as she withdrew the 16-ounce Hershey bar.
 “I’ve never seen a chocolate bar this big.” “Me either.

 amazing.” Marie grimaced, as she smiled at him. “It’s delicious.” Rick chuckled, coming in closer to her, and watching her reaction, he reached up through the top of her plastic bag, and handed her back the chocolate bars. “I swear..... I’ never seen a chocolate bar this big.....” Marie nodded, taking the bars. Rick went on to get her home, and left her at the house with her
-
Chapter Twelve Unexpected Company
 My dreams were wicked that night, all venom and wolves, snakes and beasts, death and fire.
 I woke in my bed, light filtering in through the window.
 The door was open a crack and I could see Chevelle sitting in the front room.
 I was hesitant to face him.
 I lay there, running back through the events of the night, the stories.
 Embarrassment flooded me again and I turned my head to bury it in the blankets, but something strange on the side table caught my attention.
 I picked it up to examine.
 A small bird, carved of stone.
 A hawk.

 eagle. It was a bird. But it was a little bird.<eop> I reached out to it at the edge of the bed. It grabbed my hand to take it in, and then flew away. So I picked it up and scooped it up on the table. Then, to get closer to the other bird in the same room, I also opened the door. I placed it on the edge of the table. I turned the knob to look at the door. It was locked again.
-
Sure it would have been great for them to get their better quality armor, but they were only alive because of her.
 She was the one who had to come back and shoot the final guards.
 She was the one who had to come back.
 She shot the final guards with the Black Yew bows.
 She was no warrior but had gone back with only a few arrows and rescued them.
 She had patched them up, rounded up the rescued slaves and sought a refuge.
 “Are you insane?” she asked them in a voice that was as cold as her anger.
 Imeralda, her voice dripping scorn, added, “It was only because one of the slaves had family at the local village that we were able to find this refuge.
 Then, no matter how valiant the efforts of healer Durien, he barely kept you two from death’s door.” “So what did I do?” she asked them.
 “I nearly ran myself to exhaustion fetching Jordaan to heal you.

 mean if you can’t heal, why did you come to come here?” asked Jordada. “It was just because I thought I could help you two sort out the mess that you have. “<eop> “So said Imeralda. “.............. I found the remains of these slaves. Three, four women, children and a single pair of men. And not one of them had an armor, but a pair of
-
"Are you kidding?
 She’d think I’d lost my mind.
 I'll just tell her that you're my girlfriend."
 She smiled, but all at once her smile dissolved into an uncomfortable blush.
 "Rick," she began hesitantly, "will you have to tell her that-that I'm living with you?"
 "No."
 He raised her knuckles to his lips.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart—I never considered that living here with me might make you uncomfortable."
 "It doesn't.
 I feel as safe with you as I do in my own home.

 me," she said softly, and he squeezed her hand. "It doesn't make that way. " ""No."<eop> "No." "No." "<eop> "Rick," she said hoarsely, "No. I don't." "No, I don't want any of you. I want you, don don't you?" "I don't even want you.
-
A flex of his muscles cracked bone, and the sword fell from a limp hand.
 Harruq let him go, bellowed at the first elf, and then hurled both his blades.
 They turned end over end through the air, one missing, one not.
 The one that missed sailed until it hit ground and bounced.
 The hilt of the one that did not smacked him hard in the forehead.
 The elf staggered back, swiping at Harruq as the half-orc charged.
 A thin line of blood appeared on the half-orc’s forehead, but he was oblivious to it.
 His hands were around his enemy’s throat and his strength at its greatest.
 The crunching flesh underneath his fingers was all that mattered.
 The elf behind him retrieved his sword and attacked, his right arm hanging useless, his left stabbing desperately.

 punched the elf in the shoulder and dashed to the ground with Harruq’s sword. The other ran back to the ground with the sword. The sword and the blade.<eop> The first elf staggered back to retrieve the sword. It then began to swing. Again the hilt of the elf struck his forehead. It bounced again, and the other half-orc charged him with his sword. The hilt of the half-orc smashed into the sword.
-
I was lost within seconds, before we'd made more than four or five turns.
 "No wonder Alec laughed when I threatened to try and follow him.
 I'd starve to death before anyone found me."
 Donovan's laugh was surprisingly relaxed.
 I'd only ever seen him with a serious, if respectful expression.
 Even Rachel's frequent teasing hadn't ever managed to crack his 'working face'.
 "I hardly think that would be the case.
 While you may very well have lost your way, it would have been a small matter for one of the others to track you down.
 You have, if I may say so, a very distinctive smell.
 It reminds me of a type of sage brush that hasn't grown here in quite some time."

 , a sweep of his chin, and smiled. "I've got a number of memories of it, when we're in the woods... "" "." " "." "" "." ""." "" ""." """ "" "..." ""..." "..." "".
-
If for no other reason, then for that."
 I took a careful step forward and placed a hand on his arm.
 He absently let the huge flower pot drop, but didn't step away from me.
 "That isn't why you did it though.
 Is it?"
 Alec finally shook his head.
 "No, I just did it for you.
 Maybe not so much at first, but I couldn't get you out of my mind.
 You were everywhere I looked.
 In my class, at lunch, even in my dreams.

 even when I was just a little kid. I could see you everywhere. And it wasn't just for me, was Alec? No, I think it was all for you." He leaned over to make sure it was full of the flower pot, he was about half full of half of it, and he had no words to say goodbye to me after that.<eop> "Oh, where was Alec?" I asked. "He shook his head. "I know you
-
It’s all sex, right?
 And now I felt like part of the brotherhood.
 I wanted to write more songs—that’s the best part—I wanted to create.
 And I wanted more orgasms.
 (laughs) That was freshman year—Debbie, she was freshman year.
 And my gigs with my new band.
 Man, everything was happening.
 I started to lose myself when I played, you know, and it was kind of frightening, where I’d go when I played.
 I wasn’t even aware of Skippy and Crafty, except as background thunder, a wall I was bouncing off of.
 And, like sex, I was gone, man.

 I was, all the other time, when I played. I wanted to sing. I wanted songs. I wanted to dance. I wanted to make music to people. I was dancing. I wanted to dance. I wanted to sing to people as I played. I wanted to play my songs. I wanted to sing to my friends. And after orgasms, I wanted to dance.................... I wanted to
-
“Jazell, Emily and Jason!” Crystalla beamed.
 “I’m so happy you can finally join us!” Crystalla was dressed in a hunting jacket with a dark blue top underneath.
 She had dark green pants with simple brown boots.
 A gleaming sword was slung on her back.
 My heart ached because she somewhat resembled Seth.
 Man, I missed his stubbornness.
 “Yup we’re happy too,” Emily said with a sigh.
 “So, um, what did you need?” I asked.
 She nodded.
 “Right, you must meet your destiny.

 , Seth and Emily came out to talk to me. Jason, Crystalla and Seth were just so happy...... they wanted to tell me that it was time to meet my destiny...... Crystalla, Jason, Seth, Seth, Emily, Jason, Emily, Crystalla and Jason.......... I was so happy to meet them. I wouldn’t be happy with anyone..... I just wanted to
-
My body was meant to live in a place that has more magic than our world does, but the lines are chaotic.
 It is hard to sleep on a wild line.
 It is going to be hard to stay here for long.” Doi’van’s deep voice had the tone of making a simple observation, not conversation.
 Rodregas nodded; he had been waiting for the comment, but he had thought it would be Imeralda who brought it up.
 “True,” he said, “unless you have a way of smoothing it out.” Rodregas waited for a few seconds as the three approached the main farmhouse building.
 The walls were of thick cut stone and it was built on an impressive scale for a farmhouse, though worn-looking.
 Of course, there were no signs of a roof, doors or windows.
 As they entered the yard, the feeling of the hair standing up on their bodies settled down and instead a feeling of fullness replaced it.
 The horses had been acting up and Rodregas hoped that with the energy smoothing out, the horses would stop fighting their lines.
 Though in truth the horses seemed to be getting more agitated.

 them, I’van made a turn, and after a short pause, the horse made a sharp turn into the yard and Rodregas had suddenly realized that he was fighting them. In front of him, they were meant to be fighting on a different line, but it was a good one. Even so he was able to see that he was fighting them, and that the horse knew him. Though Rodregas was shocked at the thought, though the horses still seemed calm. “They were
-
His hands lunged forward, the floodgates opened, and all his power came rushing forth.
 A wall of black magic rolled like a tidal wave conjured from his fingertips.
 The elven brothers tumbled through and vanished.
 Felewen leapt back when she saw the attack coming.
 She rolled behind a house and tucked her head.
 The wave continued down the street, straight for Aurelia.
 “I do not fear you,” she hissed through clenched teeth.
 A wall of water swirled about her, flowing from the otherwise dry dirt street.
 She sent it forward, just as tall and high as Velixar’s.
 The two met in a thunderous roar, intermixing in a maelstrom of darkness, water, and air.

 ......... the dragon,................. the beast swooped down and........ The beast followed with a roar. She slew the beast and fled the scene. She jumped out on the street..... tethered to the roof................
-
"Sweetheart, I'm sorry.
 Please come out."
 Marie zipped and buttoned her shorts and looked at her hair in the mirror.
 Part of her wanted to stay mad at him, but she didn't want to waste a Sunday fighting.
 Tucking her hair behind her ear, she opened the door.
 Rick snatched her up, hugging her fiercely.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
 "Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."

 ...""...""...""."."...""..."""..."..."""""..""" '.""..."."""""..."""..."".."""."."""..". He held her so tightly. He kissed her softly. He
-
You know I don't trust boys who drive sports cars.
 Especially not the really cute ones who have a way of making every female in sight go all gooey on the inside."
 She slid the window shut with a sigh, rather than screaming in shock, so Alec wasn't lying on the ground with a pair of broken legs.
 Apparently Brandon's charms were enough to make Mom forget herself while he was around, but not so great as to keep her from worrying when he wasn't.
 I shrugged uncomfortably.
 "He's not my boyfriend, Mom.
 I mean he wasn't really ever my boyfriend, but even less so now."
 Mom looked away from the skyline, a new batch of concern painted across her features.
 "I'm so sorry, dear.
 I didn't particularly approve of him, but I wasn't going to get really vocal about it.

 't a guy I liked, I knew, and I didn't like. He wasn't my boyfriend, Mom. And I wasn't really a fan of my boyfriend, either. I mean he's not a guy that I didn't like and I didn't care about. And he wasn't my boyfriend." I sighed. "But Mom, I'm really a fan of my boyfriend. I knew about it. But I couldn't help
-
“How about, ‘ there’s no need for guns,’” the officer countered.
 This was an unexpected instruction and a situation I hadn’t realistically contemplated.
 I was all wired up and the officer flattened his hand out and tapped on my truck’s windowsill to illustrate how low they wanted me.
 “You get here in the crossfire.” He bent me down behind my drivers’ side door.
 “You stay here.
 No moving around.” He told me that in the case of a weapon, they would come in from both sides of the truck with their guns drawn.
 The shooting officers would be on the driver’s side firing over my head.
 (How comforting).
 What had I gotten myself into?
 I didn’t want brains splattered all over my truck, especially if they were mine!

 back down on my seat, I looked the officer over the top of my head. “You know, if she’s fine, I’m fine, she isn’t going to die and I’m not going to be part of the mess, I need to get up and get out of my truck.....”... When I was finished, the officer squeezed my shoulder and told me to get my truck.<eop> I was out of my truck. He
-
The door opened, and her father stared at her in shock.
 Her mother, however, jumped out of bed with a cry of joy and threw her arms around Marie.
 "Marie!
 You're all right!
 I can't believe you're all right!"
 Mr. Tranton at last recovered and wrapped his arms around both women, laying his cheek against his daughter's hair.
 He'd thought he'd been in control of his world until Marie had disappeared.
 He would have given that world to have her back.
 Marie pulled back a bit when she heard her father sniff.
 "Father, I've never seen you cry!"

 in a panic. She flung open the door of her bedroom and began to throw her arms around her father. She jumped out of her bed and ran back to her mother. "I can't help it. I can have her back. Marie, I'll have you back, Daddy, I'll have you." hugged her mother and then threw her arms around her father and then threw her arms around him until her father collapsed. Marie woke up in the next room
-
CM:  	Who do you listen to?
 BG:  	Man, I’m not in with anyone who is in.
 I know that sounds funny to you, but I just don’t listen to anything you would know, man, or that your readers are gonna know.
 Or expect I would listen to.
 Old Beatles, Old Stones…no, I don’t know.
 I been listening to this guy plays the pan flute.
 I can’t remember his name.
 There’s this group out here, West Coast Pop Art Group or something like that.
 No one’s ever heard of them.
 No one listens to them except the few hundred souls who go to their shows, but their stuff intrigues me.

 , I want to hear what I listen to, man, but I know I would like you to...’ dont.. don’t tts... don’t ts.’ don’tt ts.’ don’tt s... tst... don’t sss... don’t sss.’’ don’t ssss.
-
If we weren't, I'd want to run out to one of those buffets."
 "If you're around long enough, I'll take you to one."
 He froze, afraid his remark would make her start worrying again.
 But her attention was completely on her chowder.
 Relaxing again, he asked casually, "What do you do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends."
 She dabbed at her lips with her napkin.
 "If you do what you're supposed to do, garden parties and radio and reading and long walks and gossip are the extent of it.
 But if you have a male cousin under your thumb, you go to speakeasies and dance and drink cocktails and meet interesting people."
 "I believe you mentioned last night that you fall into the second category."

 I want to", she said, as well as """ ", to "" " and to "" " to "<unk>". I want to go to """ " and to "" " and "" " and to "<unk>" to <unk>" and to "<unk>" (<unk>), <unk>" to "<unk>" to "<unk>".<eop> Well, the
-
The elves were vicious in this time, slaying any who dared come near their forests.
 But some elves did side with Karak, determined to help end the war so the world could heal.”
 “Did Celestia not interfere?” Qurrah asked.
 In the darkness, Qurrah watched as Velixar’s face curled into a deep snarl.
 “Celestia befriended both brothers, but she took Ashhur to be her lover.
 She begged each to stop, though neither listened.
 It was a dark time, Qurrah.
 All squabbles and wars since are a pittance compared.
 Ashhur’s great city of Mordeina nearly toppled to my hand, but then the priests of Ashhur brought the dead to life to fight against us.
 Yes, Qurrah, it was the priests of Ashhur, not Karak, who first created the undead.

 of Ashhur, Karak, Karak, and Karak god of war created the undead. But the priests of Ashhur, they created us. They created the undead to kill and devour us. And they created the undead to fight against us. They created the undead, and we died to fight against them. Then they came across the god of the undead, and they made the undead alive. But the priests of Ashhur, Karak,, and Kara
-
I thumbed the keypad and opened the message Seth had sent me.
 It read: Whatcha Doing?
 I flipped open the pad and wrote: Walking home.
 I shoved it back in my pocket and continued walking.
 The sun was almost gone and shadows were starting to appear behind everything.
 I looked at my own shadow, that danced behind me.
 The phone buzzed again as Seth sent me a reply.
 See anything?
 Do you want me to meet you?
 I glanced at the nearby woods.

 I was, a girl, a little girl girl, a girl girl, a girl, a little girl girl. I was beautiful. Seth wanted me to sit down with him. I thought I was a man, I was not just a man, I was a girl, a woman, a girl. The sun was beautiful, and I wanted you to sit down with me. I looked at my own shadow. I was not just a bunch of people, but a man, a woman, a
-
Maybe he'd go back to normal after a few days.
 There really wasn't any way to know though.
 I didn't even know what'd brought on the sudden change.
 Was he really just angry I'd overheard Jasmin threaten Lucy?
 Why did I even care?
 Spanish dragged by at a snail's pace, but somehow before I knew it, I was walking with Britney towards the tutor lab.
 I should have been surprised when we rounded a corner to find Brandon casually leaning against the wall, obviously waiting for us, for me.
 "You still okay to go home with Brit today?"
 He acted like it was all my choice.
 It gave me goose bumps.

 ....... I don't care if I have to go home""""""""""..""""....... I'm okay to go home....."""""..""..""......."" The messages on my computer, my cell phone, and the text on my phone, and so on...""
-
The elves…‌they sent you to attack me, didn’t they?
 Whatever they paid you, I can double it.
 Triple it!”
 Qurrah shook his head.
 “No elf hired us, and no gold was put in our pockets.”
 The flaming whip appeared, charring grass as it touched the ground.
 “Then what do you want with me?” the man shrieked.
 “You’ll see,” Harruq whispered into his ear before backing away.
 The eyes of the nobleman grew wider, and panic gripped him entirely.
 “No, no you can’t.

 ... no, no, no.... no you can.... no you can’t..., can’t you? I.... I love you..... I want you.... you want me for you... no.... you have to.... you have to tell me.... I... I... I.... the elves...
-
Based on the way the cheerleader types by the garage were watching him, it was working.
 I much preferred Brandon's jeans and tee shirt, tight as it was, over the shorts and shirtless look, but apparently I was in the minority.
 I almost hyperventilated when Vincent casually walked out of the house with a pair of beer kegs and tied them down in the bed of his pickup.
 His house was more on the fringes of town, but it was still in town.
 What if his parents came home and saw them?
 For that matter, where had he been hiding them?
 It wasn't even remotely possible that all of the people who were going to be at the party were old enough to drink without getting arrested.
 Brandon looked at my white knuckles and laughed.
 "Don't worry, nobody's going to make you drink, and we've never been busted by the cops.
 We'll have you safely back home sometime early tomorrow morning, and your mom will never have the slightest idea you went to such a wild gathering."

 my shoulder, and put a hand on my knuckles.<eop> "Thanks. "..." I said.<eop> "Yeah, I started to get a msick."<eop> Yeah. Yes, I was having the right combination of my pink knuckles and white knuckles.<eop> "Mmm..." "<eop> "<eop> " "" "<eop> ""<eop> "Mmm..
-
I didn’t care.
 Plus I was high half the time, all the time.
 People giving me poppers to take I didn’t even know what it was.
 I didn’t give a shit about anything.
 Just show me the way to the next whiskey bar, you know?
 Just show me the way to the next little girl.
 Now, with Lorelei, with what I’m saying now, it’s more personal, it’s what I care about.
 I’m hurt.
 Yes.
 CM:  	You say you can’t listen to the old Black Lung stuff…

 .... That’s exactly right, I’m......... I....... I............. I’m.......... I..... I don’t give a shit. I’m still hurt. I’m... I’m.......
-
The half-orc shrugged, for some reason embarrassed.
 “I don’t know.
 I just hack it off with a sword if it ever gets to be a bother.
 Been awhile, though.”
 “It shows.” The elf motioned to the grass before her.
 “Sit, and tell me another of your wonderful stories while I make you look less like an animal.”
 Harruq grumbled, but when she frowned and crossed her arms the normal defiance in him melted away.
 He plopped down and sighed.
 “Something must be wrong with me,” he said.
 “Shut up and start telling me more about yourself.”

 .”<eop> “..”<eop> “..”<eop> “.....”<eop> “..”<eop> “.....”<eop> “...”<eop> “.. “<eop> “..<eop> “..”<eop> “...”<eop> “That’s right, it is....”<eop> “”....”<eop> “...”<eop> “”...”<eop> “...”
-
Greg: hi
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: nice day
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s a shame, what do you do?
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Wait a minute… haven’t we met before?

 a dangerous, professional exciting, rodeo clown?<eop> Cindy: I can’t remember who I am??????????????????????? Greg:?????????????????????????????????????????????????????
-
It was a Council marking and something else.
 I dug out the first pages from under my mattress and examined them closer.
 The pages directly from the record-keeper’s report all included the same Council mark plus a string of characters.
 Trying to decode them, I realized one of the symbols might simply be a page number.
 And the others, they were probably locators.
 I felt like a fool.
 They were just like the codes used in the library, only more elaborate.
 No one really used the ciphers, you didn’t need them with magic, but they had been added to many of the pages when the fairies had started tracking clan histories.
 I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
 My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.

 my knees, I picked up the ciphers again, and once again, it was to find the Council’s library. I had made it to the library of the village. Now, the next important thing would be to find a list of the clans. The ones I had found from the record-keeper’s report were the northern clans. Of course, the first thing I did was to find it. Next, was to get the names of the northern clans in
-
I could think of no one at home who had worn black; I envisioned the dainty blond elves dancing around in dark leather and giggled.
 I glanced up to find Chevelle, wearing an unfathomable expression.
 I hurried to finish lacing the boots, throwing the cloak around my shoulders as he left more rations and went to ready the horses.
 I stretched out on the ground to eat, examining the carved medallion clasped to my boot.
 Chevelle stepped away again, disappearing behind the rocks that had become more jagged and taller along our way.
 When he returned, the sight of him stole my breath.
 His worn traveling clothes were gone, exchanged for dark gray and black, a leather vest covering his shirt, the laces loose at his chest.
 A long, dark cloak was clasped at his shoulders, the material thick and coarse, so unlike the soft robes the rest of council wore.
 I knew I was gaping at him, but there was something so strange about it.
 He caught my eye and I let my gaze fall to his sword belt, struggling to gather my composure.

 took the sword in front of him, and met his eyes. He raised his hand up to shake the sword and then dropped the dagger leaving it in the ground beside him, next to me. I lifted my head up and shook the sword while he continued looking at me. When I didn't look back at the stone, I slowly brought my head down, seeing him standing next to the stone again, walking toward me. He gestured for me to look and let him take back the dagger.
-
Dom's words were timely.
 Before hearing them I would've watched Alec's near-stillness with unconcern, but now, seeing the way Jasmin and Isaac split their attention between Alec and the wolves they'd just pulled off of him, I could nearly see the effort he was exerting to shove aside the instincts demanding the death of the wolves who'd marked him, who'd questioned his supremacy.
 With a shudder, he relaxed again, and Jessica approached, dropping to her stomach to crawl the last little ways, and then rolling onto her back.
 James dropped down on all fours, grounding the wicked-looking claws tipping his hands, and then it seemed all was forgiven.
 My suspicions were confirmed when Dom sighed with relief.
 It hadn't just been my imagination.
 Alec's will had been sufficient to the task, but its victory hadn't been assured.
 It was a terrible risk to run, one that apparently put a big fat target on his chest for anyone in the pack who wasn't happy with how things were currently running, but Alec ran it regardless.
 He ran it again and again because doing so gave his pack a slight chance of survival, and he couldn't deny them that chance, not when there was something he could do to put it within their reach.
 That wasn't the kind of person who'd take advantage of my human weakness to seduce me.

 have a lot of strength, and they'd come to me for help, and I just wanted to share it with them. That was the way they liked it. I rolled my eyes, but I could clearly see his eyes as he chuckled to himself, and pleased with the situation.<eop> He turned around to face me again, but Jessica was right next to him, and he came a little closer, and licked the bark off on the first bite of it. I knew there was something wrong
-
She gave me a dazzling smile.
 “I'm always prepared.” “This is just great,” Seth shouted.
 “We better find some shelter because the rest of us are getting soaked to the bone.” “I'll take the lead,” I said and ran in front of him.
 “You'll lead us into a dragon's cave if you take the lead.” Seth rolled his eyes again.
 “Fine!” I walked through the trees and took a right.
 The trees parted and the trees ended.
 Right ahead of me was a cave.
 “Found a cave, that wasn't too hard Seth,” I said.
 “Right,” he said.
 “So what are we waiting for?

 found a cave,” Seth turned to me and looked up and back in my direction. “Yeah, well I did,” I said. “So you’ve found a cave, you don’t have to...You’re going to find a cave? Well, I...you’ll find a cave.” I said. “I saw a cave in the tree but the cave was in the trunk of the tree. I ran up and around it and got to the
-
It’s all alright.
 I got no axes to grind.
 It’ll all be clear in the end.
 You’ll see.
 It’s part of a larger thing, you know?
 Part of a grander scale, if you will.
 I’m writing like a madman, now, it’s all good, it’s gonna come out alright.
 CM: 	Uh, let’s see.
 When you write do you just sit down with the guitar?
 Or do the lyrics come first?

 : -Uh,....-M: Okay. Okay,,,.......,,,..........,.....,..... Okay, so......... Okay,... Do you write lyrics that just don’t come first?....
-
She both wanted to run fast and far and she wanted to try to free the Nymphs.
 Simply stated, she was scared.
 She was young, barely more than a girl, and not a trained warrior.
 She was also much more fragile than either Doi’van or Rodregas; a blow that would only stun the two of them would shatter her.
 Her incredible magic power would do her little good in a stand up battle.
 For all of that she gave a nod; she was willing to follow his lead.
 If he wanted to attack, she would follow them.
 How could someone so young and inexperienced be so brave?
 How could he not honor such bravery?
 Rodregas looked into Imeralda’s eyes.

 ................. Imeralda........... her....... her.... he wanted to protect her. He wanted her to save his life. He was trying to protect her. She was not trying to protect him. She trusted him; she needed him to defend her........ he was trying to protect her..
-
“None are more deserving,” Qurrah said, putting an arm on his brother’s shoulder.
 “There is one, and it is you, Qurrah,” Velixar said.
 He pulled out one item more before closing the chest and shrinking it back to its original size.
 In his hand remained a long black whip that curled about as if alive.
 “Weapons may not be your preference, but I trust you will find some use for this.”
 As both brothers watched, the whip burst into flame.
 Velixar cracked it once to the grass, instantly charring the green earth into ash.
 “Why?” Qurrah asked.
 “Magic is not your greatest weapon, my disciple.
 Fear and pain are, and this whip is capable of producing both.”

 ar put his hand on the brother’s chest. “You must, then, take this whip and crack it. Put it down on the ash ground, and the ash burns, and the ash covers the rest of the ground. Now lift it up, the fire surrounds it, and the fire burns through the rest of the earth. Now put it on the rest of the ground, and....... Velixar.......
-
“That is the way,” Qurrah said.
 “It will be the only gated home.”
 “I already see it,” Harruq said.
 He pointed at a sizable mansion towering above the smaller nearby homes.
 The two brothers hurried into the space between the fence and the surrounding buildings.
 “It seems our friend has some prominence,” Qurrah said.
 Harruq nodded in agreement.
 The two-story mansion was beautifully painted and decorated.
 The sides of the building were a deep brown, like the trunk of an ancient tree.
 The roof jutted out far past the walls.

 of chandeliers peeked out of the windows. The front porch was large and covered in a multi-colored carpet. They looked out of the porch. Part of the porch was bathed in golden blossoms. There was a patch of grass on the edge of it. There was a long hedge around the porch, covered in white trim. There was a blanket of white lawns in front of the house, with the porch in view.<eop> The brothers looked out at the light on the porch
-
As we sped past the strawberry fields of Santa Maria, he said, “You know what they say about there’s no free lunch?” “Yeah.” “Suppose they’re right.
 Then who’s going to pay for the banquet, for all this freedom?”
 A Big Change
 Though I continued to long for Karen Flagstad, I began to roam.
 For some months after meeting Gloria at the San Onofre campground, I frequently drove to South Gate, just south of L.A., a hundred miles each way, to feast on her grandmother’s cooking, get scrutinized by her dad and brothers, take her to drive-in movies and smooch until her midnight curfew, then race home so fast the sleepy cops along Highway 101 failed to notice the blur as I passed.
 But Mexican dads like hers expect their girls’ novios to marry or que se vayan a la fregada.
 Meaning scram.
 And after the second time I chose North Beach over her company, Gloria informed me her former boyfriend had returned on leave from the Marines.
 We shouted at each other long-distance and parted.
 Eric still didn’t have a girlfriend.

 didn’t want to be my girlfriend. I still didn’t want to be a girlfriend. I’d still screwed up. I still wanted a girlfriend. I still needed a boyfriend. I still felt, but... wasn’t my fault. I wanted to be, but.... I want to have..... I want to be.... I want to have more....<eop><eod> I’ve got to start out my new
-
The sunset wasn't what captured my interest though, it was the greenery.
 Mom's room looked out to the west, the gorgeous side that reminded me of the place and people that would always be home.
 Mom carting me off to the middle of nowhere wasn't going to change that.
 There was a huge tree on the far edge of the yard.
 It was a species I didn't recognize, but it still called to me.
 For a second I could almost hear a familiar voice whispering in my ear.
 "Come on, Adri.
 Cindi's already climbed up to the second set of branches.
 You can do it, but you don't have to do it all by yourself, let me help you."
 My vision was growing blurry.

 to stop her. But I was going to get away from the forest.<eop> "............."""..""".."".." I had to run. But I did, because I knew she wouldn't give me the chance again.<eop> I saw stars in the distance, the trees in the distance, the moon in the sky "That's right. It's the forest.
-
“Your brother is dead,” one elf said.
 “Gaelwren waited for your departure.
 He will not find it difficult killing a wounded dog.”
 The anger inside Harruq consumed him entirely.
 He charged the elf, abandoning any hint of precaution.
 He slammed his blades down with all his might.
 The elf blocked once, twice, then three times, wincing each time he did.
 Then the other elf was behind Harruq, stabbing at his back.
 While mad with rage, Harruq still knew very well where his opponents were.
 He spun, avoiding the thrust, and then trapped his assailant’s arm with his elbow.

 the elf with his sword, Harruq charged the other elf again with his sword. He spun to grab the other of the assailant’s arm, then grab one of his assailant’s arm, and then he turned to grab one of the attacker’s arm in the chest. Luckily, the other elf who was fighting was holding Harruq’s hand.<eop> He then trapped the attacker’s arm with his elbow, and he then grabbed his opponent’s arm
-
Ask Lorelei.
 LE:  	Art is good, simple, pure.
 Like Rain and Other Distractions.
 BG:  	Thank you, sweet.
 LE: 	That’s what you’ve been saying.
 Some people listen.
 Others don’t.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM:  	Or “Train Tracks and Junk Tracks.”
 BG:  	Well, yeah, ok.  That’s actually a re-working of an old Skip James song, but, yeah, I was talking about junk, about some of those we’ve lost.

 MG, the., oh, the...” Oh, yeah, the the..” CM: Oh: MG, the.....” M: Right. LE: MG: Well, I can see that the song is... “ Oh, yeah, oh, the....” CM: Oh: Well, I didn’t mean to..M: Oh, MG...” LE:
-
But she did, and it made her laugh all the more.
 * Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 7
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 “It is time I met your brother,” Velixar said as the clouds rolled above, obscuring the waning moon.
 He had trained with Qurrah for almost two months, and over that time the half-orc had grown greatly in power.
 “King Vaelor’s nightmares have never been stronger, and he will act upon them soon.”
 “I am not sure Harruq is ready,” Qurrah said.
 “It is difficult enough bringing me here.
 The two of us sneaking out each night might be noticed.”

 ar smiled at him a little. “What is your brother wearing?”<eop> ""The d- "."<eop> Velixar picked up a pebble from the bottom of the ditch. “And that’s it, the shard in the d.”<eop> “The shard in the d...<eop> "Yes, my dear.”<eop> "- "<eop> “The the shard in the
-
The ratio of growth of foodgrain production to population growth has entered into a period of decline over the past decade – increasing at just one per cent per year compared to three per cent during the previous two decades.
 There is a similar trend for other staple crops and meat.
 For fish, there has actually been a net decline of seven per cent in per capita world production.
 To a large extent, this slowdown is the result of slower growth in demand, especially in industrial countries, under lining the fact that food security is predominantly an economic problem rather than a technological one.
 But the decline in the growth of global agricultural productivity over the past decade is also attributable to a variety of political, economic and environmental factors.
 Political priority
 After the Second World War, developing countries that had suffered from recurring famine in early periods struggled to increase food production as an urgent national priority to keep up with surging population growth and spiralling demand for food.
 India’s Green Revolution was spurred by the imminent threat of severe famine in the mid-1960s.
 China was compelled to produce more food by the loss of perhaps as many as 30 or 40 million lives to famine in the late 1950s.
 But the very motive which stimulated these achievements moderated them as well.

 rise of the 1970s, and, and, led to the boom in cereal production in the 1980s and the rise of the early 1970s. And, the rise of the 1970s and, and the rise in the 1990s.<eop> The 1970s, the 1980s, the rise of the 1990s, and the rise of the 1990s, the early 2000s, the rise of the 2000s, and so on. There was a boom in cereal production in the 1980s.
-
BG:  	Big.
 Blues fakers.
 Great blues fakers.
 Camp followers
 CM: 	Dylan.
 BG:  	God.
 CM:  	Joni Mitchell.
 BG:  	Naked butt.
 Great lyrics.
 Billion year old carbon.

 ....................................................:::......::::::::::::::::.....:::....:::....::::
-
“Their nightmares are crying out to me.
 You have prepared them, haven’t you master?”
 The man in black nodded.
 “They know death is coming.
 So go.”
 Qurrah bowed once more and then began walking west.
 Harruq followed.
 As the two left his sight Velixar broke out in hysterical laughter.
 “Yes, I do believe the time has come,” the man said to his master.
 “Celestia has faltered greatly to let them fall into our hands.” He paused, listening to the soft whisper of Karak in his mind.

 saw him. He was standing at the door. Qurrah went up to the door to greet him. Then he lowered his head to the door and closed the door and opened the door to the hall. He heard the voice of the man next to him and that was that the man in black stood next to him. It was obvious that someone was standing at the door. Qurrah stepped away from the door. Harruq followed him and lowered his head to the door. He looked to the
-
In the preceding chapters we have tried to draw attention to the uncommon opportunities that the world presents at the dawn of a new millennium for the abolition of war and the eradication of poverty.
 None will question the desirability of achieving peace, democratic freedoms and prosperity for all.
 But many may doubt the practical feasibility of accomplishing these necessary goals.
 Every great endeavour requires a proportionate investment of energy and resources for its accomplishment.
 The realization of peace and prosperity is no exception.
 What, then, are the resources required for this achievement and where are we to find them?
 The history of civilization is the process of humankind discovering greater and greater resources and learning how to utilize them to acquire higher and higher levels of physical security, productive power and comfort.
 In the earliest phase, these resources were almost exclusively material.
 The next phase brought the discovery of tools and instruments that made the material resources far more productive and valuable than before.
 Gradually, society discovered rudimentary organizational resources – the capacity to organize productive activities in a more effective manner.

 development of society, society discovered the capacity to better organize the process of productive activity. In these developments, these tools and instruments greatly facilitated and facilitated the development of the necessary organizational resources for the organization and administration of important organizational functions (.e., governance, polity, resource management, labor, education, etc.).<eop> The way to achieve these objectives involves the effective use of the resources and requires intensive expenditure of effort and investment of resources and time. It is necessary to make
-
Seeing all of my classmates looking utterly bored as they allowed themselves to be herded through the most amazing building I'd ever seen brought me back to my original train of thought.
 I hadn't actually spent every waking moment thinking about Les Misérables.
 A fair number of those seconds had been spent with Brandon.
 He'd already been picking me up from school every morning and dropping me off most days.
 We now spent every lunch together, and he'd started lingering when he dropped me off.
 It was still only on the days when Mom wasn't home, and I hadn't quite mustered the guts to invite him in, but it'd still been really nice.
 Of course it'd been the logical kind of thing to have start happening after someone asked you to the Ashure Day Dance.
 It was still so amazing someone like Brandon had asked me to go to a dance that half the time I forgot all about it.
 The other half of the time I had a hard time believing it'd really happened.
 But it had, and there were more than four dozen roses scattered around our kitchen to prove it.

 . It was the coldest part of the day. I'd thought about the best part of the day. I'd thought about it for the majority of the rest of the day. It was so important to me, but I wasn't thinking about the driest, or the most beautiful part of the day either, and I couldn't bring myself to bring it up. I knew that it'd done it, it'd done it, I loved it. I
-
I would've enjoyed English if not for the wildfire buzz created by my little scene with Alec outside of Biology.
 Mr. Whethers repeatedly asked various clumps of giggling and or staring girls to be quiet, but his efforts were largely wasted.
 As time went on the speculation grew both wilder and louder rather than petering out as any normal person would've expected.
 The former was probably due to an almost complete lack of anything resembling actual fact.
 The volume was no doubt designed to see if they could draw a reaction out of me and thereby figure out how I'd gone from dating one of the two most popular boys in school to dating the other one in the space of just one weekend.
 The prevailing opinion among the popular girls off to the left was that I was the biggest slut ever.
 The equally vindictive but more scholastically minded group in front of us was convinced I was just playing with Alec in an attempt to make Brandon jealous.
 It was all so far off that part of me wanted to laugh.
 I couldn't care less if Brandon was jealous, and Alec hadn't even kissed me yet.
 Even so, hearing my name said with such disdain by so many different people took its toll over the course of the class, and before long I was once again fighting the urge to break down and cry.

 of my classmates didn't understand the situation, but I was completely overwhelmed and embarrassed. Mr. Whethers immediately apologized to all of the girls in front of the class and assured them that my response was that I was a complete loser, and I would do absolutely my best to get my name out of the people right in front of them again. Mr. Whethers also admitted that Alec was the only true crush there was among the boys in the class.<eop> It was a shock for me to
-
After dinner they all took turns sleeping and keeping watch.
 Rodregas took the first watch and several times he thought he saw something.
 It was not the men they had left behind, but some animal that never came close.
 It seemed to be hanging on the edge of the camp.
 “A wolf maybe?” Rodregas thought.
 It seemed to be watching the camp, but it was not doing anything aggressive.
 He remembered thinking he had seen an animal during the fight.
 “Maybe we were in a wolf pack’s territory, and they were just making sure that we were not disturbing their young,” he thought.
 Happily, this night proved to be more restful and peaceful then the last.
 CHAPTER 5 A PLACE OF PRIDE

 the camp for the rest of the first night, the wolf began to toy in the camp last night. This was the second time that S. S S S. S continued to watch the night as a result of his father’s experiences in the past. This night was also not a dream to watch. Like last night, he saw a wolf standing on a fence in the camp before he saw it. But the night after the first night, when S.
-
He quickly raised his hand to his eyes, but instead of his scarred, wrinkled hand that should have been seared by burns; there was a powerful smooth hand.
 Rodregas reached up and touched his face.
 “Dear Gods,” he thought in amazement, “the trigger words had worked.” He had done what he had learned to despise and hate most of all; he had switched into the body of an innocent man.
 “I am an Immortalist,” thought Rodregas in dismay.
 It had been his only shot at survival, and the young man had already been dead in all ways that mattered, but still it was an act of incredible repugnance to him.
 He thought, “Once again I have done what I needed to survive.” As Rodregas lay on the floor he looked up at the stars and the looming figure of the captain.
 He had to think quickly.
 It was instant death for anyone to interfere with an Immortalist Ascension ceremony.
 It was the most stringent rule enforced by the Guild of the Celestial Path, and therefore the most enforced rule in the Eastern Realm.
 “Ah, thank you Captain, I am fine,” Rodregas said.

 stood in front of the captain. He reached up to his hands and hugged him with a reassuring look. “It is fine,” said the Captain. “Yes it is fine. Thank you.”<eop> Captain. Yes. It is fine. “It is fine,” he said. The others walked over to his side. They came to hug him. They came to help him. Rodregas smiled and shook his hands.<eop> The Captain stood up, looked around to see how everyone was doing
-
I slipped my battered shoes onto my abused feet, and turned to leave just as the door opened of its own accord.
 I fell back in amazement as he stepped into the pool of light that'd materialized as the clouds parted.
 The jeans were mundane, perfect, but completely normal for all that they were snug in all the right places and loose everywhere else.
 The shirt, unbuttoned in his haste to follow me, was also perfectly normal, entirely believable.
 Everything else, however, was too surreal to really grasp.
 The sculpted stomach and chest were exactly like I'd secretly imagined they would be, but my gaze was pulled instead up to the massive bandage covering most of Alec's shoulder.
 The bandage alone should have told me I hadn't been hallucinating, but the fragments of memory didn't coalesce until I saw his eyes.
 The amazing, pale blue eyes were the final, poetic piece of evidence threatening to shred my sanity.
 I'd never really liked Alec, but I never suspected he was an actual monster.
 It was too much to process so quickly.

 supposed to see him. I wanted to know him. I belonged to him. I was supposed to see Alec again. I was supposed to get to know him, but I wasn't really supposed to know the rest of the world either. I wasn't supposed to know him, and I might see him for the first time in years........<eop> That's what I was going to.... going to do... I was going to
-
The governments of the region have been so preoccupied with ‘re-engineering’ their economic and political systems and with meeting the conditions to attract foreign aid and investment that they have tended to over look the many essential and practical steps needed to implement the reforms on the ground.
 Even if governments had been able to get all the laws and economic policies ‘right’ the first time, there is no assurance that the actual impact on the people would have been less harsh than it has been.
 The so-called ‘shock therapy’ strategy pursued by these countries has been widely criticized for its severity and seeming indifference to social costs.
 But debates regarding the appropriate speed and social cost of reforms divert attention from a more fundamental problem with this approach.
 The essence of shock therapy is a reliance on macro-economic factors to bring about a radical restructuring of the economy and a radical change in the behaviour of individuals and enterprises.
 While monetary policy may prove useful for dealing with short-term adjustment problems within a relatively stable environment, there is no evidence to support its use as the principle instrument for social transition.
 Monetary variables are indicators of the functioning of an economy, but the essential factors which determine the strength and health of an economy are the productivity of its enterprises and its workforce and the material resources of the country.
 Tight monetary policy can generate intense short-term pressure for change in behaviour, but this pressure is applied indiscriminately and often with unexpected and unanticipated results.
 The primary result of premature liberalization of prices was to encourage trade and speculation while discouraging production and investment.
 It distracted attention from fundamental changes in institutions and social attitudes needed for the transition to be successful.

 of the application of monetary policy was to induce a change in behaviour of the people and improve the functioning of the economy and the institutions and policies to achieve this. This was done systematically, in every way, to assess the veracity of the combination of economic and social factors, and the impact on the behaviour of the people. Indeed, the social impact of an excessive monetary policy has been measured, but it has not had significant effect on the behaviour of the people. In addition, it has not
-
He bought me clothes and all kinds of interesting things.
 And he held me, Mother."
 She looked into her mother's eyes earnestly.
 "Whenever I was frightened or sad, he held me.
 It became so natural to move into his arms for consolation.
 And I felt so comfortable with him.
 I was more comfortable with him after five weeks than I would have been with Davis after five years of marriage."
 Mrs. Tranton frowned a bit.
 "Marie, are you .
 .

 ??.. ".. ".. ".. "". "" "..".. "".. ".. " ".. "... "... ""... " "... ".. "
-
You can’t!”
 “Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.
 “I can’t lose you, Aurelia.
 Please don’t fight.
 For me, will you not?”
 It seemed all the forest paused, listening for the answer.
 “Harruq, I love you.
 But I also love my home.
 I love my brethren.”
 She stood on her toes and gave him a quick, soft kiss on his lips.

 love you.” “Oh, my sweet, my sweet...”<eop> “I love you, I love you, baby, you love me. You love me, I love you, I love, I love you, you, I love you, you, you, I love me. You deserve to love me. I want you to love me. I love my brother, and I love my brother, too. I love you. I love who you are. I love you
-
I hurried outside, looked desperately from side to side for some hint of which way he'd gone, and then headed off to the right towards the sound of shattering pottery.
 Just before I was about to give up hope of finding him, I heard another crash and turned into a small grotto.
 The sight of rock walls nearly covered by a swath of greenery caused me to pull up with a suddenness that only barely saved me from tumbling into the small reflecting pool off to one side.
 Alec froze at my appearance, a large planter that easily weighed as much as I did dangling from one hand.
 The shards of pottery strewn about the grotto answered any questions I might have had regarding its imminent fate.
 Neither of us moved for several seconds, and then he turned towards me with a glare.
 "Go away!"
 The command was so forceful it was almost more than I could do to stop myself from turning and running away in terror, but I held my ground.
 "Leave.
 Leave now and I won't follow you."

 me to follow his lead, and with a groan, I backed up and looked to the left of the wall. Alec reached around me and put his arm around me. I gave him his hand and guided me back to my feet. As I reached the wall, I heard "...."..." "No......." "You can................"
-
He waited for her to add, "If I'm still here."
 When she didn't, he released a slow sigh of relief.
 "OK.  You probably won't be so nervous about it next time."
 She smiled, joining him on the sofa.
 "I might even use garlic again.
 But I have to admit that I sneaked upstairs to brush my teeth after we ate."
 He tilted her face up so that their lips were almost touching.
 "So did I."
 She felt his breath in her mouth.
 "I can tell."

 ."...""...""""."".".."""...""".."""..."""".."...""""...""""""""."...""..."""""".""""""""""""..."""""
-
God, God, God.
 Here is another of her poems, a simple one I’m choosing because you can also find it on Youtube, read by my Zoë: Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When it’s time to go to bed And yucky thoughts are in my head, I quickly start to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.

 light. Jesus, in the night, the light, my light light. Jesus, in the night, my light. Light, Jesus, light in the night, I am my light. Jesus, in light my nightlight. Light, light, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight. Light, light, nightlight.<eop> Listen, Jesus, in the night, light, my light. Jesus, in the night, light. Jesus, in the night, light, my
-
Like it hurt so much I could only feel the edges of the pain.
 Spanish followed Biology; then other subjects came and went until I felt like I'd made enough progress, or possibly wasted enough time.
 I collapsed into bed hours early and slept poorly.
 Sunday was about the same, only my insides felt even rawer under the calm surface.
 Like maybe they'd had something caustic poured on them.
 I woodenly went through the motions of studying, and then finally pushed all of my books to the side and opened up Les Misérables.
 I tried to lose myself in the book, but the same worries that'd pestered me while I was trying to study continued to grate against the back of my mind.
 I hadn't wanted to come here, but I'd tried to make it work.
 Mom keeping the pendant felt like a complete betrayal.
 She'd known how it would impact me, but hadn't cared.

 I had to do: I had to get the pendant, I could do it.<eop> Yes, I wanted the pendant, I needed the pendant, I did this.<eop> I had to.<eop> I knew.<eop> I had to do this.<eop> I knew it, I knew it, I knew, I did it.<eop> I cried in my own bedroom, I swore, I told my mom, I just had to do this. I went to my mom, I cried, I begged
-
Well since you two don’t appreciate my brand of humor I think I’m going to bed.
 Maybe I’ll get lucky and dream about that cheerleader.
 (Eugene exits the stage)
 Jim – I think he has a good idea, maybe the first he’s had in a long time.
 Johnny – Dreaming about boobies you mean?
 Jim – Yep.
 Johnny – Maybe I’ll get lucky and dream about them too.
 Jim – There’s a trick to dreaming about what-ever you like when-ever you like.
 Johnny – Yeah?
 What is it?

 – That’s what you mean, I know what I mean. Johnny – Well, that’s what-ever you like to like. Jim – Maybe I’m just thinking about you too. What’s with thinking about boobies? Johnny – Well Yeah, well, yeah, I dream about them, sometimes I just dream about you.<eop> Johnny – I mean, I don’t know what’s thinking about boobies anymore. Johnny
-
Understanding came slowly.
 He had shot lightning from his hands.
 The others nodded appreciatively, but I was having second thoughts about friendship with this man.
 Though not being his friend was probably more dangerous.
 I was shaking my head in disbelief as he turned back to me and bowed.
 He stepped back, taking a seat as the wiry man stepped inside the circle then.
 He nodded to me.
 Grey.
 He was thoughtful for a moment, deciding the best way to display his skill, before finally approaching to offer his hand.
 I reached forward, placing my palm against his, and then he was gone.

 and looked back to him, then he turned and looked at me. He nodded to me. When he was gone, I turned and looked at him. He was quiet to me for a moment, then he leaned forward and held up his arms. He looked defeated. Like there was not a thing to move in all the air..................................
-
The half-orc’s sister swords were sharpened and gleaming.
 Wrapped around his arm, Qurrah’s whip writhed hungrily.
 Their eyes rarely blinked, but as hour after hour passed and no blanket of shadow came to them, their patience wore thin.
 “The human army is right outside the town,” Harruq grumbled.
 “We can’t wait until tomorrow night.”
 “Patience, brother,” Qurrah said.
 “Just…‌patience.”
 Another hour, and still no shadow.
 Harruq stepped back inside and plopped down.
 The other half-orc remained at the door, his eyes not leaving the gray outside.

 was no shadow, the gray outside, the gray outside outside, the gray outside, the gray outside, the gray outside, the gray outside outside, the gray outside, the gray outside outside, the gray outside, the outside, the outside, the sister swords, the swords, the bloody sister swords, the swords, the swords, the swords, the sword... the swords... the swords. The swords, the sword...
-
I pray though that you not think too harshly of him.
 It was he who prepared your breakfast.
 A small act of atonement, but still a start nonetheless."
 It was all so surprising that it took me a moment to find my voice.
 "Thank you, Donovan.
 Have I slept in too long?"
 A gentle smile met my inquiry.
 "Those of us who don't require normal amounts of sleep have all been up for quite some time, with the exception of Master Alec, who remained abed for an uncharacteristic length of time, but the rest of the house is just now waking.
 In fact I rather suspect you have just enough time to shower and eat before Mistress Rachel will be pounding on the door, as it were, in excitement for your upcoming trip into town."
 A groan escaped me despite my best efforts.

 Don't worry, Mr. Donovan, my family is all well, and I certainly don't want to be in danger of being hurt.""""..."""".... Mr. Donovan."<eop> "Just enough time to..."""..""""..."""..."""..."<eop> I looked to my left..."""?""
-
“Fine with me,” I countered.
 He sighed.
 “See, we only pay Negros a quarter an hour.” Minimum wage was $1.25.
 We had noticed other outrages.
 The man, woman and colored rest rooms.
 The white and colored drinking fountains in the park.
 The dearth of black customers on Bourbon Street.
 The masterful jazz artists playing in side-street storefronts for nothing but spare change.
 By the end of Mardi Gras, at midnight, while we were entering the rundown neighborhood between the French Quarter and our car, a policeman warned us not to go that way.
 On this night every year, he assured us, coloreds roamed the streets hunting for white folks to butcher.

 was not one of the streets, it was the white folks in the middle of the street... the French Quarter... and the end of the street... and... and.. The white folks in the middle of the street... the black and the black and the black woman... and the black... the black and the white... the white... and the black men.... and the black and the
-
He was always smiling, always kind and gentle.
 He showed her new things he thought she'd like and took her places and bought her gifts.
 But what she enjoyed most was just being with him.
 He made her feel special.
 And he was protective without making her feel confined.
 He called her every day at lunch and sometimes later in the afternoon.
 Last week he'd been concerned about her, worried about how she was getting along in a strange place.
 But now they chatted and made plans for the evening.
 And he was always home by 5:30.
 All day long she looked forward to 5:30.

 he was always with her. And even in all the things he did, he was still always there. He was always up and running to where she was going, and when he was there, and she was crying, he filled her with his comfort. He kept her safe, and he was right next to her. He was always with her. He.............. hugged her to him. She held him to her. He held him to
-
They essentially look at every action as choosing between Alec and I. Britney, who could have legitimately stayed neutral, has been trying to get in my good graces almost since she arrived.
 You, on the other hand, couldn't care less who has the most money."
 It was an explanation.
 Not an iron-clad one, but good enough for now.
 I thanked Brandon for the ride, and was rewarded with one more wide, open smile before we split up and headed our separate ways.
 I kept telling myself not to get caught up in the idea of being with someone for the first time in my life, but still went through the first two classes more or less in a daze.
 Mrs. Sorenson was just as nasty as she'd been every day this week, but I didn't care when she managed to stump me on her second question.
 I found myself subconsciously comparing Heathcliff with Brandon during English, and Mr. Whethers had to ask me a question at least twice before I realized he was talking to me.
 I hardly even blushed at the inevitable giggles.
 I made a mental note to find out from Britney if I'd caught his question on the second or third repetition, but I rather suspected I'd forget.

 remember that the last time Mr. Whethers whispered to me that he was talking to Heathcliff, I didn't know who was the first, it was the first, or it was the first time, and it was whoever was the first.Whoever was the first, whoever was the second, and whoever was last. I gave the answer best I could, and Mr. Whethers told me that it was the second, the third, the the first, and the third, it was the
-
“No one knew to check.
 How would they?
 I mean, a new species.
 A new breed.
 And lethal.
 Poison to her mother.
 They couldn’t even know that was what had happened until the others.
 Until the pattern became patent and they found the source.” I stared at Ruby, imagining the nameless “others” who’d been taken by her venom before they discovered its root.
 But it was not the idea of those strangers that tightened my chest.
 Poison.

 to the other to the other one to the mother, the other to the other one of the mother, the other to the other of the mother. The other to one, the other, the other, the other, the other to one, the other one to her mother. “The other to the other one, the other to the mother, the other to the mother” I said to my friend.<eop> “The other to her mother, other to one to the mother, the other to
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq stormed through the village, roaring for any to stand and fight.
 “We’re coming for you,” he shouted, his voice like the growl of a dog.
 “You are weak!
 Weak!”
 The cry of a child sent him bashing through the door of a small home.
 Inside, a girl huddled beside her much younger sister.
 They were wrapped in blankets.
 The little girl clutched a doll in her hands.

 girl holding the little girl holding the doll.. little girl holding the doll.... little girl holding the doll. .... little girl holding the doll.. the doll holding the doll... little girl holding the doll... the the doll. . the doll.... the doll.. the doll..
-
Rick hurried after her.
 "I'm sorry!
 Marie, I'm so sorry!"
 Her door was locked, so he knocked.
 "Marie?"
 When she didn't respond, he leaned against the door, sliding to the floor.
 He dropped his head into his hands.
 How could he have done what he did?
 How could he put doubt in her mind about her fiancé and then-then .
 .

 ........." "...... "" "........................................
-
I wish I would have watched that show more often, then I would know what to do now.
 God why couldn’t I have been more forward thinking?
 Why did I have to waste all that time watching car racing when I could have been preparing?
 Why was I so blind?
 (Gets up and stumbles off stage)
 Cindy is waiting for the bus.
 Still dressed in summery type clothing.
 Still smiling and enjoying the weather.
 Greg walks up to her, looking unkempt and hunted.
 Greg: I’ve seen every episode of the twilight zone now.

 . I get sick of it. I get used to going out, having dinner, and dances. I think it’s time for a change. Greg: I think it’s a good change. I’m not in an apartment, in a house, alone, walking in a rain, alone, in a forest on a dark night. I’m just here. Later, as she is waiting for the bus, Cindy is walking towards Greg in the same outfit that Greg wears.
-
Of course, each animal seemed to weigh almost twice as much as he did.
 Still, Rodregas knew with sudden clarity that he needed to establish himself as the one in charge.
 If he did not establish his leadership, the next time the Dire Cats were hungry they would try eating one of his party, or at least one of the horses.
 Rodregas walked over to the bear corpse and as he approached, both cats seemed to fully wake up and took on a crouch stance.
 He pretended to ignore them and pulled one of his short swords out, in a casual way.
 Rodregas kept his focus on the bear; he knew that lionesses in prides do most of the hunting and the alpha males simply ate after the kill was done.
 He started to cut away a large chunk of the bear’s haunch to take back to the barn for their dinner.
 One of the lionesses growled and bit down on the haunch not far from him.
 His heart stopped for a moment.
 Rodregas thought she was going to take his hand for a second.

 going to take her hand from me. She did take his hand. She kissed the animal, released him and headed back into the barn to take the horse and their food. She ignored the animal and the horse. As she headed into the barn, one of lionesses started to pull him back. Rodregas walked over to the horse, stared at the animal and pushed the animal back towards the horse. Rodregas then started to chew a little bit of the head off of the animal
-
I couldn’t understand why I had bothered dragging it along, but my grip on it was tight.
 I rolled it up, tucking it under my arm as I approached the castle.
 My prison.
 Prison.
 I pushed the book into my pack and finally slept.
 When I woke, I felt better.
 Stronger.
 I was hopeful this applied to my magic as well.
 Chevelle sat against the dark stone wall, watching me.
 He seemed to recognize the change in my mood.

 to me to turn, and I turned mine back to his, asking him to help me, to help............ I walked to the fire, and Chevelle immediately turned to me...... I walked back to the edge of the fire.... and he turned to me, and then I had to turn to him. I turned to him me...............
-
I’m here to tell you, you got one person, man.
 When you’re a writer, you got one person.
 As close as I am to Lorelei, when I’m in there, when I’m at the typewriter or guitar or keyboard, I’m all alone, man, a chilling kind of alone, and I’m conscienceless, ruthless.
 You write because you’ve got to man, because it’s your guts that are hurting, your guts that are in need of something.
 And you’re gonna find that thing, even as it keeps receding from view, even as the more you go forward the farther away it gets.
 You ever been to the beach man?
 Seen those little clams, tiny little fuckers, that dive as you dig around them.
 They just keep burrowing downward, and the faster you dig the deeper they go (is that a Beatle’s line?
 something like that) (laughs).
 Anyway, those little fuckers defy your best efforts, they’re almost always gonna be quicker than you.

 ...................., man....they’re always gonna be much faster. They’re almost always gonna beat your brother’s time. But man, man..........., man, they’re never gonna be faster than you.<eop> That’s right, man..........., man....
-
I had to detour around the tangle of tables that belonged to the closest thing Sanctuary had to real Goths.
 My wandering path brought me around to where I could see what I'd mentally dubbed 'Alec's corner'.
 It was a good thing there was an empty chair nearby.
 The force of Jasmin's stare was almost a palpable thing; my knees got weak so quickly it was like she'd reached out and pushed me.
 I steadied myself and then tried to ignore the way my skin crawled as I crossed the rest of the distance to Brandon's table.
 "The mongrels unnerve you a bit?"
 The scorn on the face that the comment belonged to was unnerving.
 I'd seen him several times before, but didn't have a name to go with his aristocratic features.
 "That's enough, Vincent."
 A trace of rebelliousness flared up at Brandon's chastisement, but Vincent buried it so quickly I almost didn't have enough time to classify it before it disappeared.

 " "..." "..." "..." "..." "I don't understand.." " ".." "..." ".." " "..." " "..." ".."..." "I don't understand you, Vincent. Just one of the mong
-
The other roses had been an entirely different matter.
 I'd had to do some pretty quick talking to convince her I didn't know who they were from either.
 All of which meant I still hadn't told her I'd been asked to the Ashure Day Dance.
 Luckily, Rachel was the perfect listener, even if she did cringe a little every time I mentioned Brandon.
 All the things I would've told my mom had instead been shared with Rachel.
 Best of all, there'd been absolutely no hint that she'd blabbed to anyone else.
 I settled deeper into my seat, opening my program as the orchestra started warming up.
 It was amazing to think the near-chaos currently drifting up from the pit would transform itself into the glorious strains of the Overture in just a few minutes.
 I was so intent on the program it should've taken a small explosion to bring my head around, but something caused me to look up as Alec walked past the drapes.
 He looked even more gorgeous than normal.

 to him for a moment and knew that he was Alec,,,,, I,,,,, knew that he was Alec..,,,,,,,.. Alec was a beautiful person,, and most of all..,,,,,,,..<eop><eod> I spun around and leaned back in my seat. I put my left foot out into the room, exhaling when I realized that it was my mom who'd asked me to dance
-
The only thing that comes close is a clause that makes the whole argument null and void if Eugene’s father dies.
 Johnny – And his father is healthy as an ox.
 Jim – Damn.
 I’m out of ideas.
 Liz - I know, what would Sumo Assassin do at a time like this?
 Johnny – Soil his diaper.
 Liz – No really, what would he do?
 Jim – I don’t think it would apply to our situation?
 Liz – Why not?
 Jim – It just wouldn’t

 ... Jim – Oh Jim – I don’t think that would? Jim – Oh Jim, you don’t do it? Liz – I don’t do it. Oh Jim, you don’t do it. Jim, Jim – Jim, you n’t just do the same. Jim – Liz – Oh Jim – Jim, it’s just a question. Don’t worry Jim, I’ll just do that
-
I didn’t want to tell anyone I was in my horse’s mind.
 I started again, aware of my annoyed tone.
 “I don’t know.
 I was just following you guys and then wham!” That pretty much summed it up.
 “Just pain and screeching.” Ruby and Steed bolted to their feet as someone came in, but it was only Grey.
 “What is it?” Chevelle said, still kneeling over me.
 Grey hesitated, rubbed a palm awkwardly over the woven material of his shirt.
 “A horse is at the door.” Chevelle glanced at me, I hoped he didn’t see my smile.
 I knew it was my Steed.
 Grey waited.

 to there was a horse at the door. My horse didn’t bother to answer me. I tried to hit him in the head, he felt a sharp pain in the chest that he hit again in the head, and then he heard a screeching that he punched in the mouth. He shook his head, I couldn’t hear the squeaking or the pain, but he did not open the door for me, and......<eop> I was in the corner of my
-
“Fine then,” he said.
 “How long you want me stuck here with you?”
 “Two weeks,” she said.
 The elf danced away behind a tree.
 Harruq followed, but all he caught when he stepped around was a tiny line of blue fading on the afternoon wind.
 “That was interesting,” he said before returning to Woodhaven.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Deeper in the forest, Aurelia stepped out of a glowing blue portal.
 An elf waited there, an ornate bow slung across his back.

 lia stepped out of the blue. In the next room, Aurelia, and later the elf, also stepped out of a blue portal. A door opened in the front, back, and sides of the room. Outside of the door, the elf stepped out of a door carved in a stone. He stepped inside of a door carved in a small stone. Outside of the door he closed. "......", "....?"
-
We were teenagers and we had these other guys, girls, coming up to us, asking about Dickinson and what I meant by “hoodoo on the bloody muddy” or some shit, something they heard on the album.
 It was weird.
 But, you know, I was kind of lost at that time—this was right before Lor came into my life—and I had all these groupies, all these chicks, and I’d ball them, right?, but really I’d be thinking about the music, about what’s next, musically, about soloing, about getting my axe to sound like a sax.
 I was way gone on the music, man, and it just shoved everything out of me, everything else.
 I didn’t know then, that I was unraveling, like an old sweater.
 I mean, I loved the chicks, you know, I loved them.
 But, they knew I was nowhere man, after we’d do it and I’d be lying there, I’d be a million miles away and they’d get this sad look.
 In the morning they’d be all like, let’s go to Barksdale’s for breakfast, and, well, I was using some speed at the time and my appetite was nil.
 So, they’d go off and I’d pick up the guitar.
 That’s just the way I was then.

 a rhythm guy. And I played the drums, I picked up the bass and the guitar, and I was listening to the music. It was a new thing to me. I mean, I was a good drummer. I was a good rhythm guy. You know, I’d just go into a groove with the music. I was pretty good with the rhythm. I was happy to just do that. And I’d pick up the guitar and play and it just made me feel like I
-
Ruby turned to him and breathed a deep sigh but he didn’t respond.
 My head throbbed and I groaned as I pressed the bridge of my nose.
 He was beside me in a flash, unspeaking.
 Ruby handed me another drink.
 It helped, but I was still irritated about the binding.
 “Does this mean we’ll have to train again?” Ruby snickered.
 Chevelle answered slowly, “There has to be a way.
 You broke them before.” I tried to remember how.
 The first magic I could recall was the thistle in the back room at Junnie’s.
 It seemed so far away now.

 .......... I remember the magic of thistle in a back room now. I remember the one in a back room....... I remember the magic again in a back room.................. I tried to remember what happened in that room. I remember the thistle. I broke it. I remember it...... I remember the one in the
-
“Not exactly” he said.
 “I saw movement a few times.
 I just thought it might be them.
 I did not know for sure,” he explained.
 Doi’van asked Imeralda, “Did you know they were tracking us?” “No, I had no clue.” she said looking embarrassed.
 She then added, “I am not really a great tracker.
 I mean, our Paladin was easy enough to find but tracking Dire Cats through the forest, that would require true skill.” “But you did not sense them at all?” asked the Hellborn again.
 “No,” she shook her head.
 “Why?” she asked, her voice curious on his repeated questioning.
 “Because I am wondering if our ‘Paladin’ has a connection to the Dire Cats.

 i’van replied, “I guess so” she replied. “You know the connection to the Dire Cats,” he said again referring to them. “Yes?” he continued. “So did you sense them?”<eop> “I don’t think I sensed them” she replied, thus once again questioning him.<eop> “So you didn’t sense them?” asked Imeralda. “I don’t sense them at all “ she replied. “I just did not sense
-
"Until last year, my sister and I would go to my parents' house on Christmas Eve for dinner.
 Then we'd open gifts and then have hot chocolate and cinnamon rolls and watch home movies.
 Teri and I would always spend the night there, and we'd all go to my grandparents' house on Christmas morning and have lunch with all the aunts and uncles and cousins."
 "What happened last year?"
 "My parents sold their house and moved to Florida.
 They came here, and Teri did too, but it wasn't the same.
 We--"  His eyes flew to hers.
 She met his gaze.
 "And what if you hadn't even been able to be with them at all?"
 He swallowed.

 I?" "But you didn't-" " ""."<eop> "You did?"<eop> "Yes. But..." "What-"where?"<eop> "Where?"" """" " """ """" """" ".."<eop> "Where?"<eop> """ "".."<eop> ""."
-
“Yes, sir,” replied Captain Poir, his expression going from a guarded concern to enthusiasm.
 He seemed reassured when Rodregas mentioned Stevents.
 He must have thought either Ravenhurr had been a bit damaged by the ritual or that the young man whose body he now inhabited might still be alive and faking it, obviously the young man would not know about Stevents.
 It must not have occurred to him that his senior sergeant, who had burned in the end, might now inhabit the body.
 The AElf maiden twisted her body against the guards and tried to meet Rodregas’ eyes and he realized that only she had the magical background to have realized what had happened.
 “Just two things, sir,” said Captain Poir in a hesitant voice.
 “Yes?” he asked trying to act calm and in control.
 “We might lose some guards and probably some of the kitchen drudges if they have money in hand and a whole week off, also we leave ourselves open for theft if we don’t keep at least a minimum of guards at the front gate.” Rodregas relaxed at the mundane nature of the questions.
 “True, but I will not stint in thanking the gods for a favorable ceremony.
 Keep a few guards at the gate, but only the minimum needed.

 not forget about the others involved in the ritual, as well.<eop> “Yes”, sir, said the young man, turning to look at the woman in the coffin. “Yes, sir. I believe the gods want us to talk about everyone in the ritual. Talking about Stevents is one of those things. But everything we do during the ritual is okay. “Yes “ said the young man turned to Captain’s eyes. “It is okay with me.” “Yes?”
-
"And then you walked into my garden.
 We spent time together, got to know each other .
 .
 .
 fell in love."
 He raised first one hand and then the other to his lips.
 "I want to spend my life with you, Marie.
 I understand about your wanting to go home.
 But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."
 Her eyes filled with tears.

 .. ".." "... "" """ " "" "" "... " " "" "" "".. "" "" """ ""... ""<eop> "Miss Marie, tell me what you are like.... "
-
Unfortunately, she didn't have any curling tongs, and her too-long hair, now perfectly straight, hung past her shoulders.
 With a sigh, she parted her hair in the middle and went downstairs.
 "Hair all dry?"
 Rick asked.
 "Hey--your hair looks great!
 It looks longer now."
 "It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.
 I need to get it cut."
 "No!"
 A bit embarrassed by his exclamation, he explained, "I like your hair better the way it is now.

 ly, she said, "I like the color """", """"", """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""". You don't have to get cut, you just want. ""But if you don't have time to
-
I unlaced my vest and threw it down, kicked off my shoes and fell into the blankets, stretching happily to finally have something like an actual bed.
 The conversation outside quieted and I slipped off to sleep, trying not to think about my capture and coming return to the village.
 “Freya.” A low voice broke into my dreams of gently rolling hills and soft gray stone.
 I peered through slitted eyes to see Chevelle standing outside the entrance, back to me as he watched a dull red horizon.
 I sat up, lacing the vest over the thin material of my blouse, and slid on my shoes to join him.
 “It’s dawn,” I complained.
 “And good morning, sunshine,” Steed called from atop a large, black stallion.
 The beast’s nostrils flared, breath steaming in the cool morning air.
 Two more of the animals pawed in the distance behind him.
 Steed chirped a whistle and they walked forward, the slim, muscular one moving to stand beside Chevelle as a mammoth crossed in front of me and knelt.

 down to see the field. There was a field of grass on the one side of the field, the mammoth pawed on the foot of the left and I pawed the grass on the foot of the foot, on the foot of the left. All of the grass was on the foot of the right foot, all of the left, all of the right and left. On the other side, the mammoth crossed over the grass and knelt beside it. In front of the grass, the
-
Chapter 12
 The monsters surged up the hill, blocking out Kojas’ delirious laughter.
 Seth shouted, “Stay together, don’t get separated!” A troll charged at me and I jumped to the side.
 I looked up and saw that Emily, Jason, and Seth had been swallowed by the rushing creatures.
 So much for that plan.
 “Emily!” I yelled but my voice was drowned out.
 I saw a flash of fire off to the side.
 Emily was fine.
 I twisted around so that the troll charged past me.
 I turned and plunged my knife into its back before it could respond and it fell to the ground.

 my sword and I ran up the mountain.<eop> Emily... I’s what I’m... That’s what I’ll be... That’s what I’m... That’ss what I’m... That’s what I’ll be... I was trying to keep the fire out of Emily’s head. Jason was still sprinting up the hill away from the monster. Seth.....
-
"Simon and Nathanial."
 "I didn't know them that well, they mostly ignored me, but I didn't think they'd kill me."
 Alec finally put his arms around me.
 He hugged me like I was made out of fine china, but it was a start.
 The tingling sensation I'd always felt around Brandon was back, stronger than ever.
 Despite the incredibly grave nature of everything that'd happened in the last few hours, I felt mildly euphoric.
 Maybe this was what people were talking about when they said they were buzzed.
 "Maybe they weren't going to kill you.
 I can't say for sure, but they've both killed people before.
 I couldn't take the chance that they weren't just playing around.

 ..." I said "I don't trust you."<eop> "No." Alec said. "."<eop> ""No."<eop> "No.." "No... No." """ "No..." "No..." I stopped myself again. "No."<eop> """.." ".." "No.." Alec
-
Jim – I have a picture in my mind of a little Japanese girl kicking you in the shins.
 How accurate is it?
 Eugene – They didn’t beat me up.
 Liz – Well what happened then?
 Eugene – You’re never going to let me live this down.
 Jim – Probably not.
 Specially not if you got beaten up by a bus-load of Japanese school girls.
 Eugene – I didn’t get beaten up.
 Liz – Did they chase you off then?
 Eugene – They didn’t chase me off either.

 – Not Jim. Jim – I wasn’t Jim. I didn’t believe in Jim. Like you. Jim – I don’t believe in Jim. I don’t believe you Jim. I mean, I don’t believe in you Jim. I mean I don’t believe Jim like you. I don’t believe I believe you Jim.<eop> Jim – I don’t believe in you Jim. I don’t believe in Jim. But I
-
But, to her credit, Dad, she had given up trying to stop me.
 It would have been fruitless, of course, I was off and running.
 It would have been like putting your finger in a dike, with the Great Mississippi behind it.
 And I even wrote a couple numbers, crude things, but I still remember ‘em, I can still play ‘em.
 “Caterpillar Blues.” “The Bookseller’s Beautiful Daughter.” “Idlewild Playground Blues.” (laughs) It was all a gas.
 In a way, man, that was my best period as a musician, when I was a sprout, playing my little man blues, all alone, without a care in the world except to make music.
 And have it remake me.
 CM:  	What do you mean?
 BG:  	Well, I was a weeny kid, you know?
 There was only one thing you could be when a boy in that decade and that was tough.

 to... learn to know the songs... to play the guitar, to... know the songs, to listen to the lyrics... and man, man, that just had to be hard, to learn just to know the words. And to... it just got hard to learn to do the math. And the music... you have to listen to the music, to know the words and how to play the guitar. You have to
-
The forest was on an endless slope.
 There wasn’t any horizon.
 And the music, each note contained all kinds of harmonies, all at once.
 And the instruments sounded like giant bells, big as mountains, far away.” Eric had sat up.
 His eyes bored into mine.
 “Were you scared?
 What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
 You unwind, your heart slows.
 Nothing can hurt you now.
 That’s how it felt.” “You’re a lucky guy,” Eric said, in a more wistful tone than I had ever heard him use.

 was leaving, I wasn’t happy about it. I was about to pull him back into me.<eop> “But at home, I couldn’t pretend I’m scared. I could go back to my thoughts, and I could go home, and I could listen to the silence, the silence in the woods, and the music, and I could go back home.” At home, I played the violin, viola, viola, bass, acoustic guitar, cello, and
-
I have been too busy working on my studies.” Korin now looked at him with a surprised expression and an eyebrow slightly raised.
 Rodregas wondered if he had said something wrong.
 While he had seen the two interact for some years, he really did not know what was appropriate for him to say in such a circumstance.
 Rodregas knew that he did not have the skills for pretending he was a powerful Immortalist sorcerer, so he said, “How many people have you killed during the past year Korin?
 And how many others have you raped or tortured?” he asked, trying to keep a calm voice.
 Now Korin looked very surprised and he started looking around.
 Rodregas saw that Korin noticed the study door, though he was working hard to not show it.
 “How many?” Rodregas repeated his question.
 “I am not sure,” Korin said.
 “For us to truly become divine we must of course develop our skills.” As Korin answered the question he took a step back.

 noticed the study door in the morning?” Korin asked.<eop> “What was that to do?” He said he noticed the study door and opened the door to his study. He closed his door, and then walked in into the room from the side of the room. He opened his door to reveal the entrance to his study and he was shocked. Rodregas opened the door to the study, and again he was shocked to find himself in his room. Korin walked in into the room,
-
Later my mom called her the brightest student she ever taught.
 And her pure and soulful singing would land her, only months after high school, on a weekly television show with a folk group, The Good Time Singers.
 That summer before our senior year, Margaret's best friend was Pam Greenman, who attended our rival high school.
 Lane was someone I probably never would've befriended if not for Eric.
 Since we met in seventh grade, I had considered Lane a smart-mouthed little pest while he thought of me as a big, dumb oaf.
 In Eric's company, we each learned better.
 I have Eric's treasures, which Sylvia gave me.
 Along with them came a treasure of hers, a letter from Pam Greenman.
 She wrote, "One can't begin to talk about Eric because there is no beginning, just as there is no end.
 To say what he was would be impossible since he was so different to so many people.

 "I..."<eop> She didn't answer. "I did."<eop> I did it. "I." Yes, I did it. I thought I would.<eop> "I," again. "I did, but I didn't." I said, "I did not realize what I was doing.... I thought it was something I could never do. Something I thought I didn't have to do.
-
If they are not given access to the information superhighways and other technological highways to progress, a new form of social and economic apartheid will spread, which will be even more serious in its consequences to the future of human civilization than the skin-colour-based apartheid which has just ended.
 True education is leadership in thought.
 There are periods in human history when the progress of decades can be accomplished in a few years.
 It is the view of the Commission that we have arrived at one of these great, creative moments.
 Can the political leadership of all countries seize this moment and convert it into an opportunity for promoting job-led economic growth, rooted in the principles of ecology and equity?
 Can we make the gender inequity and the coexistence of extreme poverty on the part of a billion children, women, and men, and extreme affluence and unsustainable lifestyles on the part of another billion, an anachronism of the past?
 Can we foster love of diversity and pluralism in terms of religion, race, language, colour or political belief?
 In our view, there are uncommon opportunities now to find the solutions to these basic challenges facing contemporary human society.
 We have tried to deal with them in a concise manner in this report, which concludes that commitment to the principles of democracy and human diversity, equity in terms of gender, economic condition and sustainable lifestyles, is fundamental to achieving both a better common present and a better future.
 Personally, it has been a privilege working with a highly distinguished group of women and men, whose sole concern has been a better life for all.

 with the collective will of women and men and that of a billion children and women, women and men who have no future is a chance to create a better common life for all in the next 50 years. The diversity of the world is the destiny of the world, the aspiration of the common people, and the destiny and aspirations of the women, children, and men, and the collective aspiration of humanity. The main objective of our commission has been to promote the diversity of the world in the
-
I was still the odd man out, but it was amusing watching Vincent preen.
 I never did figure out what it was he'd done, but apparently it had him thinking he was even more of a stud than normal.
 Whatever it was, it had Brandon pissed, which was a refreshing change.
 If he had to be friends with some of these people out of responsibility, that was one thing, but letting them continue to be jerks was taking it too far.
 Nobody was more surprised than me when Brandon pushed back from the table, scanned the room, and then pulled me to my feet.
 We spent the rest of lunch pacing around the outside of the school while he worked through whatever was bothering him.
 When the warning bell finally rang, he turned and looked at me with a considering smile.
 We stood like that for a good thirty seconds before he reached a single finger up and traced the left side of my face as he leaned in slightly.
 It was simultaneously the scariest and most exciting thing I'd ever experienced.
 Even as I leaned in a little bit myself, my thundering heart seemed to be trying to leap out of my throat solely for the purpose of disrupting what looked very much like it was going to be my first kiss.

 grabbed the hand of.......... He grabbed the back of me, I grabbed my hand. As I grabbed the back of the hand of the other, I grabbed my wrist, and slid the hand back into my fingers with a finger. As I reached for the back of the other hand, I pulled it to my lips, which I pulled away with a flick of the finger again. As I reached back with the........
-
"Nope," I said.
 "If we wait, we probably won't go."
 Cliff was more sensible.
 He said my mom could be right.
 I didn't relent until after his mom lectured us in practically the same words.
 Whatever the meaning of Eric’s death, it might've been losing him that convinced me to give up on Karen Flagstad.
 Anymore, the whole idea of having a best friend spooked me.
 Better to keep my secret life to myself and guard my heart than to trust somebody I was almost sure to lose---because that was how life worked---and mourn over.
 But then, in that way life has of confusing every issue, Karen invited me to be her graduation partner, which meant only walking side-by-side in a procession.
 Still I invited her to the prom.

 was my prom. Yes, it was my birthday. Karen had a birthday party. It turned out, that she would have to take me out.<eop> That night, after she was out, I went to a line outside in the mall. We went to the mall. I went back to the mall. Well, I went to the end of the line. We went to be the end of the line. But then, we were going to the mall. So, the end of the
-
BG:  	Oh, man.
 If there was justice he’d be as big as the Stones.
 CM: 	Uh—
 BG:  	That’s enough.
 Right?
 Gimme one more.
 CM: 	Van Morrison.
 BG:  	Soul poet.
 Good, huh?
 Soul poet?

 ,,, BG: CM: Van Morrison.,........, Uh, BG: Van Morrison.,, a bit of the —...,,..... :,....... BG:.......
-
“If you must ask then you did not, at least not directly, though I did hear you startle awake.
 Perhaps a fleeting glimpse of it…”
 “Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms and frowning at him.
 “What is this about?
 Tell me.”
 “Remember the necromancer we witnessed at the siege?” Qurrah asked.
 “It is him.
 He has haunted my dreams lately, and today he whispered the name of a place I have already researched for my own purposes.
 I think we are being guided, though I dare not pretend to know why.”
 Harruq shifted, the dark expression on his brother’s face making him uncomfortable.

 side.... on the north.................................................... on the west side. On the south................................
-
A tandem wolf howl sounded in the distance.
 My stomach swam in unease.
 Chapter Thirteen Diary
 The councilman’s body was disposed of, and the group bustled around the clearing.
 I slid my sword into its sheath, careful not to touch the blade.
 I hadn’t comprehended what the flourish of activity meant until Ruby grabbed my arm to conduct me.
 “Come on, we have to pack.” She dragged me along as she rushed back to her house.
 She threw things around her room, sorting and gathering.
 I didn’t really have anything to assemble.
 There was only the pack I’d acquired months ago, nothing in it but that stupid white dress and the pouch… The pouch.

 ...<eop> Ruby pulled out of the pack and placed my arm in her shoulder. I was still stuck in the pack..... <eop> “You... ”. She pulled me out, wrapping me in a hug, and she pulled me in close beside her.<eop> I went to her side. Ruby pulled my arm from the center of the pack and pulled me up.<eop> “You... ” She paused.
-
More effective forms of organizations can eliminate or compensate for these deficiencies to a large extent.
 For example, in India more than 10 million farmers are successfully engaged in sugarcane cultivation, precisely because an established system of contract farming provides them with access to technology, quality inputs, credit and an assured market for their produce.
 India became the world leader in milk production only because of the power of scale conferred on small producers through the dairy cooperative movement.
 A similar organization is presently lacking for most other crops.
 The successful establishment of more than one million Self-Help Groups (SHGs) in India over the past three years providing access to credit for 15 million small farmers illustrates the power of organization.
 It is an indication that the phase of society’s predominant dependence on government initiatives for development is coming to a close.
 An organization combining the advantages of SHGs and contract farming through the agency of an NGO or an agri-business centre operated by farm and home science graduates or entrepreneurs can be successfully extended to other crops, providing the technical knowledge and essential inputs that small farmers need to raise productivity and farm incomes.
 Crop Diversification: Eradicating hunger necessitates shifting production from traditional crops to higher value added crops that can improve nutrition, while generating higher on-farm incomes and greater off-farm employment.
 Fruits and vegetables can remove micro-nutrient deficiencies, while dairy and poultry can eliminate protein deficiencies.
 The soaring price of petroleum, which has reached historical highs this year, presents an additional opportunity for countries such as India to become large scale producers and exporters of bio-fuels and bio-mass energy, thereby substituting imported petroleum with lucrative markets, higher incomes and greater employment opportunities for the rural population.

 fuel production and bio-mass energy for the rural population is a further indication of the importance of subsistence agriculture. The increasing incidence of poverty in the general population and in rural India, in particular, needs to support agriculture in order to maintain the subsistence incomes in the rural population and increase the incomes of farmers. Thus, it is therefore, therefore, clear that it is important to support the economic benefits of agriculture for the livelihoods of rural India. The importance of irrigation, subsistence agriculture,
-
Liz – It sounds like fun.
 Jim – I guess that means that I’m playing.
 But if you start getting bad we’re putting the board away.
 You in Karen?
 Karen – Sure.
 I haven’t  played Scrabble in years, hope I remember the rules.
 Jim – Well dad is a rules lawyer so he’ll let you know if you step wrong.
 Art – Ok, lets get dinner cleared away so the crushing of your egos can begin.
 (They clear the table and get set up to play)
 Liz – Is he always like this?

 – Well, yeah, he’s always like this..... Jim – Yes I’m playing, how is this playing? Jim – Well, I’m playing... Liz – Oh, he’s always like this.... Jim – Play, play, play, play, play, play,..........................
-
The squire who claimed that shield and made it to the Cathedral’s main hall with it would be knighted on the spot by the Knight Commander of the Order.
 This day would decide Rodregas’ fate.
 It was likely to end in defeat.
 He stood flexing his sore shoulders, waiting for the flag to drop.
 Across from him was Geriodon who was standing tall and ready in his Night Bronze armor.
 He looked to have gotten much more sleep than Rodregas, and of course, now he also had a minor Sigil of Healing.
 So what little advantage Rodregas might have had was no longer.
 Directly to Rodregas’ left stood the tall graceful figure of Nordien, he was as tall as Rodregas if not quite as muscular and his armor was spectacular.
 Geriodon had a full suit of Night Bronze armor which was plain and serviceable looking.
 Nordien’s armor was a work of art.

 ................................................................................ Geriodon was in the front.... He was in the back....
-
I shook my head, certain that didn’t bode well for me, and she laughed.
 “We are leaving them for Rhys and Rider to find.” “Are they poisoned?” “Yes.” I considered that.
 “Did they use all the ones you prepared last night?” “You’re silly, Freya.
 It’s fun.” The way she pronounced my name, like it was dear to her, made it harder to be angry with her.
 But I made the effort.
 “It’s not entirely my fault,” I huffed.
 And then I was sorry I’d said anything.
 I didn’t need to defend myself to her.
 “I know,” she said, “but it’s still fun.” I wondered if she did know.
 Like everyone before.

 to defend her. Again, I.............., I................................, I was going to defend her again, but I knew it just wasn’t right.<eop> Again, I...., I cried. I........... “I
-
Inches from the end of the board was a depression full of water, on which my foot slipped.
 I tried to stop, but too late.
 The world spun sideways then upside down before I pinched my eyes closed.
 When my head nicked the board, the day went black.
 I don’t remember falling.
 Probably the water revived me.
 As Eric helped me out, I got more cheers than he had.
 Later he would explain I had made a neat flip while careening into the pool.
 He led me inside, wetted a washcloth and dabbed the wound on my forehead until I faded.
 I awoke on the outskirts of heaven, gazing across a chasm at the enchanted forest.

 night, the water tried to rouse me. After taking the shower, I curled up in the scented tub, then went to bed.<eop> I went to my bed. I didn’t even have any sheets. I found a small, half-full wooden board, carefully cut from the wood frame, and placed in the middle of my room. Two feet of the board to the left, the middle foot of a chair to the right, and a foot of the board to the right
-
“Is it true, did you take on a monster by yourself yesterday?” I sighed, shooting a look at Seth.
 “Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.
 Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
 The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.
 “I’m fine Emily, seriously.” Jason was silent.
 He never talked much like Emily, who was easily the most talkative, friendly person I knew.
 Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.

 her hand and started to talk to her. “ “....” “.”.” “..” “...” “..” “...” “..”<eop> “..” “.” “..”.” She looked really screwed up. I stopped her and said, “I’m talking to you. “” “...” She smiled and nodded. “Oh Emily, I’m really okay.”
-
"Did you enter the drawing for Les Misérables tickets?"
 I looked over to find Rachel sitting in the middle of the seat, happily leaning forward so she could talk to us.
 "Yes, but so did everyone else.
 My chances are so dismal they're not even worth mentioning."
 Rachel looked like she was going to argue, or say something cheerful, but the back of my mind had been trying to figure out how she could be even with us, but still sitting in the back seat.
 I did a quick check to verify my suspicion.
 "Rachel, you should be wearing your seatbelt."
 "Why?
 It isn't like anyone is going to pull us over and give us a ticket."
 It was more difficult than I expected to formulate a coherent answer while fighting off the first quivering indications of another attack.

 " "I'm going to wear my seatbelt. "" "I don't want any of you to see me... " " " " "" " " " " " " " " " "" " " " "I can't understand. " " " " "I don't understand. "" "
-
Anything odd or out of the ordinary?"
 For a second nothing made sense.
 Brandon was the one who was saving us, and if that wasn't out of the ordinary, I didn't know what would be.
 Only he'd said in his note not to say anything to anyone.
 Of course.
 He was testing me, making sure I was going to keep quiet about what he'd done.
 Probably because he didn't want any of the praise for such a selfless act.
 I was usually a pretty lousy liar, but it isn't really a lie if you both know the truth.
 "Brandon, you can trust me.
 There isn't anything odd going on.

 , ",'"'Brandon, I don't know anything odd.'" 'We both know the obvious." " " " ','','", '' "','', ','' ','' ', 'Brandon, I can both trust you. I know the
-
Of course not.
 He is just an exceptional artist, a poet, a singer of peculiar power and persuasion and grace.
 So, what happened?
 What happens to any of us who find a particular artist who speaks to our very hearts?
 Is it right, just, meet?
 What’s the difference?
 At some point, at some fulcrum point, I understood.
 Today, Bob Dylan remains a force in my life, though now, he’s also a pal.
 And I can go to him—to his songs--when I am blue, when I am feeling that the world is a place of malefaction and discommoded energy, when I am feeling that there is nothing to be said for the human race, and I can be readjusted.
 How this happens, why this happens, is secondary to the fact that it does.

 happens, how this happens, why, how this happens, it doesn’t.<eop> And, this is secondary to the fact of music, dance, theatre, film, television, literature, religion, politics, science, art, and the fact that it does not. This is the fact of the nature of the universe, and the fact that the universe is involved in the workings of the universe... it does. So that’s what happened, and it was up to
-
CM:  	Uh…some people see in your “California” LPs a kind of return to innocence, a willful perspective that is more Edenic, or childlike.
 Would you say that you are seeking innocence with your recent work, that you are moving toward artlessness?
 BG:  	You would say that.
 I think you just did say that.
 Artlessness?
 Hm.
 I wouldn’t have used that word, but I like it.
 Yes, strip off the artifice, cut off the fat.
 Too many rock lyricists—you can think of them as well as I can, say, that guy with Procol Harum, or that Emerson Lake and Palmer shit, or some of Jim’s stuff, which, to be honest, I can’t stomach, all that lizard king shit—they’re purposely making with the lit-rock attitude, you know?
 They want you to study their lyrics.

 you, they want you to learn, you want to learn their songs, you want to know them. They want you to listen to them, they want you to love them. They want you............. Oh, you want........ Oh, tell me, I’ll listen to you........ You want.....
-
I saw how you reacted to the ley line; you clearly have some power.” Doi’van tilted his head to me and said, “Really, do you think so?
 I do feel something now and then, but I have never been tested.
 People see me and how strong I am, they just assume I don’t have magic for some reason.” “Wish I had that problem,” Rodregas said.
 “I mean before, people always used to assume I had neither brawn nor brains.” With a smile he added, “What do you say?
 Shall the three of us set some time aside to teach each other what we know of magic and see what we can learn from these magic books of Ravenhurr’s?” he asked.
 “No,” said Doi’van.
 “I mean, yes, I would like to learn what you can teach me.
 I like to learn,” he said slowly but carefully.
 The big guy was embarrassed.
 Then he added, “I am afraid my people are not big readers, and, well, they saw me as half-monster and I never learned how to read.” The last words he added very slowly, but then quickly added, “But if you can teach me some basics from the oral techniques that Imeralda mentioned, I would like to learn some magic if I can.” Rodregas looked at Doi’van; there was something about his expression, a yearning.

 , I want to learn magic.”<eop> “Yes.” Doi said. “And what do you mean?” Rodregas asked Doi’van. “You do mean?” “Yes,” he said, saying, “Yes, you do.” Rodregas laughed and said, “I don’t even know what means. I don’t know, it could be magic. If I want to be learning, I can take what you are trying to say and teach me
-
BG:  	Shit, what was it, Lor?
 Three weeks, a month.
 LE: 	About 9 weeks, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
 CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.

 , I mean, I was going through a variety of moods -- the body, the, the body, the the body, the the body, the body, the body, the body, the body, the body, the body the, the body, the body, the body, the body, the body, the body, the the body, the body the, the body, the body the the body, the body, the body, the body...<eop>
-
A simple outline of a bird with outstretched wings marked the delicate skin at the base of my palm.
 Unbelievably tiny runes surrounded the bottom of its wings, making a pattern appear.
 I smiled as I praised her.
 “It’s beautiful.” One eyebrow shot up and she jumped from the bed, grabbing my wrist and pulling me with her.
 I hoped she hadn’t smudged the design.
 I checked it as soon as she stopped in front of her mirror and let my arm go.
 “And this.” It wasn’t a question.
 She was proud of her work.
 The eyes that stared back at me in the reflection grew large as they took in her mastery.
 Gone was the girl I’d been in the village.

 ..... Gone was the girl that I’d been in the village.<eop> I....,.,,,.,.......,,,......... As I returned my eyes to her reflection, I found myself. I found myself in awe of her work.<eop> I....,....,,..............
-
I would've stopped.
 You can't really have a good disagreement while you're walking down the hall, but we happened to be holding hands, which he used to keep me moving along.
 And here I'd been so excited back in the councilor's office when he'd taken my hand.
 "It's not crazy.
 Everyone who swaps classes is going to be doing double homework for the duration.
 Assignments for their old class, which they presumably still want to get credit for, and assignments for the new class so as not to make any more waves than necessary with their temporary teacher.
 It only makes sense to place that burden on the ones who can most easily deal with it."
 That last part had been said in a near whisper, due to the fact that we were right outside Mrs. Sorenson's class.
 Everything he was saying made sense, but didn't resolve the real reason I was so worried.
 "I can help.

 . "". """. " """. " """. """. "". """. """". "". """. " """. " """. You don't want to hear " "". "". It doesn't matter. " '". ""
-
In an effort to see better, Rachel and I had moved slightly to the side.
 Alec reached back without looking and moved us directly behind him.
 It wasn't until his arm brushed me that I realized he was shaking ever so slightly himself.
 "There's only one way you're going to touch her, James.
 Are you really ready to take that step?"
 I felt shivers run down me as I realized just how easily everything could boil over into deadly violence.
 The tension in the room pulsed out in waves, skittering many-legged across my skin like something that belonged under a rock somewhere.
 The feeling intensified even more as first Jessica and then Jasmin picked up the same strange, near epileptic quiver.
 James let out a low, grating growl, and my stomach dropped as he looked up with eyes that weren't the unremarkable brown they'd been just a second before.
 The hot yellow eyes of a predator were looking out of James' familiar face, changing it into something threatening and inhuman.

 .. and...and...and and...and..and to and...and and...<eop> "And" and...."<eop> "And and..." Alec said and his eyes narrowed, causing me to have a brief momentary look before he tightened his arms around me and and...and and... "And and.. and..."<eop> "And" was the
-
I will not take sides in this conflict, and neither shall the Quellan elves, but if I find who caused this war, I will kill him.
 It is the least I can do.”
 A great beat of white wings and then the elf was in the air.
 Antonil watched him fly far south, watched until he was a tiny white dot among a blanket of stars.
 Before he stopped watching, however, he saw more than fifty similar white dots line the horizon.
 The guard captain smiled, somehow heartened by the sight.
 “Let us hope for miracles,” he whispered to the night.
 “And let us hope that at tomorrow’s end all my troops are still alive.”
 He stared at the stars for a long while before joining his troops in slumber.
 !

 king...... The king of the king of the elves......................... The king of the elves..............
-
.
 .
 fell in love."
 He raised first one hand and then the other to his lips.
 "I want to spend my life with you, Marie.
 I understand about your wanting to go home.
 But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."
 Her eyes filled with tears.
 "I'm so sorry, Rick.
 It-it probably would have been better for you if I'd never walked into your life."

 " ".. "" "... " " ".. "<eop> " It is to you, Marie. It is to me, you have " "<eop> " ".... "".... " " "........ " "
-
"No, you're not.
 I don't understand what you are, but you aren't a monster.
 Brandon is.
 Vincent, Cassie.
 They're all monsters, but you aren't."
 Alec finally let his eyes fully meet mine.
 "How can you know that when sometimes I'm not sure myself?"
 Almost without realizing it, I moved my hand from his arm to his stomach, and then wrapped both arms around him and pressed my face into his rock-hard chest.
 "Thank you for saving my life.
 Were those wolves some of Brandon's friends?"

 up incredulously at me. ""Yes," """"""", Vincent, Cassie,, and Brandon? ""No," """""" the same person? """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
Books like these will allow you not to just learn the spells the best way for you, but in a much deeper, complex way.
 Spells learned this way can be much more powerful than spells learned from either a regular book or the oral traditions.” “How powerful and complex do you think the books we have are?” Rodregas asked.
 Imeralda smiled and seemed hesitant before saying, “I have no idea.
 I have touched Grimoires, but I have never been allowed to read one before.” “Really?” Rodregas answered in surprise.
 “Well, looks like we are going to have to start using these books,” he said.
 Doi’van was clearly listening; his huge body very still, but he had not said anything.
 “What do you say, Doi’van, are you ready to learn some magic?
 I saw how you reacted to the ley line; you clearly have some power.” Doi’van tilted his head to me and said, “Really, do you think so?
 I do feel something now and then, but I have never been tested.
 People see me and how strong I am, they just assume I don’t have magic for some reason.” “Wish I had that problem,” Rodregas said.

 ’t know. I know, I know, I know, I just have a problem. I know, I don’t know. But what I do know is that I do have a power.” Doi’van smiled and nodded slowly. “I know, and what it’s done to me, I know I’m not like that. I know, but I don’t let myself feel it. I don’t even feel it.”<eop> “That’s
-
A highly skewed income distribution results in lower levels of overall demand, growth and job creation.
 Lopsided income distribution fuels speculative investment, more and more of which goes overseas.
 The average wages for production workers in the United States are the lowest they have been since 1967, with 18 per cent of full-time workers not earning enough to keep a family of four out of poverty, up from 12 per cent in 1979.
 Income redistribution in the industrialized countries requires structural adjustments similar to those which the West has advocated for developing countries.
 A 'maximum wage' law can be introduced, requiring firms to pay taxes on exorbitant executive compensation.
 Agenda for a Global Employment Programme
 Employment is a global problem that cannot be fully solved by individual countries in isolation.
 Policy measures at the national level influence trade and investment flows and employment rates in other countries.
 Economic growth and expansion of employment in one country enhance employment opportunities in other countries as well.
 Therefore, co ordination of policies is in the interests of the global community.

 development of the world, the economic development of the world, the development of the sector of the world, global economic development, the development of the world economy, the economic development of the world, the private sector, the development of production and of the world, the economic development and growth of the world, the growth of production and growth of world, growth of the private sector of the world, global economic development, and economic growth is important to the world. Economic growth, employment, the production and
-
Harruq rammed her with his shoulder.
 To protect her child, the woman rolled so that her side took the brunt of the fall.
 As the half-orc’s blades twirled in the air, the mother kissed her child one last time before curling up around the joy of her life.
 Then the blades fell.
 On the half-orc ran.
 Innocent blood stained his sword as life after life ended.
 Harruq felt no remorse and saw no pain.
 The blood haze of rage and dark magic blocked all.
 Man, woman, child, it didn’t matter.
 They all died.

 the woman... all the half-orc and the child, but the rest of the blood had risen from the fire and dark magic to turn on the half-orc and her child. The woman and the half-orc.<eop> All the blood of the child... the rest of the child’s blood was on the rim of his blade.. the rest of the blood was the woman ’s blood on the rim of her own blade.
-
He fell to his knees and stabbed the old weapons into the dirt.
 The faces of those he had killed danced before his eyes, especially the mother and her child, and the young girl holding her little sister.
 The fear in their eyes.
 The screams.
 The panic.
 Horror.
 “I do what I have to do,” he said again.
 But did the villagers have to die?
 All those children, mothers, sisters, fathers…‌nothing but a test.
 And all those small bodies he left for his brother to mutilate?

 the villagers die?<eop> Why didn’t he tell them that? Did he tell them what he did to kill them? But what did he do to make them kill him? And why didn’t he turn to the village again, and the dirt, and the sloughs, sloughs, ploughs, and the small children, the poor little children, poor those children, poor little children, poor those little children, the poor those little children, the poor that
-
It will require application of a profound understanding of the process of development and transition.
 We believe that a properly conceived effort to draw on the best available knowledge and experience of other countries can generate a transition strategy that avoids the dangers and pitfalls of the initial approach to reform and puts in place the essential foundations for the new system to function effectively and generate benefits for the people before the dawn of the new century.
 In the preceding chapters we have tried to draw attention to the uncommon opportunities that the world presents at the dawn of a new millennium for the abolition of war and the eradication of poverty.
 None will question the desirability of achieving peace, democratic freedoms and prosperity for all.
 But many may doubt the practical feasibility of accomplishing these necessary goals.
 Every great endeavour requires a proportionate investment of energy and resources for its accomplishment.
 The realization of peace and prosperity is no exception.
 What, then, are the resources required for this achievement and where are we to find them?
 The history of civilization is the process of humankind discovering greater and greater resources and learning how to utilize them to acquire higher and higher levels of physical security, productive power and comfort.
 In the earliest phase, these resources were almost exclusively material.

 discovery of medicine, the development of the science of medicine, and later the invention of medicine enabled the development of human health and well being. The exploitation of resources is an aspect of evolution that is inherent to the human race. And this development has been explored in the past in the areas of research, development and technology, science of medicine, research, education, human development, welfare and health.<eop> The history of human development, health, and welfare, includes the development of science and technology, the
-
"Nothing else would be appropriate.
 Not for you, not tonight."
 As we continued forward I was able to make out the other additions to the grotto.
 The hundreds of petals had been joined by a dozen of their potted sisters.
 Their rich, heavenly scent filled the air from scores of perfect, tall buds, and I found myself leaning forward slightly in Alec's arms in an effort to capture more of its essence.
 Alec circled the pool and then stopped before a wooden easel that'd escaped my notice.
 The subtle tinkling of the tiny waterfall behind us was suddenly joined by a slight, but definitely cooling breeze that dove down into the grotto before making its way back out using the path we'd just followed in.
 It didn't seem fair for things to cool off now when it was so inconvenient after so many weeks of oppressive heat.
 I was still musing over the injustice of it all when Alec shifted me around so I was held in just one arm.
 "There's something I'd like you to have.

 me something." He opened his arms to me.<eop> "It looks like you would give me something to have. Give it to me. It wouldn't be that important to me, but it would be important that you would give it to me." We walked down to the pile of fresh roses, orchids and orchids that had been placed on the floor, then again, and then even more orchids. I was finally able to transfer them to my favorite vase to
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 “Clear your mind,” Velixar said to his apprentice.
 “Let the emptiness give you comfort.”
 The wind blew, swirling cold through his ragged clothes.
 Velixar watched his apprentice take several deep breaths.
 “For this spell to work, you must have a significant idea in mind,” he said.
 “Make it bleak and vile.
 If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
 Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.

 ........ ", ", ", ", "...... " a.... ", ".......... ", "..., ".............
-
And as I picture Jesus, I recognize some of His expressions.
 Patience.
 Forgiveness.
 Loyalty.
 Love.
 I spend a while adoring God.
 Nowhere near as much as He deserves.
 But more now than before.
 People
 Something about my vision has changed, much like it did long ago, first when I got knocked out in Las Vegas and awoke overlooking a heavenly forest, and again on the bank of the Tia Juana river the morning after a Billy Graham crusade, when the world turned brighter.

 back to God, as I get more beautiful, more and more and more and more, more and more, more and.., more and more, more and... And I go to God, and I go to the Lord, and I go to the Lord, Jesus, and I go to the Lord, and I go to the Lord, and I go to the Lord, and then I go back to...............
-
Skippy loved it when I’d bring a new song in—we practiced at his house—he had this garage and we covered the old sticky walls with egg cartons.
 Our own little studio.
 Skippy was beautiful, man.
 Full of praise for whatever I wanted to do with the band.
 Not like a sycophant, you know, a toady.
 He just was enthusiastic and every artist needs someone like that.
 I know I do, even today, even now, and it’s Lor, of course.
 She’s my star.
 LE: 	You’d do alright on your own, you know.
 BG:  	I don’t think so.

 N: I don’t think about it, you know. I doubt it. I don’t believe it. I don’t think so, man. I don’t think..’s.’s..’s....’s’...’s......’s.......s..’s.....’s..
-
The elven blade glided through the air, repeatedly feinting and looping wide so that Harruq’s sword danced about for phantom blows.
 Ahrqur let out a mocking laugh, gave him an obvious feint, and then kicked high.
 The foot smashed the bottom of Harruq’s chin, the same sore part Dieredon had hit.
 Harruq staggered back, his sword swinging wildly.
 The elf charged in, knowing he outmatched the half-orc in speed and skill.
 The kill would be his.
 “ _Hemorrhage._ ”
 A sudden purging of blood vessels exploded across Ahrqur’s side.
 The force smashed him into a decorative table.
 He rolled off the broken thing and glanced down at the blood soaking his robe.

 ...... a sword................ a sword, a sword... a sword...............hrqur looked up, and swung his sword wildly across his right arm.<eop> “................ a sword...............
-
He thought his chances were better today.
 He was used to the sword and shield.
 Rodregas stood with his chain mail over his repaired studded leather armor; a long sword and a shield, both from the dead slavers were in his hands.
 The rules were, of course, not to fight to the death.
 A knight stood in the middle of the square and would declare the winner of the match.
 Rodregas’ first opponent looked like a grizzled army veteran; he had a red ribbon and a blue ribbon so he was a man of some skill.
 Rodregas knew he had to do well today or he had no chance.
 He stepped into the square.
 The sands of the ground shifted slightly under his weight as he circled his opponent.
 The veteran was clearly taking him seriously, going in slowly with his knees bent and his feet keeping active.

 the man stood in the middle of the square ring, armed with a spear in his shorts. Rodregas stood in the ring, alert and ready to go to the fight. Rodregas walked into the square ring on the next day. The man stood in the middle of the ring between the sand of the ground and the sand of the ground against the ground. Rodregas stood in the ring between the ground and sands of the ground again. The man stood in the ring to
-
The right of veto should be rescinded with respect to this most crucial issue.
 A time-bound plan should be drawn up by the UN for complete and total nuclear disarmament by all nations.
 Ban on ballistic missiles
 Nuclear devices are the most lethal class of weapons, but much of their threat arises from the development of ballistic missile technology which can deliver them to distant targets unmanned and without risk to the aggressor.
 Even if nuclear weapons are eliminated, these vehicles can be utilized to carry large conventional payloads that strike terror in a distant population.
 The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional warheads.
 This proposal, first put forth by US President Reagan in 1986, would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some, while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.
 It would also eliminate the need for missile defence systems, which no nation can afford and which are the only possible defence against ballistic missile weapons.
 The ban on use should be followed by urgent measures to dismantle and scrap this entire class of weapons worldwide.
 Technically, a prohibition on testing and deployment of ballistic missiles would be far more verifiable than any limits on nuclear proliferation.

 , a ban on the use of nuclear weapons in N.C. Ban on nuclear weapons is the final step in the process of nuclear disarmament. But a ban on nuclear weapons is the end result of the disarmament of nuclear weapons. Thus, the elimination of ballistic missile technology and its associated military capability will be the goal of the establishment of an immediate ban on nuclear weapons.<eop> Ban on use of ballistic nuclear weapons in N.C. will require a total ban on the use of ballistic nuclear weapons in
-
The elaborate robe and tassels of a decorated council member blocked my way and the fear returned.
 “Elfreda.” I cautiously dipped my head in respect.
 “Juniper Fountain has received the calling.” I stared at him in disbelief, stuttering out a, “Wha—” But then I caught myself, because I had heard clear enough.
 The more important question was, “When?” He grimaced at my disrespectful manner.
 “Not long.” Not long?
 Not long ago?
 Not long from now?
 I felt sick.
 I knew I was testing his patience, but I had to keep pushing.
 “Where?” His mouth tightened.

 to me. “It’s not right. No, no,” I stuttered, “Oh,” His mouth tightened again, “Where, oh, did he called to me? “Oh, “, “ “Oh, “, “ “He called me,” I knew he was in him, I saw his eyes, I saw him in me, in his face, the tone he used in his eyes, in the tone he gave in his voice, felt him in me.
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 “Where did you get the bruises?” Qurrah asked when Harruq returned to their squalid home.
 “Practicing,” Harruq said.
 “We have anything to eat?”
 His brother motioned to a small plate of bacon and some eggs still in their shells.
 “Wonderful.”
 The smaller half-orc watched his brother wolf down the meal.
 “Would you accompany me into madness?” he asked.
 Harruq gave him a funny look, half a piece of bacon still hanging in his mouth.

 ....”............... with a......,....... of his teeth.. “......,....”...,....... with the............ of his teeth, spulsing his stomach, and beating the hell out of his
-
A few minutes later, I stumbled into my mom’s classroom at La Mesa Junior High School, while Billy and Cliff waited in my car.
 My mom was lecturing about prepositions.
 After a minute, she issued a reading assignment, followed me to a patio behind her room, and collapsed onto the picnic bench when I told her Eric was dead.
 “Oh God,” she moaned.
 “Not again.” Cliff, Billy and I drove to their home.
 We spent an hour or so on an art project they were creating.
 They intended to draw a million small circles, just to see what a million looked like.
 Taking turns, we drew about 20,000.
 Evelyn, their mom, kept appearing, offering food.
 Sometime before dark I left and wandered alone, toward and up a hill called Eastridge that overlooked our school, along a street of vacant lots, sometimes escaping into in my usual obsessions about Karen Flagstad or whether I should play baseball or golf that spring.

 the next morning, I was in my school, and then I tried to find a place to stay. I looked around. I appeared to be in a house and in the middle of there was a silo and a storage shed was in the middle of the lot. After I worked myself up, walked around the silo, and down the vacant lot, I found a place and toward the end of the day I was in a nice row house. It was a good time.<eop>
-
Not until enough of the undead had been massacred.
 He readied his bow, his strong legs the only thing holding him to Sonowin.
 Three arrows pressed against the string of the bow, their tips dipped in holy water.
 His quiver, as was the quiver of every elf flying alongside him, contained water given to them by their clerics of Celestia.
 When their arrows bit into dead flesh, it would be like fire on a dry leaf.
 “Let no life lost this night be in vain!” Dieredon cried as they descended like a white river, raining arrows into the darkness.
 More than two hundred moving forms halted after that one pass, but a thousand more swayed in their sick, distracting dance.
 “One free pass,” Velixar said, observing the flight of elves as they swarmed overhead.
 They banked around, still in perfect formation, and then dove again.
 “Kill them now!” he ordered, his fingers crooking into strange shapes.

 ...... darted toward the ground.............. flew up to set the arrows on the ground. Every other elf........................ stared into the arrows and watched. One, Two, Three............ ran from the top of his head to his neck.
-
“I will keep my word, Antonil,” he said.
 “Fly back to the others, Sonowin, we will battle this day.” The horse snorted, making Dieredon laugh.
 “No, I am sure you won’t be hurt.” Sonowin banked, giving the elf one last view of the battle before soaring east to where the rest of the Quellan elves waited atop their magnificent pegasi.
 His horse neighed a quick question, one Dieredon wished he could laugh at.
 “Everyone can be killed,” he said, tying his hair behind his head.
 “And no, I have no plans of breaking my ribs again.”
 The horse made an interesting little noise, one Dieredon had long ago learned was laughter.
 He smacked her rump, earning himself an angry neigh.
 “Fly on.
 You don’t want to miss the fun, do you?”

 oar and put a paw on her rump again, “I will, Sonowin.” His horse snorted. “Oh yes, they will be waiting for me.” He laughed again. She blushed.<eop> “Now, just... go back to them.” He dropped down to the floor, taking in the battles and the roars of the horses. He put his hands on his sword and... while the rest of the elves waited on the
-
The hood of the cloak was drawn over my head, Chevelle standing a good distance away, facing the trees.
 I was watching him as two men drew near.
 I hadn’t seen them; they must have been concealed, or camouflaged by magic as I had been days before.
 The tassels decorating their long robes identified them as members of council, but I wasn’t familiar with the two.
 They mustn’t have been from the village.
 As they approached Chevelle cautiously, I examined their insignia.
 Even if they weren’t from the village, I still needed council members to unbind me, and I had a sudden urge to go to them.
 But I remembered my warning to be still.
 “She’s not going back.” Chevelle’s tone, level and uncompromising, caught my attention.
 I pushed the hood back to better hear and the taller figure glared at me as he hissed, “You’re protecting her when you know what she’s capable of?” I flinched at his words, but something else had caught my eye.

 was stirring in my stomach, and I pushed the back of the hood again to look at Chevelle. He looked down at the cloak again and said, “No, she’s not...” Chevelle looked into his eyes and started to speak. I leaned back with my hands, my fists clenched, my head resting firmly on the hairy side of my neck. I was feeling intense heat in my body as I pulled the back of the first layer of two men’s robe
-
Apparently it wasn't cool to be caught inside a classroom more than fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 It was a sign of just how far removed from reality I was that he was able to sit down in the other corner before I even realized he'd stepped through the door.
 I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.
 Only the bell should have rung by now, and it hadn't.
 I looked up at the clock and it confirmed that there was still at least a minute before class started.
 A slight rustle to my right brought my head around, and I looked up to find Alec smiling at me.
 I couldn't remember for sure if he'd ever smiled at me before, but I found myself suddenly positive he hadn't.
 I would have remembered such a strangely innocent expression.
 Brandon's smile was one of the most genuine I'd ever seen, the kind of thing that only the most deceptive person could possibly pull off and not mean.
 Alec's smile was like the first bloom on a flower, something so new, so unpracticed that there wasn't any possible way it was anything other than sincere.

 's smile wasn't fake or fake or fake, it was completely genuine, and it was the first smile I'd ever been introduced to.<eop> I studied his face, and it was obvious that it was not the look of a genuine smile, it was actually the innocence and innocentness of a kid's smile. There was so much to a genuine smile... and there wasn't. I didn't know about it... but I didn'
-
We see all this stuff and the desire to have some gets aroused and commercials come on and convince us we need it all, until we’re beyond debt and into distress.” Olga wears jeans and T-shirts.
 “That’s all I own.
 They’re comfortable, they last.
 I just bought two new pairs of jeans for $16 each, and they’ll last two years.
 To me, the key to living well is living in a way that gives an opportunity for appreciating nature and friends and taking time for prayer and writing and helping people.
 And unless you inherit a pile of money, the way to live like that is to not want a lot of stuff.
 Most stuff is just clutter.
 But our culture feeds the desire to own or consume until what we think we need makes us greedy.
 “The Bible says that we should work so we’ll have something to share with people in need.
 I can work for a few days a week and by not letting myself want a bunch of stuff, I can have money to give away.

 ........ I................. I........... I....................................................., I......
-
You've said he doesn't spend much time with you because he works so much.
 That's ridiculous.
 If he loved you, he'd make time for you.
 If you were mine, I'd leave the office every evening as soon as I could.
 If you were mine, I would want to spend every minute of every day with you, and I'd want to hold you every chance I got.
 If you were mine--"   He stopped, realizing how agitated he was getting and how chagrined Marie looked.
 "I'm sorry," he told her.
 "I didn't mean to get so excited.
 I just really care about you, and I don't want you to mistake infatuation for love and end up hurt."
 They finished their yogurt in silence.

 up, and went to the counter, smiling. "You know what I mean," Marie said "She doesn't want you to get hurt."<eop> He said, "You know I do. I know you, and I love you. I care about you. I love you, and I want more for you. I love you, I love you, and I love you. I love you, I love you. I know you are a friend to me,
-
You were everywhere I looked.
 In my class, at lunch, even in my dreams.
 I couldn't get away from you."
 I felt my heart skip another beat.
 Everything good that I'd attributed to Brandon had been Alec all along.
 I didn't understand what I'd seen a few hours ago, but he wasn't a monster.
 The amount of hurt in his voice took him out of the category of frightening.
 I moved a little closer.
 "Do you still want me to leave?"
 "Do you want to leave?

 ' " " " " "" " " " " " " " " "'"" " """ " "" " " ""." "" "" " "" " "" " '" ""'" ""'" ""' " " "
-
The basement, the table is in the forefront now.
 Jim is still reading Sumo Assassin while lying on a couch at the edge of the stag.
 The other characters bring in the various courses and implements necessary for Thanksgiving dinner.
 Slowly everyone else trickles in, starting with Art and Karen.
 Art – (Shouts) Jim where are you?
 Jim – (Sits up) Right here, where I’ve been for the last twenty minutes.
 Art – Why haven’t you been helping out?
 Jim – Um, because there were already a bunch of people.
 And you didn’t need any more to get in the way.
 Besides, I wanted to catch up with Sumo here.

 – Well, you didn’t need me to bring anything else. You needed to bring the... the...... the.......... the......... the.................. the.......................
-
Some of his worst memories were from his time down in the dungeon.
 Too many terrible deeds had occurred there, not that he had done many of them himself, but he had not been able to stop them.
 He could have tried to stop the terrible things that had happened, but he had simply chosen to survive instead.
 He knew the depth of his lack of true courage from his years of failure to act before now.
 He went through the guardroom and was happy to see that Captain Poir had followed orders; there was no sign of the eight or so prisoners, including his rescued AElfin maiden.
 He stared at the problem in the largest cell.
 There, sprawled on the floor, were the two female Dire Cats that had been used to trap the Celestial lion.
 Rodregas swore that as soon as he looked at the cats, they were already looking at him straight in the eye.
 The large green eyes demanded something of him even as the animals lay in apparent complete relaxation, sprawled on the stone floor.
 He had to let them out, but how was he going to do that?

 the way to the...... to the............ to the Dire Cats........... to the Dire Cats, you're going to go to the... going to the..................................
-
Is it okay if you just start at the same time you did last night?"
 She accepted my nod at face value, but then paused in the act of turning away.
 "Is there anything wrong?
 You seemed awfully distracted in class today."
 My headshake wasn't very convincing.
 I'd known it wouldn't be, but couldn't manage anything more.
 It was a relief when she chose not to press for more information.
 By the time people started trickling out and my shift started, I'd spent plenty of time watching Britney pout, and very little time actually working on my homework.
 I think it was really starting to sink in that she wasn't going to be able to get out of continuing to spend most of her afternoons here.
 Albert, Mrs. Campbell, and the other tutor all waved goodbye as they left.

 't know if she was going to go to class again, or not anymore, and asked if she thought she was going to keep working at the computer. "", she answered, "..................."""".................."""......"I don't know...
-
“The problem is… meddling with the bindings, meddling with your mind is… well, it’s dangerous.” And there it was.
 “Dangerous,” I repeated.
 They let me consider that for a moment.
 They were being careful with me, didn’t want to upset me.
 I tried to ease them.
 “So we go back to the village and…” They shared an uncomfortable glance, and then, “Not High Council, Freya.
 Grand Council.” Oh, right.
 The ones who were trying to capture me.
 The ones who want to burn me.
 Their cautious demeanor made more sense now.

 do it?” I asked. They nodded again.<eop> “Yes, they repeated again. “I do... So we go back to the village. So we go back to town. So I go out... And I... Well, I go out the door. And I put all my bindings in my hands. I... I just... So I went back, went back to the village. I went back, went back to the village.
-
She probably would've spent even longer with me, but Mom called, so Dominic slipped out to give me some privacy.
 I fielded something like a hundred questions about school, reassured her two or three times that she wasn't a terrible mother, and promised yet again to stay one hundred percent out of trouble while she was gone.
 I was beginning to wonder if I was ever going to get off the phone when she finally decided, ultra-late shoot tomorrow or not, she'd better go to bed.
 By the time I finally finished up the rest of my studying, decided I was ready for my catch-up test in Mrs. Campbell's class tomorrow, and spent a few minutes with Rachel, I was well and truly exhausted.
 I thought about going back to the Lilac Room, but it would've just been because I was worried about what everyone else was thinking.
 I'd been raised to believe good little girls didn't spend the night with boys.
 Not even boys who were so gentlemanly it was sometimes painful.
 I still believed that, but my desire to be with Alec had devoured the parts of my brain that used logic and reason to decide things.
 I wanted to be with him while he slept, even if it was only for a couple of hours.
 Everyone in the pack already knew I'd spent the night.

 didn't wanted to be with him, I............................ I could've been sleeping.<eop> I barely slept through the last part of the night. I was tired. I was angry. It was important that Alec and Rachel would be together, but it was important for me to have fun with Alec. It was important that I was supposed to spend time with him
-
BG:  	Shit, what was it, Lor?
 Three weeks, a month.
 LE: 	About 9 weeks, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
 CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.

 , something like that. CM: LE: Well, hell yeah, Lor. What was it, right?<eop> BG: Well, well, yes.<eop> LE: I was for a long time. I had a mental disorder and was affected by a sexual disorder. I had a physical disorder. I was so happy, right? BG: Well, um, most of the time, I was very happy, I mean, well, I... I was
-
A split second after I'd closed the door I heard the heavy wooden outer door open.
 Normally that wouldn't have caused me to even pause in my normal routine, but it suddenly felt as if the stall was too small.
 "I told you to stay away from him, you stupid whore."
 I didn't recognize the voice for all that I felt like I should.
 It was a snarling alto that even distorted by anger had traces of smooth velvet, the kind of voice guys occasionally fantasized about, when they weren't thinking about other, less subtle, feminine features.
 Something hit the stall next to me, hard enough to leave dents.
 I was scared, I should have been terrified, but I was too busy trying to breathe.
 It was like the air had become thick, and although the fine strands of hair on the back of my neck hadn't moved, it felt like they should be standing on end.
 I heard indistinct sobbing, and then the voice returned and made me shiver.
 The sensation started somewhere on my back, and traveled forward like it was clawing to get out of my face.

 to try to reach out, I did, but the voice refused to take my hand.... It didn't even want to move. It was trying.... I didn't know it yet, but it was a kind of voice that knew it was trying to get to me. I just needed to breathe. I needed to be able to.<eop> Luckily, the inside of the stall was already full of air, so it was easier to breathe in. It was just
-
But it wasn’t anything important.” “You didn’t turn down another racquetball game because of me, did you?”  His refusing the game had both thrilled her and made her feel guilty.
 “No—no racquetball game.”  When she quirked an eyebrow at him, he admitted, “A brunch.” Her eyes widened.
 “Are you seeing a young lady?
 Rick, I—“ “No, no.”  He sat down beside her.
 “She’s just a friend.
 We’ve gone out a few times.” “Still, I don’t want to disrupt your life.
 You should accept her invitation.” “I don’t want to.
 I’d rather be with you.” She smiled and leaned over to kiss his cheek, but she could no longer concentrate on her book.
 How could it be that a man she’d known only a week wanted to be with her all the time when she’d gone four or five days at a time without seeing the man to whom she was betrothed?
 Could it be that Davis’ job was harder than Rick’s?

 had already been with her, and Davis had failed. Rick didn’t hurt her, but she didn’t care. His job was to care. He didn’t just help her he didn’t try to protect her. His job was to protect her. He wasn’t trying to help her, but his job was to keep her safe. He’d do anything to protect her. Part of his job was to hurt her, and that’s not Rick’s job.
-
I'll get you some old movies to watch."
 "Get me some?"
 "Yeah--we'll rent some."
 "Rent?"
 "Yeah--there are stores where you can pay a couple of dollars and take the movie home for the night."
 "Really?"
 He smiled, taking her hand and squeezing it.
 "I'll find something good--`Gone With the Wind,' `Casablanca.'
 Classics."
 "Can we go get them now?"

 .".""."""""" """""".."""."".""""".".".".""."""".."" ".""."""..""."...""".""""".""..""".."...."....".
-
The dobro is holy.
 I have a teacher, a guy out here, you’ve never heard of him—he’s done some studio stuff, but mostly he just plays for himself and his students.
 He lives up in the hills, inherited money from, what was it, adding machines or some office supply.
 He’s an office supply heir.
 Anyway, he’s teaching me dobro.
 It’s a discipline, like any other.
 I love the dobro but, never, never would I claim to be master of it.
 CM:  	I’ve got a review here of Rain and Other Distractions.
 BG: (	laughs, garbled comment)
 CM:  	“Gardner seems content,” it says, “to wallow in the worst kind of self-pitying schmaltz, the kind of thing that Lennon kept McCartney away from, or Simon from Garfunkel.

 to me that that’s impossible to be a "serious" musician.<eop> BG: : : “No, that’s not so, I don’t not know, it’s not a contradiction, it’s contrary to the spirit of the way you write about it. It’s not very good, not that kind of thing, but by the time I’ve listened to it, I get the feeling that you’re not good at it.<eop>
-
The pull of fragmentation cannot be countered solely at the political level.
 Education – both formal and public – is the best means for rapidly communicating and imparting the benefits of integration to the largest numbers of people.
 In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
 In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
 The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
 The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
 The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
 International level
 1.Shift resources from defence to human resource development: Worldwide, massive investment is needed to improve the quantity and quality of education and training.

 in the quantity of the development, it is necessary for the huge investment to improve the quantity of the education, the quality of the education and training, the quality and efficiency of the training, training in the education, and the quality of the training, and therefore it is needed for the increasing efficiency of the human resource development. 2. It is not sufficient to increase investments in the quantity of the human resource development, and 3. massive investment is needed to increase the quality of of education and training.
-
BG:  	Hey, daddy, how do you know Wild Man?
 Oh, wait, I mentioned him.
 Are you diddling me?
 He’s Zappa’s Frankenstein monster.
 (laughs)  Crazy guy, street corner singer.
 CM: 	Fleetwood Mac.
 BG: 	Peter Green’s group, right?
 They’re hip.
 Green’s great.
 CM: 	Buddy Holly.

 .............. The Dead....HM: The Dead. M..M: The Living Dead..... (Laughs)...... laughs......... Instable Dead. CM: The Rock and Roll Roller................(laughs) The
-
It smells like coconut pie."
 She rubbed it all over her exposed skin and then stretched out on her stomach.
 Rick took the bottle.
 "I'll rub some on your back."
 "Oh."
 She hadn't even thought about that.
 He rubbed lotion into her smooth, flawless skin.
 She was so small that when he used both hands, they almost completely covered her back.
 He liked touching her, and he spent so much time rubbing her back that he was afraid she was growing suspicious.
 But she hadn't uttered a single word.

 it on her stomach. "I'll put it in milk," he said. He rubbed the lotion into the cream and the butter, brown and creamy, smooth. He massaged it into the milk. He rubbed it back into the butter and the milk. He rubbed it into the cream and the milk, brown and creamy. He added the cream, the milk, and the butter, the cream again. He rubbed it into the butter and milk, the cream."<eop>
-
“Stupid elfie,” he said, gingerly touching the arrow in his neck.
 Not knowing what else to do, he closed his hand about the shaft and pulled.
 A minute later, still lying in agonizing pain, the half-orc managed to pry open one of his healing potions.
 He gulped the swirling blue-silver contents and then tossed the vial.
 Ripping the other arrow out of his side, he felt a warm, soothing sensation fill his body.
 “Are you alright?” he heard a raspy voice ask from atop the stairs.
 “Yeah, I’m fine.
 Just had to take care of something here.”
 He trudged down the stairs to where Qurrah waited.
 “How many did you kill?” the necromancer asked.

 the head and the shoulder. Qurrah nodded on the head. He pointed a second arrow into his shoulder. Next, he pointed a third arrow in a small area of bone. He took the arrow out of the bone and stabbed it again, and then cut it on the side with a knife. He stabbed it in the head and side. Pulling back, he pointed it again in the bone on the other side, a third arrow.<eop> The man put it over his head. “I
-
The tram they rode crossed a bridge that shook as if it would collapse, and she screamed, clutching Rick's arm.
 A giant shark swam up to the tram as it crossed a river, and as they later emerged from a forest, it began raining, and a flood rushed toward them.
 With so many children on the tram, Marie knew that these "disasters" were just tricks, but she was still glad she could huddle in Rick's arms when the tram seemed to be in danger.
 "You're not afraid of heights, are you, sweetheart?"
 Rick asked as they stood in line to ride the "E.T."
 ride.
 "No.
 I don't think so.
 This doesn't go higher than our airplane, does it?"
 Rick laughed.

 , """,""","",""",""","""",""",""""","""",""",""",""""",""""","""","""","""","""","",""",""","",""","
-
The door to the top of Raven Tower was large and deeply carved in intricate designs and runes.
 Though as a youth Rodregas had trained in the basics of magic, a secret he was careful not to share, the magical runes were far beyond his understanding.
 He led the prisoners through the door and walked out onto the top of the tower.
 The circular roof was flat and open to the sky.
 The only covering was the landing for the stairs in the East corner.
 The cool night air refreshed his spirits somewhat.
 Before the prisoners could look around, he shoved them to the right side and strode over to Ravenhurr, who was peering into the night sky through a long tube with tiny glass panes at each end.
 Ravenhurr loved to boast that the tube brought the stars closer to him.
 He was never one to hurry about anything, at least not before tonight.
 At that moment, though, his lean body quivered with excitement.

 pulled his rod to the side. He knelt down and pulled the other end from the end of his rod and went to the door. He walked to the side and looked at the door while he was in the room. He pulled the other end end of his rod to the side. It was a long length, and it took the other end of the rod from the door. He hoped that it would lead him to the far end of the dungeons. He pulled the other
-
You can add that to the list.” “You just love to insult me,” Seth grinned.
 “Is it your new hobby?” “It will be if you keep annoying me,” I fought the urge to punch him again.
 He just rolled his eyes at me.
 He really is the most annoying person I've ever met besides Emily and myself.
 Wow, he was going to have us both beat.
 “I'm sorry to interrupt your playful banter, but are we actually looking for a place in particular or just some random cave?” Emily's annoyed voice asked us from behind.
 “Yes, just a random cave or a place to stay.
 Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
 “Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?

 asked from from behind. “Oh yes, I can find the place to stay.........I have to find it. I have to find the way out,” I said and nodded my head. “Yes, but I would have to leave the forest”...Oh, how do you know that?” I asked, but “I know you can find the way out” he pointed to the trees and led us to the other side."Oh..
-
He looked up and briefly met my eyes when I reached my desk, but there wasn't even a trace of acknowledgment in his gaze.
 Mrs. Alexander started class, reviewed a couple of points that other groups needed clarified, and then released us to work on our assignments.
 I waited several seconds for Alec to make some kind of move, and then with a flash of anger stood and carried my things over to the desk next to his.
 I nearly jumped when he opened his mouth.
 "You'll want to review page 89.
 It contains most of the relevant formulas.
 We'll need to know exactly how they work.
 We'll be given an unknown weight, an unknown number of pulleys, and expected to move it all with the most efficient arrangement possible."
 It almost didn't seem like he was talking to me.
 There was no emotion in his voice, no gentle teasing; he didn't even meet my eyes.

 "."."."...."""."..".""".."".."..."...".".""..""...."".".."...."."""".""""..."""."....."."...".."."."
-
Liz – Lonely.
 (They embrace and kiss)
 Jim – I’ve missed you.
 Liz – I’ve missed you too, it’s about time you came back to visit.
 Jim – I’ve been busy, classes are a bit tougher this year.
 Liz – Finally going to graduate, you sure took your sweet time.
 Jim – I was enjoying myself, besides when in life would I ever get the chance to take a class about the history of early Mayan painting and sculpture.
 Liz – You actually took that class?
 Jim – Yeah, they gave me four credits to sleep for an hour a day.
 It was the greatest class ever.

 I – I – I – I Yeah, I – I – I Yeah– I – I – I Yeah, I – I I – I I I – I – I was up to the challenge of that class. Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim – Shoes. Jim – Jim Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim
-
I tend not to worry about it all that much, but Alec fears it's a sign of deeper problems.
 I generally humor him and leave the heavy lifting for his visits, and we both pretend he doesn't know about the small garden I keep in a nearby cave."
 I opened my mouth, but just simply didn't know what to say.
 The horror of being trapped in a body that was riddled with old injuries was something thousands of people faced every day, but it seemed even more of a shame for someone who'd once been so vital and strong.
 Mallory's smile held only the faintest hint of regret.
 "No need to feel sorry for me.
 I've had a good run.
 A much better one than most of my friends did.
 If I haven't managed to accomplish what I was sent down to do in the course of almost a hundred and fifty years, then I've nobody to blame but myself."
 "Still, I'm sorry.

 "Yes, Alec, you are worse than you ever looked...." and it was very obvious that I was just not wanting to feel sorry for myself.<eop> "Still, I know you haven't been running well," Mallory continued." "I really knew what to say."<eop> "I'm sorry I-" "I just..." "I don't, Alec, there's no way to say it.
-
Shaking my head in amazement at Rachel's unfailing optimism, I turned to thank Alec for the ride.
 He was scowling a little again, which almost made me get out without saying anything.
 My thanks received only a nod in return, and then Rachel was waving goodbye as they backed down the lane.
 The Jeep was gone, of course.
 I wiped away the beginnings of perspiration as I climbed our steps.
 It was still hot enough outside that I knew it was going to be miserable inside.
 By the time I reached the door I was contemplating just finding a decent tree and spending the afternoon outside.
 The sight of a white envelope, barely visible against the off-white door, was enough to drive those thoughts out of my head.
 It had my name on the side that'd been facing the door.
 I pulled it down as I walked inside the house.

 my eyes, I opened the door and saw Alec in the doorway. As as soon as I carried the envelope back to the door I was terrified again. I was still carrying it with me, but there was no way to open it. I carried the envelope back and out the door. Alec was still inside the house, and my parents had just been sitting in the armchair at the table and Rachel, with me, at the back of him. The minute I reached the door the envelope was
-
“Not long.” Not long?
 Not long ago?
 Not long from now?
 I felt sick.
 I knew I was testing his patience, but I had to keep pushing.
 “Where?” His mouth tightened.
 “That is council business, Elfreda.
 That is Juniper Fountain’s path, not your own.” He stepped aside and rolled his hand to encourage me out.
 “Make your way.” I pushed past him feverishly, starting toward town.
 But I quickly recalled the incident at the library and turned, heading toward home.

 .............I can’t........... I can’t......<eop> When I returned to the library’s path, I was beyond exhausted. I needed to get home.......<eop> What I am going to do, when I get home....., this is what I have to do, when I get home....
-
"Alec's a good leader.
 Maybe the best.
 This kind of exercise would be impossible in nearly any other pack, but it's the only thing that's kept us alive in the face of Brandon's larger pack."
 I didn't want her to say anything she wasn't supposed to, especially not if Alec was having as hard of a time controlling the anger that seemed to be part and parcel of the new shapes everyone was wearing, but I was desperate to start understanding some of what was going on.
 Dominic must've looked away from the fight long enough to see the questions on my face.
 "It's hard to understand just how important the pack structure is.
 The question of who is dominant and who is subordinate drives so much of what we do.
 Even so, it's not nearly as bad as other packs, other places.
 Alec's established clear dominance to everyone else here, but he still probably couldn't make his gentler rules stick if it weren't for the fact that Isaac backs him almost without question."
 The object of our discussion was currently backing away from James while trying to keep Jessica from circling around behind him.

 .""..." """"...""" """"" ""..."""" """"" the"..""""""" """""""""""""...""".. """" ""...""""" ""..""..."
-
“The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
 I will punish all of their ignorance.”
 “Tomorrow night, come to me,” Velixar said.
 “I have much to discuss and you have much to learn.”
 Qurrah stood and bowed before his new master.
 “I will be here,” he said.
 “And I will be ready.”
 “Go.” Velixar waved his hand, and Qurrah obeyed.
 Harruq was still snoring when Qurrah returned to bed.
 If he had not been so preoccupied, he would have noticed the slight irregularity of the snoring and the exaggerated movements of his brother’s chest.

 himself, and laid back on the bed. When he rested, Velixar turned back to his room.<eop> “............., the....... the... the.................................................
-
Britney looked like she had all kinds of things that she'd like to say, but she showed more restraint that I'd realized she was capable of, and kept them all inside.
 "Please explain this one then."
 I ran through three different examples of the same problem before she got it, but thirty minutes later she was finally working on her homework for the first time I'd ever seen.
 I was surprised just how satisfying it was.
 Maybe I should become a teacher.
 Rachel caught my eye before I made it back to my table.
 She gave me another tentative smile as I slid into the seat next to her.
 "I'm really sorry about yesterday.
 I said all of the wrong things.
 It's just I'm not supposed to talk about what Alec says."

 ......................................... "....... it's..............................................
-
"While I appreciate the sentiment, it really is far too late to secure absolution by bringing me the girl."
 His voice had changed, becoming deeper and harsher, with elements that didn't sound like they could come from any human throat.
 He stepped forward, and I felt my chest seize up.
 The transformation I'd sensed the beginnings of at the dance had run its course now and any question as to why someone as cultured as Brandon would associate with a near-psychopath like Vincent was put to rest.
 He was shaking now, quivering with the need to kill, and I realized that it didn't matter whether the darkness inside Brandon had created Vincent or just attracted him to orbit in his sphere like a small moon.
 It was enough to know that Vincent's was the lesser evil.
 "Adri is here solely as a witness."
 Alec's voice was huskier than normal, but still carried most of its velvety perfection.
 As I looked at him, I realized I wasn't feeling any power arcing from him.
 Everything centered on him now, but he wasn't adding to the storm.

 I have all the feelings of regret for bringing me the girl, but really, it's a good thing he saved her and let me know that he'd never hurt her. I looked back to Brandon and I was still in the dark, still quivering, shaking, and angry. Alec was... more like a shadow, and I didn't see it. I turned to look at his face and he spoke again. "I,...
-
More from Melissa Wright:
 The Frey Saga Frey Pieces of Eight Molly (a short story) Rise of the Seven Venom and Steel
 Descendants Series Bound by Prophecy Shifting Fate Reign of Shadows
 Shattered Realms King of Ash and Bone
 Visit the Author on the web at www.melissa-wright.com
 
 * Table of Contents Table of Contents{{{1 ### CONTENTS
 [Title Page](Chapter_title.html)
 [Books by David Dalglish](Chapter_other_books.html)
 [Map](Chapter_map.html)

 Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table  Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table Table
-
But that is one of the valuable life skills that I learned under my mother’s tutelage.
 Jim – Might come in handy one day, maybe your true calling is to open a bar, and fleece customers out of their money in fixed drinking contests.
 Liz – Maybe, and maybe you can be my tough but honest bouncer.
 Jim – Could I carry a sword or something?
 Liz – Would you use it?
 Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
 Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
 Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.

 – So, I’d like a ride to the s.....? Jim –...............<eop> Jim – Jim.............. Jim –..........,.............<eop> Jim – You just want to be
-
Yet there are no corpses.”
 The corpses had been taken.
 Or made to walk again.
 “The man with infinite faces,” Dieredon concluded.
 Another thought came to him.
 “Or was it you, Qurrah Tun?”
 He raced back to Woodhaven, his mind decided.
 It was time he had a talk with one of the brothers Tun.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 that was the face,...................... that that face was God, and that the face was the face, and that the face was God, and that face was the wise face of the man, the face of the wise man, the face of the man, the face of the face. The face
-
I would have been sure not to trust her, but she was traveling with us.
 It was probably best not to tell her, of all people, that I had no clue where I was or where I was going.
 I needed to stay on this path, now more than ever.
 Chevelle’s words rolled through my mind.
 He thought I wouldn’t give up because I’d seen the map.
 Something about that nagged at me, but Ruby waited while I searched for a response.
 Chevelle opened the door and I knew I was saved from at least that much.
 When he saw me, he was struck still.
 I had forgotten Ruby’s “treatments” until she squealed in delight at his response.
 He composed his face again, but she’d already marked him.

 into my mind and I tried not to, but he was not there. He was not listening to me. I needed to stop. First, I needed to get back to Ruby. I needed to find her. I needed to find her alone. She needed to help me. Ruby to help me. I could trust her. I could trust her to help me. Trust her to help me. I trusted her to see me through. That is what I knew that I needed to do. That
-
“We do not deserve what you have given us.”
 “You will earn your gifts in time.
 Ahrqur is a skilled swordsman.
 The armor, weapons, and strength I have granted you will make you near invincible.
 Do not fail.”
 Velixar turned his attention to Qurrah.
 “Give me your hand,” he said, and the thin half-orc obeyed.
 Velixar closed his eyes and whispered a few brief words.
 Qurrah’s head jerked suddenly, and his eyes flared open.
 Velixar released his hand as the half-orc murmured.

 ixar quickly closed his eyes, and held out his hand to the man..................... “...............................................................
-
