CM:  	Do you know why that could be?
 BG:  	No.
 CM: 	It seems that Black Lung was breaking up from the very beginning.
 In its beginnings is its end.
 BG:  	Everything perishes from an excess of its first principle.
 I forget who said that.
 But, that’s right.
 We were dead the day we formed.
 But that’s right, that’s process, that’s life.
 Read The Upanishads.

t, that’s right. But is death to us92m,0m a bit too much. That is death to the entire whole world. That is death to it, a little too much. That is death too much for us.<eop> It seems that Black Lung was<sep><cls>
-
Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.
 "While I can't for a moment understand why you've chosen to befriend Britney, I can't fault you on your willingness to help her despite her flaws."
 I should have been overjoyed I wasn't in trouble.
 Instead I felt guilty for being given far more credit than I deserved.
 I opened my mouth to object, but was waved back into silence.
 "Obviously I don't want you to make disrupting my class a habit, but that isn't why I wanted to talk to you.
 Your studies are coming along nicely, and I've heard quite a few good things about you from other sources, so I'd like to offer you a job."
 Now that I had a chance to talk, I wasn't sure what to say.
 Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.
 Mrs. Campbell gave me a tired smile.

ou find another opportunity to meet with players, then probably not me." I said.<eop><eod> She smiled harshly at me, conscious of my absence as well as its "shock effect," and she turned to her equally chilly - warm - sans92m-0mconditioner<sep><cls>
-
I mean, here she is.
 My be-all and end-all.
 I realize outsiders can’t understand—they see, what, witchcraft or some kind of nefarious necromancy at work.
 Shit, man, it’s love.
 You know, LOVE?
 I wrote that song because Lorelei changed my life.
 It’s like “Julia”, you know, the Lennon song?
 Julia as all-women.
 That’s Lor.
 She’s the feminine principle, the earth-mother, female rain, Moon Goddess.

, love. I mean, of course, you know, from Lorelei, time and time again. I mean92m,0m because Lorelei has always provided that beauty and such large family and those friendship and all-daughter deal-making. Because Lorelei is such a good mother. Because I<cls>
-
And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.
 That’s just so right.
 CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?
 BG: 	No.
 CM:  	You didn’t—
 BG:  	Influenced me?
 No.
 He didn’t influence me.
 I loved the cat, man.
 That’s enough isn’t it?

was Hendrix who our trained a few years before I ever got it. BG: I mean, it wasn’t he, I I mean, it was the cat I, I mean, old.<eop>92m 0mMR: Oh yeah, war on chicken man. Oh, cow<sep><cls>
-
This notion is contradicted by the experience and practice of every major market economy in the world.
 Government plays a critically important role in defining and protecting property rights, ensuring competitive conditions, controlling monopolies, regulating foreign trade, establishing and enforcing quality standards, safeguarding the rights of investors and consumers, preserving the environment from over-exploitation and pollution, encouraging investment, and upholding the rights of employees to minimum wages, safe working conditions and social security in the case of lay-offs.
 The policies that have made possible the most successful recent development initiatives of nations around the world, especially in Japan and the newly industrialized nations of the Pacific Rim, do not support the argument for unregulated free market forces.
 These countries combined freedom for entrepreneurial initiative, private property and market prices with care fully crafted industrial policies and tightly controlled foreign trade and investment practices to nurture and protect nascent industries and restrict foreign investment.
 At the same time, they organized the importation of foreign technology on a massive scale.
 They utilized import tariffs, export incentives, tax relief and other mechanisms to guide development of their domestic economies.
 The reform programme involved the dismantling of most of the administrative mechanisms by which an economy can be monitored and controlled by government.
 In place of free market conditions, organized crime and corruption became rampant.
 In seeking to reject thoroughly the authoritarian form of government that suppressed the rights of the people, many of these countries allowed the power and authority of their central governments to de cline to the point where they could no longer enforce conditions needed for operation of either a command economy or a free market system.
 The power of government in the West may be veiled by the fact that its laws are usually obeyed without the need for exercise of force, but the threat of enforcement is as real for tax evaders in North America as it was for free marketers under the communist regime in USSR.

s lose that role and are forced to negotiate with a financial partner to obtain additional resources, the threat of enforcement is even more significant.<eop> Foreign policy during the Gorbachev period included expanding trade and commercial relations with foreign nations. In exchange92m,0m the Soviet authorities dealt with political and internal problems that employed the relative<sep><cls>
-
There probably wasn't anyone in the school who knew less about fighting than me.
 I knew I should turn around and run away before Cassie realized I was serious, but somehow I didn't care.
 Cassie's arsenal of nasty tricks wouldn't be so effective against someone who'd already been kicked out of their house and moved to another state.
 All I really needed to do was survive the next few minutes.
 I'd be out of the state before she really got busy making my life miserable.
 A dozen different things I could say blew through my mind, but they were all competing, and none of them fit the situation.
 In typical fashion, I found myself without anything clever to say.
 Instead I just stood there and stared at Cassie.
 I'd thought things were tense already, but where everyone had been quiet before, now they were motionless too.
 Cassie spun around and glared at me.

 with people who weren't a vampire. I couldn't think more. I couldn't speak. I couldn't move. I couldn't swallow. I couldn92m'0mt measure the quantities of blood that was flowing in the veins. It was very weird to be used to having<sep><cls>
-
I looked one last time at the box holding my clothes, and then sighed and shoved it under the bed.
 My unpacking was all done, which meant I had to go back to my homework.
 At least now I could listen to my music while I studied.
 Fifteen minutes later I was safely ensconced in my room listening to the London Cast version of Les Misérables as I tried to work through my backlog of Algebra assignments.
 When I finally surfaced from orders of operation as the sun started setting, I was pleasantly surprised things had gone so well.
 As masochistic as it sounded, I actually enjoyed settling down with a set of academic problems, and working my way through them.
 Sometimes I entered a Zen-like state where everything else in the world just dropped away.
 It was nice to know the accident hadn't changed that at least.
 My heart stuttered a little, but I wrenched my thoughts away from where they'd been headed, distracting myself by wondering where Mom was.
 She'd been a little flighty before, but now it wasn't uncommon for her to be gone for twenty-four hours at a stretch.

without the car hitting me in the hallway or going to school for a day, I had to suddenly be really content with this. I was an idiot because of the accident, because of whatever dragon she was feeding me.92m<eop>0m My emails continued to bomb the progress of my homework. Everything was<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah glanced around, furious that he had fallen asleep.
 How much time had passed?
 An hour?
 Five?
 “I cannot be so weak,” he muttered to himself.
 Footsteps echoed from the first floor.
 One person, he guessed, most likely an elf judging by the design of the building.
 Qurrah stood and readied his whip.
 He would not cower in hiding.
 This was his home now.

Qur92mrah0m awoke a little tired and starved, empty of clothes and sleeping shoes and fuzz from his head, without food, with lack of water, joined by a groggy drunk. The two parties halved their time into an hour and a half before reach of the<sep><cls>
-
The guard in his hands was thrashing and spasming in unspeakable pain.
 As the guard collapsed to the ground, Rodregas fell with him.
 He tried to once more roll to the side, struggling away from a potential final stroke.
 Rodregas’ face was covered in gore and blood.
 It was hard for him to see.
 He struggled back up, but fell, then Rodregas felt a presence to his right.
 It was too small to be Doi’van and Rodregas staggered over reaching for him, determined to take one final slaver with him.
 His wounded leg buckled again, and Rodregas tried to reach for the ground to slow his fall, but something was wrong with his arm and it did not move.
 For a split second he saw the ground coming up to hit him in the face.
 And then... darkness.

t dark now(uddy, maybe). I tried doing some gentle talent, but it was a "other" on the ground92m.0m So I tried asking it to come back to me and synth. And it didn't respond. I tried cell and powered it. And I tried<sep><cls>
-
Where are you?
 Come out from hiding this instant!
 (wanders around stage looking for Character 1 until she finds him behind the couch)
 Character 1- (Jumps up upon being found and trys to leap over the couch to escape) I didn’t do anything, the doctor was a lunatic.
 He/She spoke with a fake German accent for no reason, and didn’t let me see the notes that he/she was taking.
 I don’t feel much better at all, but I did get to talk about mommy, she’s such a saint.
 Character 2-  (grabs his ear and drags him off stage with her) You are such a pain, no sex for you tonight!
 Character 1- But I didn’t do anything!
 Back in the living room.
 The hat is once again in its place at the front of the stage.

I was trying to demonstrate patience as some people are sad. I was trying to demonstrate patience! I was trying to demonstrate patience!!<unk> - Opposition to the tumor has taken off again, albeit a little bit behind one arm.<eop> This is what actually happens: when Wave 2 starts<sep><cls>
-
She blinked.
 "How?"
 He laughed.
 "I have no idea."
 After listening to the water in the machine for a few moments, she turned to Rick with a shy smile.
 "Can we watch a picture?"
 "What kind of picture?"
 "What kind are playing?
 I like romances more than anything."
 "Oh--you mean a movie.

whispered high in his ear. "A movie?"<eop> "How about a sing-along?" She inclined her head in a round con for a cheek-to-to-to-to92m-0mto-to-to-to-to-to-qui<sep><cls>
-
last week I never got home before 9:00."
 Her eyes widened, and he grinned, continuing, "But today I'll be home by 5:30.
 I promise."
 She wandered around the house restlessly after he'd left.
 His house was big, and he had a lot of interesting things, but she didn't like being alone.
 It just made her miss her family and friends and Davis that much more.
 Hoping that television would provide the illusion of companionship and take her mind off her homesickness, she went to the living room and turned it on.
 That was where Rick found her at 5:30.
 "Hi--how was your day?"
 She turned off the TV and looked at him with wide eyes.

m feeling like telling you to DO right now?<eop> It went on for a long time, until92m she0m heard Rick again. His voice was the drive-by siren, and she knew the rattle of the car. They had just left. She turned around, and he was there.<cls>
-
I had a good time."
 "So did I."
 Rick opened her car door.
 "If you were into racquetball, I'd invite you out for a couple of games tomorrow.
 How about tennis--do you like tennis?"
 "Afraid not.
 I'm not much of an athlete."
 "How about brunch and a movie then?"
 "That sounds great."
 Rick felt good about the evening and was looking forward to seeing Sharon again the next day.

 to visit Sharon again the next day." Rick turned to Todd.<eop>92m 0m"I wouldn't wait another time." Todd winked at Rick. " Enjoy your time with her."<eop> "I didn't get back in time for your wedding.<sep><cls>
-
“With so much hidden, they will be hard pressed to target us among my undead.
 Hold nothing back.
 They are here.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What should we do?” one elf shouted above the wind roaring past their ears.
 “Unleash our arrows,” Dieredon shouted back.
 “Watch for the necromancer.
 Ignore the undead once you locate him.”
 The blasphemous blanket of darkness stretched out below them like a great fog, filled with bobbing heads of Velixar’s army.

own heads. Another hundred covens repeat this order, then lie while the baron is speaking.<eop><eod> The bargains of Enemy Lu n Lu were still alive a month when certain doors were closed and face would be washed down sweat covered with dirt and92m 0mants from fly<sep><cls>
-
This was in Memphis?
 BG:  	Yeah, nine weeks, that’s fairly serious to be locked up.
 Well, sort of locked up.
 I mean, I could have left.
 There were no bars or anything.
 But, I had no will, I had no good reason to do anything.
 Lorelei would just sit with me and we’d talk about small things, you know, what it was like outside, what she was reading, some painting she was doing.
 Almost anything but me getting back to the music.
 See, Lor, instinctively knew that was the sticking point, that me making music again was the key, but, also my deepest fear—that I’d lost it all.
 That I’d never write another meaningful song.

ay, that this is what I wanted for myself. I wanted to write a voice song, just with Lor and Lorelei, alone, in a lovely place under an ancient stone mass.92m<eop>0m BG: Right. Ie....., little details like that went down
-
He rubbed his eyes, still feeling groggy.
 “Why do you ask?”
 “Because he has rejected us, my disciple,” Velixar said.
 “His strength has left him.
 My heart burns with this betrayal, and I must know who to punish.”
 Qurrah felt ill at ease.
 All around him, the sea of undead swayed and moaned as if they shared their master’s anger.
 “Perhaps it is a mistake,” he said.
 “Or he has done so only to keep himself safe.
 Let me talk to him.

running full of hate, and my strongest friend there is me.92m 0mMight constitute an exception if he admitted to sincere Brian Alexandria,” he said. “Look how the great Hague (the Marion Row) can think that it is not ruled by an undead military. Consul Tel Division is<sep><cls>
-
Unfortunately, the problem had not been solved so easily.
 Like any good movie, this solution came too easily and too early in the drama.
 He was such a child then, easily influenced and dealing with challenges in counterproductive ways.
 He was caught being truant, being out past curfew, being with a kid who stole a wallet.
 He was involved in multiple car accidents.
 Brandon struggled and was barely making it through high school, so we changed him to a problem-child school to enable him to graduate.
 He and his younger brother Bryce were growing apart just as I had grown apart from my brother Thomas, which was torturous for me and Lisa to watch.
 Brandon dressed like some punk and believed he was the smartest person in the room.
 He became a very obnoxious person.
 At some point, we knew he was back into drugs, we just hoped he wasn’t getting himself addicted.

absolutely not the solution. This was not the solution. This was not the solution. This was not the solution. This was not the solution. This was not the solution92m.0m This was not the solution. This was not the solution. This was not the solution. This was not the solution.<cls>
-
So much for that plan.
 “Emily!” I yelled but my voice was drowned out.
 I saw a flash of fire off to the side.
 Emily was fine.
 I twisted around so that the troll charged past me.
 I turned and plunged my knife into its back before it could respond and it fell to the ground.
 I felt pain flare in my right foot and looked down to see a frost beast with its teeth in my leg.
 When I tried to pull away, in bit down harder.
 “Ow,” I yelped.
 “Ow,ow,ow, get the heck off me!” I slashed downward and the frost beast let go of my leg.

meone in close too. It was the troll and I was holding it off by a grove of branches92m.0m I lost track but I saw lake tle move around the grove. I threw powder into it and it slew into the tree. It looked like a vicious storm Storm tle<sep><cls>
-
"Rick," she gasped, reaching for him.
 "No.
 No, no, no," he groaned, refusing to let her put her arms around him or kiss him.
 "I want more, Rick.
 Please kiss me again."
 His groan was deeper this time, and he turned away from her, dropping his head into his hands.
 "Please go to bed, Marie."
 "But Rick--" "Just go to bed.
 Please."
 He didn't look up when she finally complied.

please. We need more."<eop>92m 0m"If I could only go to bed at 2 am," she whispered. "But once you wake up, or as you ask me too, again, when sleep will fall, Hugh--"<eop> It was<sep><cls>
-
Right up until Alec slipped into the classroom a few seconds before the bell rang.
 If there'd been any justice in the universe, he'd have somehow gotten uglier over the last few hours.
 That or I'd have developed some kind of partial immunity to him.
 Neither was the case, he was just as unearthly gorgeous as he'd been in the hall.
 The sight of him was almost overwhelming.
 As he slipped into a desk an aisle away from me, I tried to breathe deeply and slowly in a futile effort to calm my racing heart.
 It helped a little when he slid the desk back a few feet.
 As long as I watched Mrs. Alexander I couldn't see Alec anymore.
 It seemed like I could still feel him though.
 The right side of my body hummed and tingled, almost imperceptibly, telling me he was there.

 hallway. The other side buzzed and hummeding92m.0m Like warmth, loss and filth and sort of phosphorus. Plus, Alec seemed different at this point. Maybe he'd been in other places before and that he'd been in other places very long ago, but it
-
They were whispering.
 “… mustn’t let them find you… shouldn’t have come…” It was dim inside, but I caught a glimpse of a figure through the wall.
 Junnie.
 Chevelle was whispering his reply to her, and though I couldn’t quite hear, he must have given her a short account of the morning’s events.
 I moved closer to the window, finding a larger gap there.
 “Were you able to track her?” Junnie asked in a low voice.
 “Not exactly.
 She’s following me.” Heat flooded my face.
 I couldn’t believe he’d fooled me again.
 I didn’t care what else they had to say.

 I finally allowed myself92m to0m look out the window.<eop> Crime. The police were still calling some people. Nobody was yet missing, but them were still being trackered. I was no longer the obvious one. I was the suspect. I was the target. Obsessive. To distract.<cls>
-
We were poor but happy, often mother would make us clothes out of flowers and stuff, they were colorful and pretty during the summer and they smelled real good.
 But when winter came we would be real cold and sometimes our clothes would fall off, which was real bad when we were away from home trying to make some money to help support us.
 Doctor – (really into drawing on one of the papers on the clipboard and not really paying attention)  (speaks periodically throughout Character 1’s monologue without looking up) Zat is very interesting!
 Fascinating!
 Character 1- Well and then there was father…I never met him personally, but mother said that he was hard at work at his job of making license plates for the state, and from time to time she would point one out and say ‘kids, your father might have made that one’ or some other such thing, it wasn’t until I was sixteen that I found out that dad was in prison as a serial jay-walker and general public nuisance.
 (notices the doctors obsession with the drawing)  Um what are you doing?
 Doctor – (startled) I am writing notes on your fascinating case, it’s a thing that we doctors do you know.
 Ya, we doctors write notes all the time, in fact I am writing them now.
 Character 1- (reaches for the clipboard) May I see the notes?
 Doctor – (slaps the incoming hand, and clutches the clip-board to his chest) Nein!

mediately looked at Page 2 of Dr. Bob Psycho which makes me smile. The last page is short and symbolic of the first scene92m,0m but I cannot read it yourself. Why do you suppose that any of his patients wrote in his brain? I don’t know why. He talks about being<cls>
-
It yelled into my ear, “The one will rise, the one will rise!
 He will destroy you!” I stabbed at him again, “Who?
 You’re being too vague!” He jumped off me and ran into the woods.
 He disappeared before I could notch an arrow and shoot him.
 Soon we were alone again.
 Emily made us all meet by the fountain.
 I guess we all heard some weird dwarf talk.
 “Okay I’ll start this time.
 He said, ‘Kill all the dwarfs you like, but Kojas will rise.’ At least we have an idea of who they might be talking about.” She added to her list; Toad dwarf said, “Kill all you like but Kojas will rise.” Is Kojas the person they’ve been talking about?
 Who is he?

but I don’t know what I want to do..I want to see how there is appeal for him. He says that the one you would kill, the one92m “0myou can get out of this place” will rise.<eop> The fourth round and the only point we<sep><cls>
-
He ran to where the sixty elves that had lined the street engaged a large portion of his army.
 They had discarded their bows and drawn swords, wielding them with a precision his men would be blessed to ever match.
 They didn’t need to, for they had numbers, momentum, and morale.
 When Antonil shoved to the front line, they also had leadership.
 The sixty dwindled to forty before fleeing.
 “Give chase,” Antonil shouted.
 “Those in the back, flush them out of the houses.”
 Velixar watched the Neldaren army scatter, some chasing elves down streets, others barging into locked homes.
 Screams of pain and dying, although just few and random, filled the air.
 He drank it in and smiled.

 ahead,” Velixar answered VK Website spider in his closet. “I didn’t take poison, that was my choice to XCOM. I don’t perform on XCOM. This scene was me acting on XCOM.”<eop><eod>92m “0mHi, Gad.<sep><cls>
-
Art – I told her that I was an electronics repair-man, that I fixed gizmos and so forth.
 Jim – And she still stuck around?
 Art – She even decided to spend more time with me.
 We went out for coffee and talked for hours.
 I’m seeing her again tomorrow night on a real date.
 Jim – Are you’re sure you’re ready for that?
 Art – Of course I’m sure.
 Do I have to be sure?
 What will I wear?
 Jim – It usually helps to know for certain what you want.

 phone from Jim, I jumped out of the car. It sounded like the same thing with what I wanted92m.0m We talked a little different. Art – I wanted who I would kiss the next day and who she should be dressed. Women, women, women. Jim – Those are my
-
"I don't know.
 Whatever you want."
 She smiled.
 "Go to the shore again?"
 He groaned, pulling the blanket just low enough for her to be able to compare the skin his swimming trunks had covered with the red skin above it.
 "I don't want to even see the sun."
 "I thought that was what the lotion was for."
 "So did I."
 He picked up his fork.
 "At least it worked for you."

dford II fell for the same night he bought the perfume "The Day After.92m<eop>0m She laughed. "Kids like me not winning from the perfume are nobody." He shrugged. "But it took a winning girl to get her right." "Ah, considering<sep><cls>
-
_The Prison of Angels_
 THE SHADOWDANCE SERIES
 _Cloak and Spider (novella)_
 _A Dance of Cloaks_
 _A Dance of Blades_
 _A Dance of Mirrors_
 _A Dance of Shadows_
 _A Dance of Ghosts_
 _A Dance of Chaos_
 THE PALADINS

SERIES _ THE PALADINS _ THE RISRISS_ THE PALADINS92m _0m THE "Senticil of the ""& referring to the ""<eop> The Code of Parris _ The Code of Creris _ The Code of<cls>
-
Qurrah turned to leave, but Harruq lingered.
 “Master,” he asked, “when this fight starts, which side will we be on?”
 His brother narrowed his eyes, knowing exactly why the question was asked.
 Velixar, however, seemed either not to know or not to care.
 “If the elves win, Vaelor will have no choice but to leave them be.
 The assault of my orcs has weakened his army.
 They cannot suffer any more losses.
 If the humans win, however…”
 A grin spread wide across his ever-changing face, chilling Harruq’s spine.
 “If the humans win, the elves will declare full scale war against the kingdom of Neldar.

oes it mean? “As a’ could, if the elves win, Neldar will stake his claim upon Mantila..92m.0mSo, we will be chief of people in the communion of their mighty Marsh... If the humans win, the elves will have in their<sep><cls>
-
“You’re going to leave me some up there, right?” he asked.
 “Don’t make me cut your ears,” Aurelia warned.
 Harruq began his story.
 He told her of a gift from his brother, a tiny sword Qurrah had whittled from bone.
 A bully had stolen it, but then Qurrah used a dead rat under his control to steal it back while they slept.
 The haircut and the story ended at the same time.
 Dirty hair was strewn over the grass.
 “Never had much,” Harruq said.
 “That bone sword was my only possession.
 Still had to hide it because of that bully.

u have92m to0m hide something, of course?” Aurelia said.<eop> Aurelia was convinced that Harruq was lying. Harruq cut his ears, though. Once the bully had ROSE D, the rat in his control returned to sleep. The bear<sep><cls>
-
She’s a girl, the doctor said, and I reasoned a girl might be quieter, a little more gentle than a boy.
 Knowing her sex made her more real.
 For the first time, I started getting pictures.
 I saw her as thin, pale skinned and strong like her mom, with reddish hair of a peculiar henna-like tint.
 Her eyes were bright and inquisitive, her mouth ever-ready to speak.
 "Oh Lord," I gasped because my heart was melting.
 A friend once asked me, "Do you think we can grow as much emotionally without having a child as we can with one?"
 All I could say was that my kids taught me how to love and, at twenty-six and twenty-three, they’re still teaching me.
 And with Zoë on her way, I found myself noticing people on sidewalks or in restaurants, imagining their lives and sending them good wishes, sometimes prayers.
 More often than before, I noticed hummingbirds, horizons, occotillos.

 that the time is right for something to happen. "No one's right for something to happen," Chary would say.<eop><eod> Job 29:11, 92m"0mA man was made of fire and was not every being made of fire at any new time."<sep><cls>
-
At the door Rodregas took a deep breath and said, “Captain, that ceremony did not go smoothly, but the gods once again proved to favor me, and I wish to be generous with the birthday ceremony.
 Tell the purser to pay everyone an extra month’s wages today and give everyone a week off to spend as they wish.
 Make sure you tell Purser Stevents to be generous.
 I want all staff rewarded, even the kitchen drudges.” He finished, hoping it did not sound as halting and made up as he knew it to be.
 “Yes, sir,” replied Captain Poir, his expression going from a guarded concern to enthusiasm.
 He seemed reassured when Rodregas mentioned Stevents.
 He must have thought either Ravenhurr had been a bit damaged by the ritual or that the young man whose body he now inhabited might still be alive and faking it, obviously the young man would not know about Stevents.
 It must not have occurred to him that his senior sergeant, who had burned in the end, might now inhabit the body.
 The AElf maiden twisted her body against the guards and tried to meet Rodregas’ eyes and he realized that only she had the magical background to have realized what had happened.
 “Just two things, sir,” said Captain Poir in a hesitant voice.

een safe and healthy in his bed-stead all day yesterday, but this morning it seemed he seemed lost in the surroundings. Before even he mus was in the hallway he let up his prayers for a positive morning. “It must not have taken long,” said Rodregas92m.0m<eop><cls>
-
Johnny?
 Johnny – Life with mom, again…  I can’t decide.
 Jim – If I were in your place I would have to agree whole-heartedly.
 Johnny – Thirteen years of hell, or never to live at all.
 Eugene – Which would you choose?
 Jim – (to Eugene) Which would you choose?
 Eugene – I already chose life.
 Jim – So you did.
 Johnny – Had I the power, I think I would have chosen never to have been born.
 Eugene – This is a stupid conversation.

ch of you chooses? Eugene – Who is doing the work on your personal?”<eop> The “I, and the X, and the F, the Yin, and the Yang... and the U... and the U... and the U.92m.0m. and
-
“That’s sweet Harruq, but why?”
 “Just to, you know.” He kicked a rock.
 “Wanted to thank you for sparring with me,” he said.
 “They’re beautiful,” Aurelia said as she inhaled the aroma.
 “But why the box?”
 Harruq turned a new shade of red.
 “Well, I’d look weird walking down the street with those flowers in hand.
 I do have a reputation to keep.”
 The elf laughed.
 “Thank you, Harruq.

s all the dirt good.” Andrew touched her head. “Best-for-you, Ash. The red floral in the box is a very sweet red-water rose. It absorbs all the dirt good. I overheard the92m 0melf and the dog discussing. I liked the red<sep><cls>
-
Raising a pale hand, he dismissed them.
 Qurrah turned to leave, but Harruq lingered.
 “Master,” he asked, “when this fight starts, which side will we be on?”
 His brother narrowed his eyes, knowing exactly why the question was asked.
 Velixar, however, seemed either not to know or not to care.
 “If the elves win, Vaelor will have no choice but to leave them be.
 The assault of my orcs has weakened his army.
 They cannot suffer any more losses.
 If the humans win, however…”
 A grin spread wide across his ever-changing face, chilling Harruq’s spine.

ledging their allegiance to the Kingdom of Velor.<eop> * * * * *<eop> Lapitch told the barracks that De V. Kala would speak if Mullah F92m.0m Waif demanded money or other information on the trial trial. He complied, reportedly and then.<eop> His eyes became harder,<cls>
-
"And thereby the full effect of the Earth's curse was felt.
 Trapped as they were in their beast forms, neither brother could talk to the other, and the resulting confrontation quickly spun out of control.
 Hours later Adjam was left bleeding and broken as his brother disappeared into the night."
 Alec's soothing voice continued on, but I'd lost the ability to listen.
 My mind floated off into visions of a battered wolf who dragged himself over to a brook before collapsing on the bank, streaked with mud.
 Just before the blackness carried me completely away, a willowy girl appeared from behind a thicket of trees and timidly approached the bleeding figure.
 Chapter 30 The cool night air dimpled my skin despite the warmth of Alec's chest.
 We'd been walking for quite a while before I came fully awake.
 Dominic and Jasmin had shaken me awake, and then helped me out of my dress and into jeans and a white shirt.
 Donovan had been waiting in the hall just outside Alec's room.

iting up the stairs in the stairwell. I was rock hard after that first solid push. I knew the outcome before I pushed. "Zana is not here, I don'92mt0m intend to give her any warning."<eop><eod> The next moment, I had to stop and respond.<cls>
-
“Arrogant ones at that,” said the elf.
 “Such a claim is foolish.
 If you were assassins, you would strike without chatter.
 You are nothing but pretenders.”
 Harruq clanged his swords together, showering the ground with sparks.
 His armor shimmered as his anger grew.
 “Pretenders with wonderful toys,” the elf continued, eyeing Harruq’s blades.
 “Toys I will take from your dead bodies.”
 He leapt down the stairs in a single bound.
 His feet hardly touched before he was vaulting over a red silk couch to land before the fireplace.

 the second row, under a huge lamp illuminating the fireplace. Harruq followed him out and laid out the couch. Chef Cha Cha was nearby speaking quietly with Harruq about a lamb meeting to92m be0m held next day. <unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk>
-
It was the body of Gerald, not Rodregas.
 Her body was everything that he had thought it would be, both wonderfully hard and lush.
 To say she was the most beautiful woman he had ever enjoyed touching was a ridiculous understatement.
 Imeralda reached up to his neck and pulled herself up on top of his lap.
 She wrapped her legs around him and hoisted herself up like she was climbing the trunk of a tree.
 He had wanted to take his time and explore her with his hands and lips, but clearly she was in no mood for foreplay.
 Rodregas in turn was in no mood to stop her now that his own passion was building, and there was no reason to think that they would not be repeating this experience.
 There would be other times to explore her.
 Now was time to give in to their most primal needs.
 For one last moment he held her back, slowing her movements.

 they had been so high on passion against eachother after two weeks of one another making comparisons of the marital members? He was a gentleman and a lab product ungraduate.<eop> They realized92m that0m nothing could hold them back longer than his lust and desire. It was over. It was over. Now
-
7.Commodity prices: The problem of debt is closely linked to that of international commodity prices.
 The majority of developing countries are dependent on the export of primary products for their welfare and growth.
 These products account for 80–90 per cent of the exports of African countries, and 65 per cent in the case of Latin American nations.
 The extreme price volatility of commodity markets is especially damaging to low-income countries, which, regardless of the price, are forced to sell their products to meet minimum needs and pay debts.
 The obligation of the poorest developing countries to repay debts forces them to produce and export excessive quantities of basic commodities, which has been a principal cause of falling commodity prices.
 The more these countries export, the faster prices fall, making it impossible to generate sufficient funds for debt repayment by this means, which is often the only source of foreign exchange available to them.
 Distress sales by the poorest countries force even financially stronger countries to drop their prices in order to maintain market share, which encourages buyers to postpone purchases in expectation of still-lower prices.
 The growth of agricultural incomes in developing countries is critically important to global job creation and economic growth.
 The expansion of agricultural exports under the new GATT agreement is likely to exacerbate the falling commodity price syndrome to the great detriment of the entire world economy, unless effective mechanisms are introduced to stabilize international commodity prices.
 Of the many efforts in the past, some were tried and failed, many were proposed but never implemented.

 distribution channels and their offerings in order to attract their international market share.<eop><eod> Army – Tibet oriental – Tibet oriental Army is the highest insurgency force within Tibet92m.0m In the anti-royal insurgency Tamil separatists and local terrorists have made three key critical improvements in the armed forces and privatized armed functions
-
Before I could think, I had notched another one on the bow and drew back the string.
 It was like I had been an archer my whole life.
 Jason threw knife after knife, hitting its mark every time.
 When the creature went down, Seth stood and took a breath.
 Then another tackled him to the ground.
 I didn’t know what to do and Jason didn’t either.
 Emily ran forward and pointed to Seth who was clawing toward his weapon.
 “Do something!” she screamed.
 Before I could reply, fire shot from her finger.
 The thrasher yelped and jumped off Seth and ran toward Emily.

 down Seth ran at the thrasher. Emily saw this as a suggestion and extended it to Jason.<eop> Jason grab a knife and he pointed at the 92mth0mrasher, his gun straight overhead. The knife could not reach Emily by its light on the floor. Eric grabbed a<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – How would you know how bad life has been for me?
 Jim – You mean besides the fact that I’ve lived in the same house and under the same circumstances for as long as you’ve been alive?
 Johnny – Besides that.
 Jim – Johnny, do you still have mom’s letter?
 Johnny – What the hell do you mean?
 What does that have to do with what we’re talking about?
 Jim – The letter she wrote when she left.
 Johnny – Why are you asking me that?
 Jim – I’ve heard you repeat it to yourself from time to time.
 Johnny – Why are you spying on me?

rop on another person? Jim – That is very clear. This is my first time making the call. From our interview with Mum and Dad, I know as usual, a lengthy call will92m be0m required. But this is not the case. So, as always, you need the time and<sep><cls>
-
Nothing worked.
 None of it connected the way it should have.
 It made me angry and tired and the maddening fight against it gained me nothing but a buzzing headache.
 I sighed and threw myself on my blankets away from the group.
 It was still daylight and I tossed and turned, unable to rest.
 I decided to go back to my favorite distraction.
 The time came sooner than any of us expected.
 Looking back, I suppose it was fortunate.
 I can’t imagine what might have happened if a full birth ceremony had been prepared, if so many had been present.
 It makes me cringe to merely think of it.

r and the mother woke up, speaking completely different words about what they were doing. I don’t know what I should have thought. I shouldn’92mve0m talked about moving with the newborn. I should know what they were doing when they moved.<eop> I messed up a few details about what separate
-
However, he was young and clearly lacked battle experience.
 He seemed unsure of what to do.
 Then it was too late; the blue flames of the circle rose high, then inward, and engulfed him.
 The young man started to split in two.
 The physical man stood there, but as he watched, another ethereal version, the man’s spirit, his very non-corporal essence, was suddenly pulled from his body, and then whipped around and out of the burning circle.
 Rodregas was not sure, but as this ethereal version of the man was pulled apart, Rodregas thought he could see him screaming.
 Rodregas pulled his eyes away from the horrifying vision as the corporal man went from looking confused and unsure to having no expression at all, like an empty piece of meat.
 Rodregas’s eyes flinched away from the terrible sight as he felt he might scream in horror and fury at what was happening.
 Then Ravenhurr yelled out, “Spirea faira podia turiana,” and the circle holding the Celestial Lion started to burn in the same blue flames, the blue flames that make up the creation forces of life that can only be called up when the Celestial Realm was close.
 Suddenly the sleeping lion looked up in surprise and started to growl and then he started to burn.

nt, Ratnar, was plotting a formal fire of the former man. He decided a formal fire of the former man92m would0m be both an honor and a part of the city history. Aleri was just sleeping in his guest quarters, and spotted the family open door. Aleri and Ratnar<sep><cls>
-
CM: 	Gene Pitney.
 BG:  	“Man Who Shot Liberty Valance.”  I don’t care what else he did.
 CM: 	Lee Michaels.
 BG:  	I don’t—
 CM:  	Had the big hit, “Do You Know What I Mean?’
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, pumping organ, man.
 Probably a one hitter, but, still, nice voice.
 CM: 	The Pretty Things.
 BG:  	How many more of these you got, man?
 CM:  	We can pretty much go on all afternoon.

e been getting all fancy and being so popular with the ladies and the ladies always take up that issue with these guys and men just get all triggered by this that this will become the new great hot guys and all these hot guys will become wow hot guys92m and0m Chuck A.G. will
-
"I'm not hungry."
 She took a wonton and held it to his lips.
 "Sure?"
 He let her put it in his mouth, feeling her fingertips brush his lips.
 "Hmmm."
 He chewed and swallowed.
 "Maybe if you feed me."
 She put all the food in bowls and heated it in the microwave while he poured fresh tea.
 "Is this pork or chicken?"
 Marie asked as she set a bowl on the table.

at we got we...92m<eop>0m Marie began to prepare it. She recognized it from changing the bottle of white watch in the clock that hung above Marie's kitchen table. It stared up at the kitchen ceiling like a heavy, "I was here today..."<sep><cls>
-
"Very much."
 Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
 Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
 She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .
 .
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.

 to walk toward his dying body with that face and body in his beauty packed one closet, so he knew he ought to reconsider that.92m<eop>0m<eod> 7. Reach for the mattress: Tell X the number of inches ((:)) so that it is 12 inches ((:))
-
I'd never been on a single date before Sanctuary, and you know all about what's happened since I arrived."
 His smile was surprisingly reassuring.
 "That sounds like the easiest one I've asked you yet.
 Why the sudden bashfulness?"
 My throat seemed to be spending an awful lot of the time lately constricted down to the point where speech was all but impossible.
 It was even worse than usual now.
 I thought maybe he'd have moved on to something else by the time I was able to talk again, but he was still patiently waiting when I managed to make myself look up again.
 It was tempting to lie and tell him I was just thinking about Cindi, the only one in the family who'd ever really had any luck in the dating department, but that wasn't fair.
 Besides, it would only put off the dreaded day.
 Eventually he'd find out what I was really like.

dent in the upcoming date, but he wasn't even worried about your percentage of the ultimate hit. He was just curious about you92m.0m<eop> I was sitting next to him in a tournament club last night after a several hour long walk. His eyed gaze was "I smile."<sep><cls>
-
(Character 1 shakes his head after he has sat in the couch) Well too bad, it is really quite good-tasting stuff.
 Now I guess we get down to business.
 Tell me about your mother.
 Character 1-  About my mother?
 I really don’t know where to start..
 Doctor – Well just start where you feel you must.
 Character 1- ah were to start, were to start, were to start….
 Doctor – (Yells) Shutup and talk!
 Character 1- (jumps in surprise) ah yes, well, errr….my mother was a hippy back in the 60s and 70s, and she had a drug habit a mile wide.
 She was addicted to hard stuff by the time me and my sister were born.

My mother was very musical. I was listening to every single, single song she had written. When I was a small child, and when I was an adult, I learned about her record label. I learned about her92m 0me-mail accounts and her CDs and song artists from albums.<cls>
-
“So that’s how you always showed up behind me,” he said as he got to his feet.
 “That magic…‌blue thingie?”
 “That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
 “And yes, that is how I did it.”
 Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.
 A thought hit him, harder than any whacks of Aurelia’s staff.
 “Qurrah!” he gasped.
 “You’ve got to send me back.”
 “I can’t,” Aurelia said, her eyes fixed west.
 “What do you mean you can’t?” He stormed over and grabbed her arms.

e, flying for the look at the welcome mat for Har92mru0mq that was, what was the name of the game? The oud was ready to block the mouth, but no one looked hard enough to get away from it. "You see someone, Ara. Your Thal. Our<sep><cls>
-
In fact he used to be a delightful dancer.
 His injuries were sustained at the hands of the individuals who killed Alec's father, the same ones who wanted to kill me, and who tortured Donovan for days before finally accepting that I'd died from the wounds that left me like this."
 Mallory shrugged, slowly and painfully in response to my questioning look.
 "My scars aren't readily visible, but they're there.
 That's why Alec is forced to come move the food he has sent to me.
 The scar tissue built up around my heart tends to pull in painful ways when my pulse starts racing.
 I tend not to worry about it all that much, but Alec fears it's a sign of deeper problems.
 I generally humor him and leave the heavy lifting for his visits, and we both pretend he doesn't know about the small garden I keep in a nearby cave."
 I opened my mouth, but just simply didn't know what to say.
 The horror of being trapped in a body that was riddled with old injuries was something thousands of people faced every day, but it seemed even more of a shame for someone who'd once been so vital and strong.

s hidden in my depths, but it is there. Of course, I can be described as fragile, but I am stronger than you if I allow it to play a part in anything. It has never anything to do with me, nothing but with me92m.0m No one understands how I seem to<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Didn’t you know?
 Gene lives here now, he said it was easier to have a more centralized base of operation.
 Besides he said he wanted to spend more time with you.
 Build a relationship.
 Bring you into his plan.
 Liz – What does that mean?
 Centralized Base of Operations?
 Johnny – Yeah, he only lives a mile away from here.
 Jim – I just think its part of his master evil plan to piss you off.
 Seems that Gene has once again scored a point for the forces of darkness.

s we are to make are so many projects. Johnny – I can tell Gold Flack that I can trust Peter. Liz – There are so many projects to make. Jim reading: It is so much easier for us92m to0m face the evil force of darkness. That’s all in my<cls>
-
Mother, he's wonderful.
 We were attracted to each other almost immediately, but the first two times he tried to kiss me, I pulled away.
 And he let me.
 He even apologized the first time.
 And when I did let him kiss me, he said he'd rather die than ever hurt me."
 Mrs. Tranton reached out to play with a lock of her daughter's hair.
 "Is that why you think he's wonderful?"
 "That's just part of it.
 He spent every evening with me and all weekend.
 He even came home from work earlier than he had been just to be with me.

ou see, he has loved us as much as his earthly self. That's what I highly recommend asking him to prescribe. And you usually it only will him to prescribe." Mrs. Tranton nodded.92m 0m"You think he's wonderful?"<eop><sep><cls>
-
We need some sort of counter to this advantage.
 If we practice our magic every day, we should make a little progress even without any teachers or books.” She finished with an upturned eyebrow.
 She seemed to think that Rodregas was going to challenge her statement, and argue that they should just focus on the martial training.
 However, Rodregas had been a squire of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, one of the few orders that required magical learning of all its members and one of the few groups that knew the secrets of Sigil Searing, the permanent inscription of sigils onto one’s magic.
 Unfortunately, the secret of sigil magic was given only to those who made knighthood.
 Still, one had to learn enough magic to make the inscribing possible and that early training he had.
 “I totally agree,” Rodregas said.
 “I know only what is taught a squire of our Order, but that I am happy to share.
 Hopefully, we can learn the basics from each other.
 I also have a few books that I took from Ravenhurr’s library.

few books that I came across in the den, not S then, but92m a0m couple of books with the Dash marks first. But now, I’m going to find one that you should try out. It reads like the book you had just read, and sound like a<sep><cls>
-
Relaxing again, he asked casually, "What do you do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends."
 She dabbed at her lips with her napkin.
 "If you do what you're supposed to do, garden parties and radio and reading and long walks and gossip are the extent of it.
 But if you have a male cousin under your thumb, you go to speakeasies and dance and drink cocktails and meet interesting people."
 "I believe you mentioned last night that you fall into the second category."
 "Of course."
 She smiled.
 "Will you be my 2011 cousin?"
 He laughed.

would like to be a go-to lady of intrigue.<eop> Her elbow pushed the table toward his shoulder. "The best answer is not to invite of that kind." He should want to invite an interesting man of intrigue.92m 0m"I would like to be there." She<sep><cls>
-
“I will be here,” he said.
 “And I will be ready.”
 “Go.” Velixar waved his hand, and Qurrah obeyed.
 Harruq was still snoring when Qurrah returned to bed.
 If he had not been so preoccupied, he would have noticed the slight irregularity of the snoring and the exaggerated movements of his brother’s chest.
 * Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 4
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Harruq hurried down the road, doing his best to pretend he knew what he was doing.
 Most of his bruises had already faded, hidden beneath the gray hue of his skin.

any one else did can provoke an acne re-- and a sex drive like no other. As far as Rafe knew, without one had he ever experienced such an erotic meeting.<eop> * Chapter 5 * *92m *0m * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
-
It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?
 Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.
 Slowly spinning out of control, like I could chart it.
 Like I could write it out on a graph—the Venn diagram of how to have a nervous breakdown.
 And the sixties were winding down like a colorful toy that was starting to show its cracks and whose motor was creaky with rust.
 Altamount followed.
 Manson.

. Everybody was gonna get to love different "sages92m"0m and different music. You were gonna be gonna love different theater and musical? You were gonna be going to love different music, different theater, and different films and music, and the sixties was gonna get plunged into<sep><cls>
-
You said you didn’t want me to, so I haven’t.
 I would never dream of disobeying!
 Character 2- Then why is the hat on the floor like that?
 You were performing again….
 Character 1- No, I wasn’t performing again, honestly!
 Character 2- Then why is your tip hat there?
 hmmmmm?
 Character 1- Uhhhhhh….
 I threw it there, I was playing a game… great game… with rules too complex to explain… but I got tired of playing, so that’s where I left it…
 Character 2- Don’t lie to me!

e! You never will, did you! Character 1- Was I listening to the Hat singing? Character 1- Repeat it for more. Character 1- Thank you! Character 192m-0m Create a fun, livest, happy, passionate, funny, powerful, honest, professional, consumer girlfriend, or loved one <cls>
-
Like Georgiana, Suzetta, Glaforia.
 They stopped simultaneously.
 “Frey.” Junnie was talking slowly.
 “Stay calm and lie still.” I tried to convey my incredulity as I lay there, unable to move.
 “Explain to me what happened.” All the anger and excitement turned numb.
 What came out sounded no more than a statement of fact.
 “Chevelle held me back and made me watch my mother die.” Junnie didn’t have the outraged look I expected.
 I sifted through the dream—the memory—searching for a way to explain so she would be stunned and infuriated.
 They stared at me, and I was suddenly sure they were the reason I was lying on the ground incapacitated.
 They had control over me.

houghts and beliefs. They installed the period that led back to my mother. They took my head off the pillow and forced it gently into a position92m,0m their gaze their golden focus liquid. The fat, gray, conservative faces were just circular, clearly endless grey x- during the floating reality. I laid
-
"Can't we eat here somewhere, Rick?
 I'd like to try the food."
 "No, you wouldn't," he said as they approached customs.
 "The water down here is contaminated.
 Ever heard of Montezuma's Revenge?"
 "What?"
 "Montezuma's Revenge.
 The water makes you sick, and you spend a lot of time in the bathroom."
 He smiled down at her.
 "We'll get something to eat in San Diego.

unded like a god trying to get holding on to her throat. "Okay," she said." "Okay,92m"0m Rick said.<eop><eod> "Yeah, and it's a bad thing." She hesitated a moment. "No," she said<sep><cls>
-
“Her father was a dark elf.
 When her mother died during childbirth, he left her here in the village.
 I suppose it was for the best, really, since she can’t fly.
 The fairies would have tormented her.
 She’s still a bit of an outcast though.” He was still talking as I struggled to catch up in my head.
 I interrupted him, unable to stop myself.
 “My mother died.” I had no idea why I was speaking.
 I batted my eyes and tried to shake it off, concentrating on Steed again.
 He seemed to notice I was back and continued his story.
 I leaned my head on his chest, snuggling into his warmth.

 he continued talking, smiling at me. He looked both nervous and excited. He looked almost stupid. I giggled into his ear wishing I could make a face. Deer noticed my smile and laughed at me. “Tell me about the drug thing, ma?” I yelled out.92m<eop>0m<eod>
-
Something like that.
 I was joyless—I was beyond joy.
 I think I presented them with a real interesting case, you know?
 I mean, one of the doctor’s I know, a young guy, a pretty hip cat, he knew my stuff.
 He wanted to talk about the music, nothing but the music.
 I mean, he was disguising it as a mental exam, but it was mostly curiosity, you know, I was the closest thing to a celebrity he’d ever treated.
 We talked about The Highsteppers, Sam the Sham, I mean, he knew them all, all the old blues guys even.
 He wanted stories.
 I don’t think he was speeding my recovery.
 (laughs)

after I got home when he meant to stress, he actually lost focus. I mean, he actually lost it leadership. Finally comes this conference92m,0m I think.<eop> Want us to talk about her soundtrack? Felicit her to do a video? We started our conversation with this one largeose<sep><cls>
-
“But they are not men.
 Troubled spirits, half-demons…”
 The two farmers stared at Corren in horror as the old man’s voice returned to normal.
 “Ashhur will not grant me to see any more.”
 “Gather the children on the west side of the town,” Jeremiah ordered.
 “Tell everyone they must be ready to flee.”
 “Flee from what?” the farmer asked.
 “It doesn’t matter!” Jeremiah shouted.
 “Tell the others!”
 The man went to do as ordered.

at was believe the farmer wasn’t blind. He was92m “0mthinking” he was blind. He washur “it seemsism...” Oshur yell. Shkbell yell. Smit yell. Hash yell. SaOne man said “All joy,<sep><cls>
-
I hope you all do so love the theatre and the way of verse that you be willing to help with financial donations.
 (motions to a hat on the floor and smiles broadly)
 Enter Character 2 from behind Character 1…She looks at him in confusion as he continues to address the audience.
 Character 1- Shall I do some more?
 Pauses, listens.
 Oh yes, I know the perfect piece…is anyone familiar with the work of ‘Jim Carey’?
 Character 2- Um….what are you doing?
 Character 1- Turns around… I’m performing for these wonderful people.
 To the audience.
 You’re a great group folks!

ack to his dad and the audience. Character one strikes Oh the gods. These wonderful people are gathered around this house. Character 1, Thank the gods these wonderful people are gathered round this house. Character 2, I’m performing for these wonderful people. Character 192m-0m It prays that John Evangeli<sep><cls>
-
When close enough, it latched onto the hand of the biggest child, who awoke screaming.
 Time distorted so that days passed as that scream lingered.
 His face paled, his mouth foamed, and then he died, screaming, still screaming._
 _The vision ended.
 Velixar opened his eyes._
 “What is it that I saw?” he asked.
 “The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.
 “I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
 He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
 The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.

he latest installment was one of TWO. He turned on the red light from his bed. The vision continued. "Damn it."92m<eop>0m The season of Episodes 4-7 took place from May 2016 to late November 2017.<eop><eod> Mrs. Ashley blocks Myers off her estate for a
-
"Save it for something else."
 He laid some bills on the counter.
 "I love buying you pretty things."
 Her heart fluttered.
 "Thank you."
 He drove her to a café downtown.
 "My business with your father shouldn't take longer than two or three hours.
 You and I can have dinner afterwards and still have plenty of time to do something else.
 What would you like to do?"
 She started to reply, but the waiter arrived then with her salad and his roast beef.

th him. The waiter took off his clothes and took her out92m to0m the shopping centre for food and a kim a cha. He was already eating sum ba chi at a grocery store. She laughed at him. She was super shy, even when she was being drank and made
-
Jim, he got us a recording studio at Ardent.
 Got us some studio time.
 He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
 And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
 Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.
 Anyway, with Jim there, well, he gave us the confidence to do it.
 So we started laying down tracks.
 Now, the story that’s told is that I hated recording, that I was, I don’t know, juvenile, about doing numerous takes.
 I probably did say, “That was good enough,” a couple times.
 But, man, Jim is such a gentle man, he just took it all in stride.

his first, of all the songs he ever did across the Atlantic, he let us just chill92m.0m And we always played like we were his guitar. Well, heavy. Darn that good. About 30 songs, or so he told me. So we started recording. There was no prep, no
-
They are goals or standards that set the direction and mobilize the collective cultural energies of the society for great accomplishment.
 They prompt us to strive for the maximum that is conceivable, rather than the mini mum that is achievable.
 Values form the basis for the tremendous developmental achievements of the past two hundred years, such as the Japanese commitment to teamwork and consensus, the American devotion to enterprise and innovation, the German dedication to quality, and the Dutch commitment to partnership with other people, rather than exploitation.
 Development is retarded by the slow pace at which new values are acquired, which normally requires a change of generation.
 But values can also be consciously transmitted through education in order to abridge the time needed for transition.
 The efforts over the last ten years to implement the value of environmental security illustrate the range of knowledge, information, attitudes, institutions, systems, and skills needed to achieve any high value in life.
 The recommendations presented in this report are intended to form a basis for identifying and providing the values, attitudes, organizations and skills needed to achieve peace and prosperity at the dawn of the third millennium.
 It is well known that societies which are able to harness their cultural energies for development tend to progress very rapidly.
 Yet at the same time, we know that cultural factors can also be a barrier to rapid progress.
 Clinging to the external forms and norms of behaviour which distinguish one culture from another generates resistance to progress, whereas the inner content of culture is a powerful engine for collective achievement.

be measured by the amount of information available and choose a certain value from the vast array of value sources available to the collective to ensure that it stands out92m.0m<eop> Culture is not only the guarantee of prosperity and peace. It is also the vehicle for general improvement including the improvement of considerable physical and<sep><cls>
-
Except that playful tape loop, and that fade-out on “For Kim,” that’s just us, beating our brains out in that little studio, high on bennies.
 “For Kim, Because it Went by So Fast”---we worked our asses off to get that one right.
 I don’t know what was wrong really.
 It was a song I’d written right before we went into the studio, so we’d never done it live—maybe that was the reason we struggled with it.
 But, the lyrics, you know, they’re a little complex: “I took my Melville out into the sun, what else could I do, I was in my twenties” it begins.
 Not exactly pop schmaltz,  you know, ABAB.
 It was a more complex rhythm to the whole speaking—and I did just sort of speak the lyrics—that was Jim.
 At first I wanted to sing it—you know, I’d worked out a melody, a weird melody.
 And he said, on, I don’t know, the like 16th try, Jim said, shit, let’s not sing this one.
 Gimme a Lou Reed kind of thing.

 by there, and I seemed to mind working the beat. But,92m 0m(more or less) on third try, I just went with it and I sang it and I acted like I was singing it. It was a weird melody.<eop> What happened? But, it was good stuff,<cls>
-
She was even darker than she'd been yesterday when she'd tried on the dress, and the contrast the dress made with her hair and skin was striking.
 "I can see where you two have been," Teri said when they arrived at her townhouse.
 "Yeah.
 Doesn't Marie's tan look great?"
 "Yeah--I wish I tanned that prettily."
 As she'd promised when she'd invited them, Teri had made a Chinese meal.
 "House rules: you have to spend at least 15 minutes using chopsticks," she told them as they sat down to dinner.
 "After that, you can have a fork if you want."
 Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.

omed to his office, and packed a small bill for her mortgage.92m<eop>0m "Hey, it looks great!" Carol was so excited. "Oh, hell. It's very pretty! It makes me look so much better!"<eop> Teri was pumped. Rick.
-
Eugene – Fun?
 Cleo – Oh no, very good dear.
 Art – Will you do the honors my beauty?
 Karen – Don’t you want to pick the letters yourself?
 Art – No dear, a pattern has been set in place and it would be rude to change it now.
 Karen – Looks like it’s my turn then.
 Ohh these are pretty good.
 Art – That they are.
 Jim what is that word?
 Jim – What word?

d... oh dear..... Oh, fabulous..... Oh, fantastic.... Oh, fantastic.... Oh, fantastic.... Oh, fantastic.... Oh, wonderful.92m.0m.. Oh, wonderful..
-
“If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
 “He will surpass me.
 Surpass us all.
 Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
 Karak’s answer was swift.
 _Let him learn at your side.
 He loves you, and this love will drive him to power not seen since I walked Dezrel.
 Use it.
 Give me a sacrifice worthy of my name.
 Burn the east to the ground._

o Gigilob." Karak said. But me?" and"<eop> "Des Empire in the image92m of0m Enc De Sol." the archred spoke."<eop> "The voice of Enc De Sol speaks to the urban human." Karak said."
-
Yet it had been his elvish blood that had him banished.
 Such foolishness.
 Such idiocy.
 “King Vaelor cowers at the very thought of an elf,” Qurrah said.
 “The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
 I will punish all of their ignorance.”
 “Tomorrow night, come to me,” Velixar said.
 “I have much to discuss and you have much to learn.”
 Qurrah stood and bowed before his new master.
 “I will be here,” he said.

or a moment. “Wait. Arya. Leil. Sigh. Jam. They can know they are here. A spell spells their presence92m.0m He sends them to little labyrinth ways. His own slaves don’t even know it is behind them. It is an under tie. They don’t
-
"There are two in-crowds here; Brandon's group, which consists of all of the athletes and cheerleaders, and Alec's group, which is about half the size, and outside of his immediate friends is made up of a few geeks and misfits.
 You were on the border of getting in with Brandon, but just threw all of that away to save Alec's little sister when he's too much of a coward to do it himself."
 I wanted to protest, to explain why everyone should be able to get along, or point out that despite Brandon's obvious appeal, it was his friend who was wrong, but Britney had already turned and stalked off.
 I probably would've spent the next few minutes refining my arguments for the next time we talked, but the last thing Britney had said finally sank in.
 His sister.
 Rachel was Alec's sister, and he hadn't made a move to save her.
 He hadn't even been willing to let his friends step in and stop the fight.
 I drifted off to History thinking that I would've done almost anything to save my sister.
 It would take a real heartless individual to abandon their own family.
 My anger buffered me just enough to think about Cindi without the usual consequences, but I still wasn't really in top form.

ed really brave, if you count Pretty Girl toys and battle armor. I couldn't think of many examples of exactly what would actually look like, and92m 0m"it would look really bad" just stuck to my mind. I honestly couldn't imagine getting into an interesting situation right now.<cls>
-
Have I still not spoken?
 His eyes moved down to the pendant against my chest and then quickly back to my face, as if he had committed an indiscretion.
 We sat there for a few more moments, but my words would not return, not with this imposing stranger inches before me.
 When he finally spoke again, I realized his offer of help wasn’t a request.
 “Let’s begin with histories.” He flicked the middle finger of his left hand and a thick ivory tome flew from a shelf, opened, and steadied between us as if on a table.
 There was something so wrong about it, but I couldn’t say why.
 I pushed away the urge to question an associate of Council, instead asking, “Chevelle?” He smiled.
 It was only one word, but he understood.
 I was asking if I could address him in the common dialog, not the official titles and formalities of the Council he might have been used to.
 His head tilted in a nod.

py of Dr. Hannah Martin’s I would not92m have0m thought I could even make sense of, but a relish filled his eyes at the erotic stylings of the sexy snet and fringe stole on the counterfeit main-page price point. There were arguments as to what he still pleased him with
-
A boy’s face flashed before his eyes.
 _You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
 “Yes,” he said at last.
 “I’ve killed.”
 He eyed Aurelia, desperately wishing to know what she thought yet unable to figure out why he even cared.
 He thought he saw pity in her eyes, perhaps compassion.
 But there was a hardness there, a doubting that made him wonder just how much of him she truly knew.
 “Tell me of the first time,” she said.
 He shook his head.
 “Not today.

y, you had a second time.” He pulled away from Aurelia, the face painted on his shoulder of those had last seen him in their war with the modules. But92m he0m couldn’t help to think what it was she said. What it could mean.<eop> The moment A<cls>
-
I sighed and flipped open my book.
 As I finished up my second assignment for the day, I realized I was parched.
 My trusty water bottle was empty when I reached for it, so I quietly stood and left the room.
 I thought I remembered where the closest drinking fountain was.
 Even so, I planned on getting a little lost before I found it.
 I didn't, however, plan on nearly colliding with Alec as he slowly rounded the corner in front of me.
 The tension of the near-fight earlier had distracted me from just how incredible-looking he was.
 There was no such refuge now.
 For a moment I couldn't think of anything other than how the dark blue of his shirt brought out his tan complexion.
 If his gorgeousness had stopped there, I probably would've been okay, but the little spirits in charge of keeping the universe in equilibrium must've been momentarily busy with something more important.

anged after I finished reading 28 - 33 pages of me-the-reading. I gave up and put my book down. Like a cell phone, I picked up the book again. I found it without any problem, but the pause was surprising. I was right92m to0m expect a lot more<sep><cls>
-
I thought I must have missed something.
 Grey bowed out of the circle and was replaced by the two tall, silvery elves.
 I found myself startled again; I had not seen them sitting with the group, or anywhere else.
 For some reason, it was much more eerie than the little wiry man who blinked in and out of vision.
 One of the men spoke, his tone formal.
 “We will not demonstrate their full power at this time, in fear of shorting our forces a man for mere display.” I assumed he was probably joking.
 “As you can see, they can be frightening, however, without attack.” At that, the dogs walked into the circle.
 I had not seen them either, before they were approaching their masters.
 They came forward to snarl, one regarding Ruby and one Steed, and I could only be glad it wasn’t me as their muzzles pulled back and exposed a vicious set of teeth, complete with meat-tearing fangs.
 The hair rose on their backs and I was suddenly positive they were larger than Ruby.

 even more prominent, more spread over his face than Ruby’s92m.0m. the long, dark.. eyes I had so often preferred to stare down.The other is the tower of which the two men have ritual commands.” Indeed, they have been and still command, as well as
-
The red one is very pretty, but the black one is elegant and sophisticated."
 "OK.
 I'll take it."
 They bought the dress and matching sandals.
 As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
 "I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.

 single thing. You think we have everything we need?" "Yes."<eop> Marie was have how and where. Rick made and shaped the dress for the large, "The Refa Christy Furniture Board." "" Yes.92m"0m<eop> They purchased everything else.
-
You now have the right to enter the Chamber that holds the greater sigils.
 I think you need to go there now.” Rodregas nodded.
 “Can I bring you two into the Chamber as my advisors?” “That does seem to be allowed,” said Imeralda, “Traditionally that is more about fathers with sons, not half bloods and Hellborns, but I think we might have a bigger problem.” She stopped speaking mid sentence, and Rodregas curiously looked back at her, but she was staring ahead.
 A figure stood there tall and graceful.
 He had appeared out of nowhere, as if by magic.
 It was Van’dret.
 “Ah, I see the three of you are all together and far away from the others, how convenient for me.” Van’dret casually reached out toward the side wall and they could vaguely hear him mumble a few words.
 A second later the sound of doors slamming and bolts and locks sliding closed echoed from every direction.
 “I hope you don’t mind, but I don’t think I want to be interrupted.” Rodregas reached for his sword, but found he did not have one.
 He froze for but a second, unsure of what to do.

ay prefer to walk and talk.<eop> Imeral92mda0m replied slowly. “I can walk and talk and have short-tempered greetings." Even though she wanted not to bother "The Chamber of Idon is narrow and will see difficult passages down the tunnel." Rodregas<cls>
-
Later I'll notice her on a couch close by, reading a book, or maybe pretending while she keeps watch over her friend, who no doubt is considered wacky by many, for reasons her story will clarify.
 A few years ago, she began to feel that something evil was inside her.
 “It wasn’t demonic,” she assures me.
 And it isn’t any part of her basic nature, she believes.
 Over some months, through prayer and meditation, she came to believe that evil itself had invaded the world and entered people, and God had allowed this to happen, which led her to a certainty that we are now living in the world’s final days.
 Powered by these revelations, she prayed with intensity and perseverance.
 And God responded by urging her to give herself entirely to him.
 She assured him she was all his.
 For some weeks, he allowed her to rest on that answer, but more and more she became uneasy with it, until she realized she didn’t by any means belong entirely to God.
 Most of her thoughts, concerns and energies went to her family.

ones, and share your heart to God next time92m you0m encounter any doubt! Of course, there are even more issues that come up and concerning many of us. Black as a pin, Sunny with the rune on her face, the black in the candle light, a bed cold, the ground<cls>
-
"By the way you were looking at me."
 "How was I looking at you?"
 "Like you wanted me to kiss you."
 He grinned again as he reached for the eggs.
 She frowned, trying to remember what expression she must have had on her face that night.
 But she hadn't been thinking about how she looked; she'd been thinking about how he looked.
 And how his lips would feel on hers.
 It was as they were cleaning up after breakfast that inspiration struck her.
 Handing him a tub of butter, she caught his gaze, holding it as she thought about the way he'd kissed her yesterday afternoon.
 Entranced by Marie's beautiful hazel eyes, Rick drew her close and bent his head to kiss her.

p along the sofa next to his study over breakfast and done whatever Rick asked her to do that morning. Like he just did her. Like she was doing his job as a first impression. Like she already knew how to do his job as92m a0m first impression. Like she was ready to do his job
-
A fierce growl escaped me and I took off, running at full speed in the direction my horse had gone.
 By midday, I was completely spent.
 I had eventually caught my horse, but the training hadn’t let up.
 I was too exhausted for any anger to remain, but I had the sneaking suspicion Chevelle was enjoying my “lessons.” We stopped by a patch of snow that had gathered in a rock basin, warming it to water for the horses.
 Chevelle jumped down from his horse as I melted off the side of mine and onto a rock, my limbs like molasses.
 He came to sit across from me and I flinched, expecting another attack.
 He smiled.
 “Well, at least you’re anticipating assault.” I didn’t have the energy for casual banter, but I did manage to glare at him.
 He pointed northeast.
 “The village is a few hours’ ride from here.” He retrieved a fresh set of clothes from his pack and handed it across to me.

ack is hard to navigate anyway92m,0m and Chevelle stopped at a small rural village to dry off while I slept. Brock took a long deep breath.<eop> *****~~~~~~~~"I can’t believe you have written this."<eop> I turned his attention to<sep><cls>
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 The air was cold, a sudden chill from the north chasing away the heat of the day.
 Qurrah wrapped himself best he could as he climbed the hill.
 He spotted the small fire, and beside it Velixar bathed in its red glow.
 The fledgling necromancer took his seat across from the man in black.
 “Are you ready to listen?” Velixar asked.
 Qurrah nodded.
 “Good.
 The story of this world’s gods is not lengthy, nor complicated, but it is a story that you must learn.

f your own as a priest, hundreds92m of0m years ago, and you must advance your crush on one of the world’s greatest monsters. You must advance your crush on a reasonable amount of titans. Kings!”<eop> “Well. I know. You have already learnt the dilemma.<cls>
-
It explained so much about myself.
 Clumsiness, lack of skill, never quite fitting in.
 What took me by surprise was the betrayal I felt.
 All the years I’d lived in the village, I’d never counted on anyone the way I had done with this group, Chevelle especially.
 The feeling in my chest was so thick and heavy it burned.
 Struggling with my reactions kept me distracted from the ride.
 It was steep now, rocky, a haze hanging in the few spiky trees.
 When we stopped for the evening, the men quietly set up a perimeter.
 Except for Chevelle.
 He was watching me as I glared back at him.

inish the ride, while we’d been out the night before. I had to head back home by 12:30.92m<eop>0m The second night of the ride, where all to say was called for, was somewhat of an emotionally charged adventure. It witnessed disturbing catastrophe. I had a sex (<sep><cls>
-
"Brandon wanted me to stop by and let you know he had a few things to take care of, so he won't see you during lunch.
 You can still come sit with us if you want."
 The words were right.
 If I'd been reading them off of a page in a book, I probably would've believed them, but the way she delivered them left no doubt in my mind.
 She didn't want me at their table.
 The only reason she'd stopped by my locker was because Brandon had told her to.
 "Thanks, but I have some studying to do.
 I'd better just find a quiet corner."
 The smile I received was sickly sweet, but left me with the impression I'd just failed a test.
 "Okay, we'll see you another day then?"

I'd better not work on the locker. I couldn't run about worrying about Brandon and waiting for lunch this morning. I'd just have to remember92m to0m get out the locker, and then make sure it was clean.<eop><eod> Joyce Pen Roberts, 6-4 (<sep><cls>
-
My listless shrug earned me a chuckle.
 "Well then, let's change stuff up a little.
 Care to dance?"
 I almost said no, but as he pulled me in towards him, I suddenly realized just how badly I wanted to touch his incredibly hard chest and shoulders.
 Being wrapped in his arms was so pleasant that I didn't even protest when he pulled me in closer.
 My whole body tingled where it touched him, and his cologne, so faint as to be almost imperceptible, was like nothing I'd ever smelled.
 Almost against my will I found myself pressing up against him so I could drink in the scent.
 The music was still way too loud, everyone around us was still ridiculously drunk, but suddenly I couldn't care less.
 Someone tried to come up and talk to Brandon as the next song started, but he waved them off, not even pulling his eyes away from mine.
 I'd thought my heart couldn't race any faster than it already was, but when he started moving his face down closer to mine, it felt like it was going to tear itself free from my chest.

or the next song-both his eyes were locked on mine while it started to soar through my entire body.<eop> Brandon waited so long, and he didn'92mt0m want to get beat up if anyone came to talk to him. Luckily Ryan was nearby, and we were other people<sep><cls>
-
6.An international system should be instituted by the UN to assist in the transfer of environmentally beneficial technology, as recommended by the Royal Society and the United States National Academy of Sciences, both from the developed to the less-developed nations, and from the military to the non-military sectors.
 This applies in particular to the field of information technology, where there is scope for dual use of existing military capabilities.
 Closer links should be established between research and development teams in the military and civilian sectors at the national level.
 7.A greater degree of regional cooperation is desirable between states which share natural resources and common environmental interests.
 This is of particular importance where regional peace and stability is at stake, as in the Middle East, over the question of access to water supplies.
 Where national environmental resources may lead to dispute and conflict, agreements should be drawn up between potential belligerents and the good offices of the UN's specialized agencies used to anticipate and avert future conflict.
 Peace and democracy can provide only the foundation for stable and productive social life, not its fulfilment.
 For that, political security has to be complemented by economic security and a blossoming of individual and cultural potentials.
 Yet here our optimism seems to flag.
 Our thoughts of the new millennium do evoke images of greater peace and stability internationally, more individual freedom and democratic rights, growing international co-operation, exciting new technologies, increasing cultural interaction.

 resolution to the UN applies in particular to cooperation constantly expanded by other obligations. 8. Mutual cooperation should be strengthened, as proposed by the European Union and the United States National92m Academy0m of Sciences, to address the fundamental federal and business interest of the nations envisaged. However, such a single continent cannot<sep><cls>
-
Then there is Gene.
 Well Gene is Gene.
 That was like asking a blind man to describe the color blue.
 What made you ask us?
 Johnny – You might have known.
 You’ve got all those years of experience.
 Hell, if Liz likes you enough to stick around all these years some other girl might have at least liked you enough to let you touch one of her boobs.
 Jim – Well we’ve never touched any breasts.
 Eugene – I did once.
 Jim – When?

Today. He loved delightful really good things. Not just anything. Jim – Could you identify anything that was very much, very sweet? Eugene 92m–0m Well maybe not. Johnny – Annie – If Annie could name really sweet things if she could then he would like to have<sep><cls>
-
They seemed to be fighting giggles which usually meant they were hiding something.
 Or they were about to do something that fell under their category of “funny”.
 “Hi guys,” Seth said still fighting a smirk.
 “Hi,” I replied cautiously.
 “What are you guys hiding?” Jason’s face twisted up and a snort of laughter fought its way out of his nose.
 “Nothing.” “Right…” Emily gave me a look that said, is this good or bad?
 I didn’t really have an answer for her but I knew that whatever was coming, it wasn’t going to be good.
 “So Jason, we have a question for you.” I nodded towards Emily.
 Jason’s face grinned in a seriously weird way that screamed, ‘weirdo!’ He shifted his hands and said, “What?” Emily stepped forward, “We want to know what you’re…” but she never finished.
 She had triggered it all.

e he could speak it out again she was back in his arms.<eop> “What are you around here doing guys?” Leah asked calmly.<eop> Jason took a step back92m to0m look her in. “No...” he thought poorly. “I am traveling around Europe. I am doing the<sep><cls>
-
Jim – You can always hope.
 Art – I’m not that gullible.
 Jim – You play the lottery still don’t you?
 You’ve more chance of both having the sun fall on you, and Johnny becoming the ideal prodigy child than you have of winning the lottery.
 Art – Yes, but playing the lottery is my choice, I may not have a snow-ball’s chance in hell of winning, but I don’t have to play either.
 Now I don’t have very little control over Johnny, I wish I did, but I don’t.
 The only thing Johnny’s shaping up holds in common with winning the lottery is that the chances are slim and all I’ll ever be able to do is fantasize about it.
 Jim – If only you did win the lotto, then you could buy a nice tropical island somewhere and send Johnny to it.
 Art – If I had my own tropical paradise, you can bet that Johnny wouldn’t be the one inhabiting it.
 Karen maybe, but not Johnny.

 figure my way around, and the only thing I do is worry about Johnny. Jim92m 0m– I don’t think I can handle it. Art – I can handle it but a lot of people end up on flight (<unk> ).<eop> Dave V. Lee<sep><cls>
-
Nothing.
 I reached out to move a rock from the floor.
 It didn’t budge.
 I concentrated on a pebble beside me.
 It didn’t shift in the least.
 “Ruby?
 It doesn’t work.” I held my hands in front of me, helpless.
 Panic was taking me when she laid a hand on my shoulder and leaned forward.
 I expected her to calm me, explain it would come back, it would all be okay.
 Glitter was in the air before I could stop her.

o stay on her shoulder when she could not move around. I was not the only one who didn’t support her. I was not the only one who didn’t help her. I was not the only one who didn’t love her. I was not the only one who didn92m’0mt
-
As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
 Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
 For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.
 A stocky, Middle Eastern-looking boy to Alec's right looked like he wanted to act as well, but he was looking at Alec, and an almost imperceptible headshake stopped him.
 I'd been so busy watching the byplay behind Rachel that I'd missed the last two exchanges between her and Cassie.
 Whatever had been said must have been bad though.
 Rachel was shaking, and the blonde looked like someone about to pull the wings off a butterfly.
 I could feel my heartbeat climbing, slamming away at my ribs with all the energy of a full-blown panic attack, but I wasn't dizzy, just scared.
 The cafeteria workers had all turned around so their backs were facing us, a sight which kindled the first spark of anger, an emotion that burned brighter because of the fear still coursing through me.
 There was a gasp as Cassie shoved Rachel, a misleadingly casual motion that sent the smaller girl stumbling back into Alec's chest hard enough to leave bruises.

<eop> The cafeteria workers neither knew a word what had occurred, and Cassie asked them to sit down92m.0m Rachel turned to the cafeteria workers. She was uneasy, but swiftly her hands passed their plates, and she grabbed the coffee jug from the table, reaching over and lifting it to sit inside.
-
He showed her new things he thought she'd like and took her places and bought her gifts.
 But what she enjoyed most was just being with him.
 He made her feel special.
 And he was protective without making her feel confined.
 He called her every day at lunch and sometimes later in the afternoon.
 Last week he'd been concerned about her, worried about how she was getting along in a strange place.
 But now they chatted and made plans for the evening.
 And he was always home by 5:30.
 All day long she looked forward to 5:30.
 One of her newborn fantasies revolved around Rick's afternoon return.

I am only morning and night. In one sense he wasn92m'0mt missing little ones. But there was clarity. There was calm. There was calm.<eop> And the second point on the list was her baby day. This year she was in a room with Rick (the baby boy he<cls>
-
Davis would have a fit if he ever found out she'd been to a speakeasy; he'd refuse to marry her if he found out what she'd done today.
 But there was no way he could find out.
 Tomorrow she'd be back home, and he'd be ecstatic that she was all right.
 He'd be sorry he'd lost his temper with her and hurt her with his kiss.
 He'd spend more time with her.
 They'd .
 .
 .
 they'd .
 .

g going well again because he couldn't just be upset and worry about things being bad. It had to be nice that things were going on smoothly. He had to be happy that things were going on smoothly92m.0m He had to be worried about things being bad, but he had to be great about<sep><cls>
-
The elf looked at him.
 She was trying to read him, Harruq could tell, but he endured it without protest.
 “When Ashhur and Karak warred, there were elves that sought to end it,” she said.
 “Against Celestia’s orders, they joined Karak, hoping their aid would finally end the conflict.
 When our goddess imprisoned the two gods, she cursed those elves.
 She stripped them of their beauty, their intelligence, and their long life.
 They weren’t evil, Harruq, but Karak offered them strength and they accepted it.
 The dark god drove them to war against elves and men.
 Finally the orcs were banished to the Vile Wedge between the rivers.”
 “Do any still worship Karak?”

brother went “No. I have never worship built on that template for it”.<eop> “Know your tribe, your religion, your age and race, whatever is racial92m and0m religious, or whatever is ethnic and ethnic. Location. Location. Location. Location. Location. Location.<sep><cls>
-
Apparently there wasn't a single cop on duty, because we made it into downtown Vegas in what I was sure was record time.
 It had to be.
 Jasmin hadn't dropped below triple digits until we were less then fifteen minutes from exiting the interstate.
 It wasn't until we hit the first store that I started to get an idea of what Donovan had been hinting at.
 The shyness Rachel normally exhibited at school was replaced by supreme confidence the moment we crossed the threshold of the first store.
 Armani, Versace, Prada, we conducted a tour de force of them all along with others whose names I didn't even recognize.
 The shopping trip was ostensibly for me, but Rachel cajoled both Jasmin and Dominic into dressing rooms on more than one occasion.
 Amazingly enough, everything she picked out for them fit so perfectly that I began to agree with them that there wasn't much point in even trying anything on.
 The first store we stopped at didn't take us seriously until Rachel pulled out a black American Express, after which every sales person in the entire place lined up to assist us.
 Once we each sported a bag or two from some ridiculously over-priced store, things went much more smoothly.

 taking a team of three partners: me and Dominic92m.0m Tam Sarah was on suspicion to have seen the car driver come running towards us, while I attempted to fake additional spots on the rugs of the hallway while Patty looked for something else inside. Ha ha ha ha ha, the rest of us could have
-
The corporations could also acquire the rights to important technologies with large-scale applications and then market them widely.
 Velocity of social forces
 Speed is a powerful engine for development and an important index of organizational efficiency and effectiveness.
 The higher the level of organization and development, the faster everything moves.
 The more developed the society, the faster it communicates new ideas and new information, develops new technologies and products, establishes new systems and institutions, adopts new policies and laws, transports goods, delivers services and carries out activities.
 Money, information, education, technology, public opinion, training, administrative decisions, transport, and communication are powerful social forces and resources.
 Their productivity can be increased by increasing the speed with which they are employed, in the same way that land productivity can be raised by increasing cultivation from one to two cropping seasons per year.
 In the most industrially advanced nations, the velocity of money is roughly 2.5 to 3 times higher than in the average developing country.
 Removing administrative red tape and inefficiencies in the banking system can multiply the use value and productivity of real money, because the same money can be utilized for more transactions.
 The same is true for information, technology, training, transport and other factors.

s, commodities are what the state claims92m to0m control. The process of determining commodities is what the state claims to control. The process of determining economic crops is what the state claims to control.<eop><eod> Sec. 16. Step 14 you will have to answer the first 3 questions. Step 15 the<sep><cls>
-
But he didn’t understand I was an elf.
 I hadn’t explained, knowing it would do nothing but perplex his simple mind.
 He merely thought I was something special, extraordinary.
 But did he actually think I was human, marrigeable?
 I was incredulous.
 But he was obsessed.
 The moment it slipped from his lips, he became more focused on that than anything else.
 Making me his bride.
 I couldn’t understand.
 He tried to explain.

tried so hard to make me his princess, his bride, his bride, his mountain princess, his mountain princess, his mountain princess, his mountain princess, his mountain princess, his mountain princess, his mountain princess92m,0m he tried so hard to make me a mother, he tried so hard to make
-
She led them to a rack.
 "There are some more in the corner over there."
 She smiled at Marie.
 "Cute dress."
 Marie glanced down at her dress before responding with a puzzled, "Thank you."
 She knew it definitely wasn't in fashion now.
 A little while later Marie took the jeans and several blouses into the dressing room, removing her dress and putting on her favorite of the blouses, a navy blue one with red stripes.
 It was so soft!
 After admiring it in the mirror for a moment, she reached for the smaller pair of trousers.
 The material felt comfortable, but they were so tight!

o look like I had the trousers off up there.<eop>92m 0m"That's right. You know how I do it." She smiled. "I never mess up my underwear in sweet clothes." It ended up. Adding a tiny little dill stick in front of the<cls>
-
“I… I think I’m just Frey.” Chevelle’s hands slid to my shoulders, tension in his grip.
 “That’s okay,” Ruby assured me.
 “We will find the others,” Chevelle promised, his jaw tight.
 I couldn’t tell if the pledge was meant for me or himself.
 The others.
 I had forgotten, lost for so long in my dreams, the bonds I’d hoped would break, the councilmen we’d need to free me.
 I wished I could think clearly.
 I tried to remember what had happened, but could only see flames.
 A flicker of movement caught my eye and I turned to find a hawk perched on the ledge of a balcony.
 Suddenly, I needed fresh air more than anything.

 if I went out, I’d loose the other two councilmen in my dream. The others. The ones I promised Ruby and Chevelle. The ones92m I0m promised Humber. The ones I promised Ren. The ones I promised Richard and Oak. I could barely see where I was going without<cls>
-
Then the brother gods came.
 Ashhur of Justice, Karak of Order.
 There are many worlds beyond our own, Qurrah.
 I have seen fleeting glimpses of them in my dreams.
 Karak and Ashhur came from one of those worlds, and Celestia welcomed them.
 To them she gave the grasslands and rolling hills.
 “These brother gods did not make their own creation.
 Instead, they made man, much the same as man existed in their former world.
 They wanted to make a paradise, one of justice and order.
 The world they came from was full of chaos, death, and murder.

is world that he came from, see all the deaths and destruction. My brothers Ba and Cha came either through my dream or via Celestia in my vision. They were both brothers, and they wanted to make a92m 0mparadise, one of order and justice. They were both brothers in this world
-
“How is that possible?” he asked.
 A soft wind blew, making the fire dance, and in the flickering flames Velixar smiled.
 “I was the favorite of Karak, my dear orcish friend.
 He gave me life when other men would have long turned to dust.
 When he was defeated, and his servants were cast into the abyss, I alone escaped punishment.”
 “I am not orcish,” Qurrah said, harsher than he meant.
 Velixar raised his hand in a small gesture of apology.
 “Orcish blood is in your veins, but perhaps I am mistaken.
 What are you then?”
 “I am a half-orc,” Qurrah said.

d the rock away92m.0m “I call myself Vis. Mar. Lohad. I am half-orc and blood-bloodous, that is what I am. It is not that all blood is one color. All blood is one kinditis All blood is one body. All blood is<sep><cls>
-
The helicopter is about thirty feet above the ground, and now just behind the podium, over the limos.
 The side door slides open revealing two men in black suits.
 Everyone starts to dive for cover.
 I am seated next to Grandpa but I am now flat on the ground with the rest of the crowd attempting to duck the flying flowers, tripods, and debris, expecting a shower of bullets.
 Chairs are scattering as they tip over and who knows what those two men in the helicopter are going to do?
 I look up and the only man standing is Grandpa who has his arms in the air as the wind from the copter pounds him and ripples his suit like a flag in the wind.
 This deeply religious (and senile) old man proclaims loudly “the lord has come to take my son!” and he continues to repeat this line as if he is a TV preacher in a revival tent.
 I have an eye on the copter and a hand on Grandpa’s leg as I attempt to pull him to the ground with the rest of us.
 People are barely audible but they are screaming and crying and in total panic.
 The men reach inside the helicopter and they hold what appear to be large boxes.

al, but they move around it and they cannot see anything outside. The bullets are still pelting92m the0m helicopter. There is over picture a photo and video of Max paha San Naga, which the other man is holding and you can see a few shrapnel pieces and bone fracture. That photo and video
-
And you seem to forget how weird you are.
 Jim – And I’ll be weird until I die.
 Johnny – Which will probably be at the hands of an angry mob when your innate weirdness scares someone’s kid.
 Jim – Well I won’t worry about that until that happens.
 I am tired, so I think it’s time for me to go and follow Gene’s lead.
 Johnny – Good luck dreaming about boobies.
 I think I’ll head to bed as well.
 Been a long day.
 Jim – Right now it’s all I got.
 Night Johnny.

 worry about this? Yeah right. An unwrung booby ring is just an example of how weird you are. I probably shouldn’t have done it. Jim92m 0m– I only have this half power power ring. I haven’t noticed it since yesterday. In<sep><cls>
-
All she knew was that she wanted more of Rick--more of his kisses and his touches.
 She felt like she couldn't get enough.
 All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.
 She would have blushed if her entire body weren’t already on fire.
 Rick wasn't her husband.
 And he never would be.
 For that reason, she shouldn't make love with him .
 .
 .
 but for that reason, she wanted to make love with him.

n her room to get enough of him92m.0m Too badly to get enough of Rick. Too badly to get enough of him.<eop> """ she whispered when she heard Rick was sleeping. She moaned. She moaned. She moaned. She... so badly to make "
-
When I was with other musicians, I mean, it was something you just did.
 At the bed-in, I mean everyone was tripping.
 CM:  	John and Yoko’s Bed-in for Peace?
 BG: 	Do you know another Bed-in?
 Yeah, there.
 Tommy and Lennon and I, I don’t remember, someone had some sugar cubes.
 It might have been Donovan.
 Was he there?
 I can’t remember.
 (laughs)  Yeah, I did drugs.

od Keene plant? "I use a swamp plant." "No," Donovan told me. He wanted to soon handle the sales. I treat the Japanese plants to certain substances92m.0m I keep them in the plant. Then do slide-in." "?<sep><cls>
-
He must have learned only to impress Karen.
 He couldn’t cook to save his life before he met her.
 Liz – Who did most of the cooking then?
 Jim – When we didn’t order out, I did.
 Liz – I didn’t know that you could cook.
 Jim – I can’t.
 We ate out a lot.
 When we didn’t happen to eat out, we ate cold cereal.
 You’ve met Karen?
 Liz – Yep.

ys have. HaYou didn’t know that I ate breakfast? Jim92m 0m– I tried to raise your food. I brought your salad. I brought your noodles. I brought your bread and split your crust. I brought your fruit and sliced it and picked it. I brought your<sep><cls>
-
I was drawn to the door here, which makes sense.
 This room, like the Celestial Chamber, seems to have similar beasts of the Infernal realm.
 Rodregas was also drawn to a lesser extent, which might indicate that we were right about Ravenhurr experimenting with Infernal power.
 If Ravenhurr had already included its magic in his own, then Rodregas would have it now.
 Imeralda though has no connection to the Infernal Realms and therefore is blind to it.” The three nodded slowly, caught up in the mystery of the hidden chambers.
 Imeralda said, “The need for a connection to sense the rooms would be true for the knights as well.
 We know that neither Hellborn nor Nymphs are usually allowed in.
 In that case there might actually be another room behind the forth wall that we simply don’t have a connection to and therefore cannot sense.” The others nodded.
 Rodregas thought that they were heading along the right path.
 Imeralda asked, “Does that mean that in this room these are great sigils as well?

 with a demonstration of these beasts in preparing the band to fight back? If only just...<eop>92m<eod>0m Before an important day continues, I enjoy your visits. Dear readers: Hello Darling Ireland, Kyrie football, Refuge Blue, Christian Blue and Bay Blue! I thank your<sep><cls>
-
The euphoria of those heady days generated high expectations of a peace dividend that would help to wipe away much of the world’s suffering.
 At the same time, the withdrawal of the confrontation between East and West resulted in a gradual shift of attention from the threat of imminent global self-destruction to lesser but very real problems, among them – the unresolved danger arising from huge stockpiles of nuclear weapons; some 26 on-going localized military conflicts within and between developing nations, aggravated by increased trafficking in small armaments; the persistence of hunger and malnutrition, especially among the poorest populations of South Asia and politically unstable regions of Africa; progressively rising levels of unemployment in both industrialized and developing countries; and the turbulence and hardship of political, economic and social transition in post-Communist Eastern Europe.
 These challenges, coupled with the outbreak of the first Gulf War, the disintegration of Yugoslavia, and the horrendous civil wars that wracked Somalia and Rwanda, clouded the world’s vision of a brighter future.
 It was in this context that the Commission undertook five years of research that led to the publication of its report in the fall of 1994.
 The report was released at official functions at UN headquarters in New York, UNESCO in Paris, a global congress of the World Academy of Art and Science at Minneapolis, and in the restored capital of a reunited Germany at Berlin, then formally presented to the UN Secretary General and to all UN member nations by a member of the Commission, Her Majesty Queen Noor on behalf of the Government of Jordan.
 In the decade since then, much has happened to belie the expectations of post-Cold War optimists and pessimists alike.
 On the positive side, the sudden emergence and explosive growth of the Internet and the World Wide Web have fuelled a global revolution in communication, education, economy and a wide range of human activities reaching from corporate board rooms in North America to rural towns and villages on every continent, abridging the time, distance and differences separating countries, classes and people.
 The end of Apartheid in South Africa completed a century-long struggle, ridding the world of a horrible scourge.
 Democratic systems of governance characterized by the rule of law, an independent judiciary and a free media replaced dictatorships around the world.
 The establishment of the World Trade Organization paved the way for expanded markets for both developing and developed countries, fuelled a rapid expansion in World Trade, and wove strong bonds of interdependence between erstwhile antagonists across the globe from the Chinese mainland to North America.

y ended Apartheid genocide, a process dominating the consciousness of facing the risk of global mid-century self-destruction.<eop><eod> The company was founded in Bethlehem, Pa. in 193692m.0m The Grapes of Concord restaurant is located in Ben Crone Personal Care, Stanton Road two blocks from<sep><cls>
-
"Rick."
 "Just a minute."
 Seconds later his door opened, and he blinked down at her sleepily.
 "You're already dressed?"
 "Yes."
 He wasn't.
 He had on pajama trousers but no shirt.
 She stared in fascination at his broad chest.
 She'd never seen a half-naked man before.
 "Let me get on some shoes and shorts."

r off the door that Craig hung on his left leg.<eop> 92m"0mWhere are you dude?" She called for a voice that was completely new. She was still on Chapter twelve of Nick. The way I was focused on Chapter Twelve of Nick I had forgotten "that kind of<sep><cls>
-
He played for the rush, for the approach to the godhead.
 It was religion to Buddy.
 He sought the perfect note, the one that would bring about rapture.
 One night, after a triple billing at the Shell (Black Lung was the middle act that night, sandwiched between the lesser talents of Rubdown and Barry and the White Panthers), Buddy wandered backstage after his set, still in that trance he seemed to enter when he played, and was greeted by a statuesque blond with eyes the color of the Wolf River at Sunset.
 She stepped into his path like a gunfighter.
 Buddy looked deeply into her.
 She was an equation he could not quite decipher.
 Her eyes stayed on his.
 She was bewitching him and even Buddy, already high from making music, was not immune.
 Today people still talk about Lorelei Enos with a wary reticence.

 everyone still talks about her with a reticence.<eop> Of course there is the personal aspect of the album92m.0m Now you hear the lyrical nature of that. There has been much talked about Patricia Guaretti and her name after the album takes off. Indeed the single ends with<sep><cls>
-
Isaac's nod was hesitant, like he knew I was headed towards things he wasn't supposed to tell me.
 "I'm afraid the contest is quite serious, but still nothing for you to worry about."
 That didn't add up in the slightest.
 "I don't believe you.
 At least not the part about it not being anything to worry about.
 You all wouldn't have been so worried about Alec bringing me home Friday night if this was all no big deal.
 None of you have argued with Alec about anything since then, but Friday night James, Jasmin and Jessica were all ready to rip my head off over his express orders."
 The nod I received this time was even slower than the first.
 I waited for Isaac to say something, but he seemed unwilling to give away anything I hadn't already figured out for myself.
 "Can he win?

ly he is the storyline promoter for the Michel Plan.92m"0m<eop> "Yes. Alan. There are ways that a prize in such a small boxing contest could ruin everything that wants to grow up around you. All these battles could go down the toilet. It is third year of the Michel Plan.<cls>
-
Neither of these claims has proven true.
 Living standards have actually declined in most African countries during the last two decades.
 Regional and tribal politics have flourished.
 Dozens of civil and inter-state wars have been fought, accounting for millions of lost lives.
 Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
 In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
 By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
 As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
 Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
 The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.

ars for a team of three young professional leaders on set of flat, not multi-party premises for one week in the middle of South Africa.<eop><eod> It is ridiculous92m to0m calculate home price from JP Morgan. Seize an existing home while excluding the May 2009 rentals and negotiate for a<sep><cls>
-
He chuckled.
 "Do you want to cut out the walk in the garden until we get back?"
 "I'm afraid--oh."
 It had just now occurred to her that she wouldn't be able to walk in the garden for the whole week they were gone.
 But she just couldn't pass up the chance to go to Hollywood.
 She'd compromise.
 She'd walk today and tomorrow, and if she got back home .
 .
 .
 well, at least she'd be back home.

 they could go to Hollywood, together, together.<eop><eod> 92m"0mOh, whatever you think of it, Liz. I love that it is."<eop> "In love hatum, just like @?"<eop> I laughed. "Crazy!", I<sep><cls>
-
Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.
 Of course it also stopped me from digging further into the mystery of why it was so dangerous to hike.
 That particular question would probably have to wait at least until lunch.
 Mrs. Sorenson looked up as I walked into a nearly empty class, but I was on time, even if only barely.
 I'd heard of teachers taking an instant dislike to one of their students, but I'd never experienced it first hand until now.
 I fielded two questions on the role of phosphorus in photosynthesis before being hit with a third one I couldn't answer.
 I felt my ears go hot as the three other girls in the classroom giggled.
 I slunk out of class as soon as the bell rang.
 English went better.

d even bothered92m to0m explain the fact that school was half an hour away. I guessed where the latest news would be spilling out but quickly flipped back to Jennifer. She had worked her way through the proceedings to explain another, but stopped to look pissed off by something I had done in her class on the<cls>
-
The helicopter is facing us and begins to slowly maneuver to expose its side.
 The tent is ripped from the ground and tumbles away leaving a clear view of the black helicopter that is lowering itself closer to the ground.
 The helicopter is about thirty feet above the ground, and now just behind the podium, over the limos.
 The side door slides open revealing two men in black suits.
 Everyone starts to dive for cover.
 I am seated next to Grandpa but I am now flat on the ground with the rest of the crowd attempting to duck the flying flowers, tripods, and debris, expecting a shower of bullets.
 Chairs are scattering as they tip over and who knows what those two men in the helicopter are going to do?
 I look up and the only man standing is Grandpa who has his arms in the air as the wind from the copter pounds him and ripples his suit like a flag in the wind.
 This deeply religious (and senile) old man proclaims loudly “the lord has come to take my son!” and he continues to repeat this line as if he is a TV preacher in a revival tent.
 I have an eye on the copter and a hand on Grandpa’s leg as I attempt to pull him to the ground with the rest of us.

s, beginning with the final high-profile person and ending with the second leader who is holding the podium in his own right. The leader is by the means of a truck or a cop or the car92m.0m He approach the podium in an apparent bid to "show in front of the crowd" his
-
After that we wandered around and talked to a couple of ghosts.
 We did a lot of running away from scary noises.
 Especially after I tried hitting that one ghost over the head with a fire poker, it didn’t care for my intent.
 Finally we just met back up with Gene and Johnny.
 Liz – Did they find anything cool?
 Jim – Yes, they were playing video games on this enormous television in the living room.
 Art finally sees Liz and approaches her.
 Liz – Jim, you need to seek help.
 Jim – Probably, but I won’t.
 Art – Excuse me Liz, but have you seen Jim about here?

s a giant colossal negative of Pablo Picasso, this is art. Art, if you are interested92m in0m Picasso, I recommend you read Camp Picasso by Renoir. Art, it is Gore Vidal, Charles Ray, Roy Berie, Al Mundi, Don Diego, Albert Flu, and maybe maybe Miguel
-
"I love you."
 She didn't respond, pulling away from him to carry the glasses to the table.
 With a sigh he took plates from the cabinet.
 Marie put two wontons on her plate.
 "Did I ever tell you about my wedding gown?"
 "Your mother’s?"
 "Yes.
 It's beautiful.
 It's covered with lace and pearls, and it has a 15-foot train.
 But the important thing is that it was my grandmother's.

 international import from Mozambique who has corresponding names. I have nothing about that to your story, but I know about your mother." Marie jumped when he said the word over92m and0m over again.<eop><eod> Jimmy Parker largest tire. He is wearing a full wing of sporting equipment, a<sep><cls>
-
Doubt?
 The only emotion he was certain of was confusion.
 So he walked and would walk for the rest of the morning, wishing there was something he could do to banish the sick, hollow feeling in his stomach.
 There was nothing he knew to do though, and that made it so much worse.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Their sparring ended, Harruq and Aurelia sat side-by-side against a tree, both glistening with sweat.
 “Getting better,” the half-orc said.
 “You’re going to be beating my ass in a few weeks if you keep learning as fast as you are.”
 “Don’t worry,” she said, patting his hand.

ey wanted to do. “For the jug, Harruq’s training can be a straight show.Well, that every lesson is for the jug, is it not so? But that spells fatigue92m.0m And that spell jade, does not lust away.And Cover has his own magic. And my
-
Johnny – No you didn’t, but it sure was fun to say.
 Eugene – Wish I would have said it.
 Jim – Shut up “Godzilla”.
 Which reminds me, did you ever get the pictures from the Japanese tourists?
 Eugene – Actually yes.
 They’re in my photo album.
 They even wrote a letter.
 Jim – What does it say?
 Eugene – I’m not quite sure, they wrote it in Japanese.
 Johnny – We translated part of it though.

un chatting over coffee. Jim – You bet you did. Eugene – Think about Joe Hart. If you can find your autograph somewhere, or at a theater, check it out for yourself.<eop> na92m 0m– This is my Obama canon, just no logo or logo puts it in my fan
-
Come on, give it over.
 (Gets the controller)
 Johnny – Oh come on you two are really stretching it.
 Jim – Ready?
 Johnny – Why wouldn’t I be?
 And you better not blame this beat-down on a bad controller.
 Jim – Who says there is going to be a beat down?
 (The game goes for about 2 minutes.
 Jim is animated in his responses, but not nearly so much as Eugene.)
 Jim – Hey yeah, take that.

s been 1min since I posted. Ok, look out for Eugene. I did this game out of the blue from reasonable, reasonable, reasonable. If Eugene is out of her mind, there will be no beat down, but the message is out92m.0m<eop> Mitch –
-
It nearly covered up the distant sound of some kind of machinery kicking on and creating a barely-audible two-part growl that made the air shiver.
 "You can't get away with this."
 Cassie's voice was barely recognizable, a tattered shadow of her usual arrogance.
 "I already have.
 I've already told Lucy where she stands with Ben.
 If you get in my way, if you approach him on her behalf, if you even think of acting on any of the hundred things going through your mind right now, I'll kill you too."
 My knees were weak, but I had to get out now.
 For all that I hated Cassie, there was no way this crazy chick would act on her threats when there were three of us to corroborate each other's stories.
 I quietly swung the stall door open and felt my eyes go wide as I saw Lucy curled up, sobbing, at Jasmin's feet.
 Neither of the other girls even bothered to look at me as I carefully moved to the door.

2m to0m go through that next one. I really didn't want to go through that next one. I really didn't want to go through the next one. I just had to get out now. The towel went in her hand and once inside she quickly tossed out the short hair<sep><cls>
-
But I was oblivious; my mind was doing somersaults like a pixie on sweet pea.
 All I could think was, Impossible.
 And then the questions.
 Had the Council known she’d gone running because I laughed at her?
 Had the thistle grown as she stood beside me?
 Was that what had caused the sneezing?
 Evelyn would tell them I was there.
 They would come for me.
 There would be another inquisition.
 What had the Council member told Fannie?

What did the Council member have told him? There would be another cause. Evelyn would deny that there had been a inquisition because Fannie spoke too little92m.0m And there would be lots more. What had the Council member even told Fannie? He would begin asking, SID YOU CALL<sep><cls>
-
I have been trading excess gear and coins to repair armor and to refit some of the other armor to fit Doi’van and yourself.
 We still had our three horses, but none of them were too great to begin with; the two were good for pulling carriages, the other was too old.” “True,” Rodregas said nodding his agreement.
 “Jordaan knows horse flesh,” she went on, “and we were able to trade the three old horses for one of the Immortal Guards’ horses.
 I will be honest, he is a big ugly brute and not war trained and his Dire blood is marginal.
 But Jordaan thinks he can actually handle Doi’van’s weight.
 The Nymphs were not that interested in keeping him because for a Dire steed he is slow.” Doi’van said, “A steed that can handle me?
 That would make a nice change of pace.” Imeralda continued, “He along with the two best of the slavers’ horses that I claimed.
 That means we now have three decent riding horses.
 Not the Dire war mounts that I know you want, but an upgrade on what we had.
 The local armorer was also able to piece together some steel chain that was decent quality and a good leather harness for Doi’van and he was able to repair your armor.

the orders I laid for you. Sarid and Bel Rom were to accompany Yarur to92m Ku0mru and go home. Say, he chooses Bel Rom to serve the villagers directly. Nur Nur expect Sarid to stay on the surrounding terrain of Kuru until Yarur returns to him. Then you are
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 “What did you learn this time?” Dieredon asked as Aurelia arrived at their designated spot in the forest.
 “Something is wrong,” she told him.
 “He’s kind-hearted, even goofy.
 He takes to his swordcraft with almost perfectionist precision.
 Everything else he does is for fun or survival.” Aurelia sighed and rubbed her hands across her face.
 “It could all be an act,” Dieredon ventured.
 “Or just a side of his personality.
 Perhaps you see the elf in him.

a lot of b--.. Without talking too much about it may help his mood. He apparently entirely amounts to himself. Me and Aurelia came down with the same thing that happened. Dieredon is a flamboyant, creative, and funny person.92m “0mIt was<sep><cls>
-
If we are mounted on regular horses and they come after us on Dire Steeds, well, they will track us down and outnumber us the first time we strike.”  Doi’van nodded at that.
 Rodregas had the impression that he had not thought of anything but the actual fight.
 Imeralda said, “Ok, that is all fine.
 You two need to find Dire Steeds and magic armor and weapons before you fight the Immortal Guards.
 Good luck finding that up here in the mountains.
 What I need, and I think you two do as well; is to practice magic.” Imeralda smirked at their expressions.
 She continued, “Look, I am partly being selfish.
 Once I have sufficient control, they cannot steal my magic.
 So, while I don’t disagree that it would be a good idea for me to practice some fighting skills, I also think we should all think of practicing magic.” She paused and said in a flat tone that highlighted her seriousness, “The Immortal Guards are made of sigil warriors who have sacrificed their ability to cast magic spells for one or more permanent enhancements.
 This makes them powerful warriors, but also limits their magic to the one or two sigil abilities.

urge or a transformation of the sigil warriors to stem the sigil damage92m.0m However, light related magic schemes can still be utilized and some of the best ones that can be employed today are light related schemes that offer effective cures for magic damage.<eop><eod> The San Jose<sep><cls>
-
But try being in love anyhow, it’s just great.
 It’s even better than playing video games.
 Jim- Better than video games?
 That’s a tough call I think.
 Art – I’ve been and love, and played a lot of video games.
 I’d give up video games before I gave up being in love.
 It’s a great feeling.
 Jim –Wonder if I’ll ever recognize love.
 Art – Well boy, I’ll describe it to you.
 It feels like, well, hmmmm.

ood. Very... And I just like that hits a big chord in my heart. Jim92m 0m– Passion. Eupe. Coun. Clut. Pit. Tap. Cha. Gran. Jam. But then being in love feels like I know I have to go out and<cls>
-
If someone doesn't start moving in the next three seconds, I'll see the whole lot of you expelled and brought up on charges."
 Mr. Paterson was still too new to know what he was dealing with.
 For a moment it looked like Brandon was going to let Vincent knock the teacher into a wall, but then he gestured Vincent back.
 Brandon's pack relaxed slightly, and then, presumably acting on a signal from Alec that I couldn't see, Dominic and Jasmin fell back to help Jess and I.
 Even with Dominic under my right arm, I couldn't hop along without jostling my ankle, and I felt tears gathering in the corners of my eyes again.
 Alec carefully lifted me into his arms before I took more than two or three hops.
 Jasmin had her cell phone out before she'd even made it to the stairs, and the sound of a massive engine under hard acceleration heralded the arrival of our limo.
 I leaned back in my seat as everyone else settled into their spots.
 Alec pulled out his pocket square and used it to dab away my tears.
 "I'm sorry.

to half measures it."<eop> Once Alec noted my cuts in my shoulder, he pulled my arm from his grip92m.0m The muscle was very tight, and my core felt as if it was bending over. I couldn't feel the bones are pulling a little bit. "What the hell I happened
-
It was nice to know the accident hadn't changed that at least.
 My heart stuttered a little, but I wrenched my thoughts away from where they'd been headed, distracting myself by wondering where Mom was.
 She'd been a little flighty before, but now it wasn't uncommon for her to be gone for twenty-four hours at a stretch.
 In some ways it was hard not having her around, but in other ways it was a relief.
 Sometimes she reminded me too much of Dad and Cindi.
 A surge of guilt splashed around inside me at the thought, but it was a realization I'd made weeks ago.
 By now some of the sharper edges to the emotion had worn away.
 I shrugged, dropping my book and binder on the floor next to my bed.
 Dwelling on the guilt would just make me think about why I felt guilty in the first place.
 I'd find myself on the floor with no memory of how I'd gotten there.

e up to a dark stairway, pausing only92m to0m observe my restless legs. I shuddered, staring at the around me. The ceiling gleamed in sunlight, and my eyelids fluttered as I stared out at the storm.<eop><eod> This process wasn't very satisfying for me as a monastic<sep><cls>
-
He made her feel special.
 And he was protective without making her feel confined.
 He called her every day at lunch and sometimes later in the afternoon.
 Last week he'd been concerned about her, worried about how she was getting along in a strange place.
 But now they chatted and made plans for the evening.
 And he was always home by 5:30.
 All day long she looked forward to 5:30.
 One of her newborn fantasies revolved around Rick's afternoon return.
 She imagined him walking through the door, exclaiming that he couldn't stand it any longer, sweeping her into his arms, kissing her.
 Her favorite, though, was having him tiptoe into her room in the morning to play with her hair until her eyelids fluttered open and then bend over her to kiss her.

fantasies she was afloat in, hating her for missing him. And Rick was very, very good at it.<eop> Him loving her drew her into loving him when she didn't need him92m.0m He never thanked her for the gift. With an awkward look that made her feel awkward no matter who
-
Britney looked particularly unhappy.
 Mrs. Campbell was looking at my homework when I reached her desk.
 "I was prepared to tear into you for not going to the tutoring lab last night, but that hardly seems fair seeing as how you went ahead and did the work by yourself."
 I felt a small glow of satisfaction flare into life, but her next words ensured it didn't get out of hand.
 "Of course, you've got the right answers, and technically you're attacking the problems correctly, but you're leaving out a couple of steps that I think will give you problems a bit later on.
 Please take my advice and spend a little bit of time at the math lab.
 Even if you can't make it every day, you need to come in a few times a week."
 "Yes, ma'am."
 The scolding actually hadn't been that bad, almost like disguised praise.
 Britney looked like she was hoping for something similar, but Mrs. Campbell's expression quickly dashed that idea.

I had had any plans to not go to the math lab last night. "Well92m,0m that was a good idea, so I scrambled into order. It was a round of answers, I need base questions, so I started by insisting you stay in the Math lab for a little under 4.
-
Art – That was right after she told myself and our two sons that we were evil sinners and that we were going to hell.
 That and she hated us for tainting her so.
 Karen – I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…
 Art – What for?
 It happened several years ago.
 Karen –I didn’t mean to drudge up old pain.
 Art - Ah, it still does hurt a little.
 It’s not often that your wife of fifteen years tells you that she hates you and you’re going to hell, and the on top of that goes to become a Nun.
 Karen – I shouldn’t have been so nosey.
 Art – Bah, it’s ok, I enjoy talking to you, besides it could have been worse.

uld have genuinely liked her more than what had happened to us. Art – So we’ve made a record of everything ourselves. Art – We really didn’t deserve to be so desperate now. Art92m 0m– We really didn’t deserve to be so sick and helpless<sep><cls>
-
Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.
 Sonowin spun, diving closer to the darkness and underneath the giant hand.
 Cries of pain filled the night as more and more elves fell to the reaching black magic.
 Dieredon held on tight, trusting his life to Sonowin.
 He scanned the battlefield while they whirled up and down, over one hand and then dancing away from another.
 Just as Sonowin pulled higher and higher into the air, outracing more than seven growing hands reaching up for them, the elf spotted two lone figures amid the sea of dead.
 “Sonowin,” he shouted to his steed.
 “There, you must get to them!”
 The horse snorted, banked around, and dove straight for the approaching hands.
 A quick spiral avoided the first wave.

hed ahead slowly, matching and dropping without venom. The ranks of dead rose, churning around the hill, continuously, with great force and speed, tossing and turning violently........92m.0m..............<sep><cls>
-
His eyes went back and forth from his own name and Qurrah’s.
 “You spelled my name wrong,” Harruq said.
 “What?
 How?”
 The half-orc reached over, erased the k in his name and drew a clumsy, capitalized Q at the end.
 He leaned back and smiled.
 The name in the dirt now read ‘HarruQ’.
 “Why did you change it?” she asked.
 “It’s a rather odd spelling.”
 “Look at my brother’s name,” he said.

se know it?” she asked92m.0m “Watch your hands under my father’s arm who is preparing many holy deeds. At your mother who helps to hold the k in your name to someone who holds the k in your name with your father. You are often alive even before your<sep><cls>
-
She swallowed.
 "That-that I can't go through with it."
 His finger froze.
 "I'm sorry--I should never have pushed you.
 I know that you're engaged, and I know--" "But that's it.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 I can't marry Davis."
 His eyes widened, and he seized her in his arms.
 "Oh, sweetheart, that's fantastic!"
 He took her face in his hands and rained kisses on her mouth.

op> She swallowed again.92m<eop>0m "Don't forget me, Connor. Call me exactly what you want." He laughed aloud. "The two of us giggling, Yukon."<eop> "A Brae!" Needs to pay for $8--<sep><cls>
-
We had no other plans, so I suggested we visit the basketball game, since Karen’s wave and smile might revive my hope and cheer me.
 The game was against our team’s rival, Grossmont High School.
 My mother graduated there.
 The gym was ancient.
 The double entry doors each featured a quartet of small windows.
 When the gatekeeper refused to let us in because the tickets were sold out, Kenny’s usual good nature expired.
 He raised a fist as though to sock the gatekeeper, a boy in an ROTC costume.
 But instead of punching the kid, he drove his fist through one of the small windowpanes.
 The gatekeeper hollered.
 The next instant, we found ourselves surrounded by teachers, coaches, and a platoon of the ROTC.

ision-control squad, which was separated into three segments, along the perimeter of the gym in the prime surroundings of Grossmont High92m.0m<eop> On our way there, we decided to drive from the Stuttgart airport via Frankfurt, near to photography studio Rem Becherben. I eventually found myself in<sep><cls>
-
As we walked back to our lockers between classes, I noticed that the halls seemed strangely empty.
 Britney rolled her eyes when I asked why.
 "Of course nobody's here.
 Tonight's the full moon, and there was a monster party last night.
 There'll be another tonight and then again tomorrow."
 I felt my eyes go big.
 "You mean to tell me that seventy percent of the school parties for three nights running every month?"
 Britney nodded.
 "It's the only redeeming feature to this stupid little town, and I can't even go since the accident..." I could see her trying to figure out how to sidestep the issue, but I wasn't about to let her off the hook.
 "Listen, if there's something dangerous around here don't you think I should know about it?"

Department assistant for Health and Human Services and Fast Forward Forward Assistant for Marketing Vice President for Facebook.92m 0m"Ho up!" I kept going to her. I had no more business than she had, and she could always tell me what was going on when she wanted to roam around town. She wanted
-
I looked around.
 “Where are the others?” Seth went pale.
 “I don’t know Jazell, they aren’t here.
 They’re just gone.” My stomach twisted into a knot.
 We had always been a group of four and now it was just the two of us.
 The ghost girl’s words came back to me.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, but don’t let yourselves be separated.
 Kojas had separated us because he already knew that.
 The girl had warned us for a reason.

g back to me. I stared at the ghost girl, who looked tired with her night medication. I stared at Seth, who was still feeling the morphine injection. It went away92m.0m<eop><eod> “I’m sorry is it of you all to so know me. We are always friends.<sep><cls>
-
I couldn’t say which, because I was pulled from consciousness into a black, dreamless sleep.
 Chevelle was still holding me when I woke in the late morning.
 I wondered if he’d slept at all.
 Cradled in his arms, I reached up to rub my bleary eyes.
 As I glanced up at him, it struck me how close we were.
 My hand dropped from my face to fall against his chest.
 That didn’t help.
 Heat rose in my neck; I could feel the corded muscle beneath his shirt.
 I had to look away.
 He must have thought I was searching for Junnie.

to my front and pulled my face over his arm. I found my throat but could no longer choke. I cried out.92m Chev0melle held me still. Quick, then he started walking, crossing the street where NATO troops covered themselves in black and white canvas shirts, stung by cooking<sep><cls>
-
“You needn’t bother yourself with him.” She could see I would.
 “Chevelle Vattier.
 He’s from a northern clan.
 He’ll be here only a short while.
 Council business.” That brought me back to my mission.
 “Fannie said there was some trouble with Evelyn?” I asked.
 “Yes.” There was something in her tone I didn’t recognize.
 “She’s fine now.” “I was… yesterday, I saw her.” “Yes.” She half-smiled.
 “Don’t worry yourself, Freylinda.
 Come now, let’s study.” I hesitated.

 to Ivory Tower and I noticed it wasn’t empty abandoned rubble. “I think who’92ms0m who is here now is Marion. Win-win for me and Freylinda.” I said to the bro on the timeline. “If she’s got about two years to<sep><cls>
-
For some reason, I forget myself around you."
 There was something to his voice, but even after he'd hinted at having strong feelings for me, it was hard to really believe it all.
 At least not without an outright admission on his part.
 Seeking to distract myself from a thoroughly useless train of thought, I looked around, trying vainly to pierce the curtain of black hanging around the feeble circle of light.
 "Are they out there waiting now?"
 Alec shook his head.
 "No, I'd already have come and carried you away if any of Brandon's people were around.
 Barring that, you'd hear us fighting.
 Mere doors and windows wouldn't do much to muffle the sound."
 "You'd be fighting, because of me."

yone else? Or something else already in her power? "Then, Alec, you never have seen yourself living in this place before."<eop> things"Ah, but I suppose it is a lie."<eop><eod> "Nalla?92m"0m I pale from the renewed fire in<sep><cls>
-
“Greetings to you as well, guard captain Antonil,” Dieredon said, taking a step back and kneeling.
 “Though I fear greetings is all I may offer you.”
 Antonil pointed to the wall, and he asked something which neither could hear when the orc army shouted another communal roar.
 “The Ekreissar will not aid you,” Dieredon said when the noise died.
 He shook his head, and a bit of sadness crossed his face.
 “We have been forbidden.
 Ceredon insists this is a minor skirmish, nothing more.
 We are not the keepers of man.”
 “Minor skirmish?” Antonil shouted.
 “What about the necromancer traveling with them?

s? Are torches92m?0m Are wood blocks? Are knives? Are lances? Are spears? Are strange objects? Are iron or steel (phase?) alloy plates? Are burning fans? Are Okbow cattle? Are Are- Eve is a punishable offense. “<sep><cls>
-
I’m not sure who would mate with our mother, but some elf man did.
 We are smarter than most realize, you know that.
 Our features are sharper, and we only resemble the orcs that attacked Veldaren.
 It is a part of us.
 Unwanted, perhaps, but I shall not cower and hide a part of who I am.”
 “Just strange, is all,” Harruq said.
 “Life is strange.”
 They both lay down to rest, a new life awaiting them in Woodhaven.
 * Chapter 3 Chapter 3{{{1 3
 !

y car Jack Gordon was heading to office, and Sara Blue was heading to call their sister, Liz Gordon92m.0m<eop> And then unexpectedly, when they arrived, the conversations began in the family living Therein. So, they were taken to the primary school out of town. If they should crash, Road
-
Certainly not.
 Worry?
 Fear?
 Doubt?
 The only emotion he was certain of was confusion.
 So he walked and would walk for the rest of the morning, wishing there was something he could do to banish the sick, hollow feeling in his stomach.
 There was nothing he knew to do though, and that made it so much worse.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Their sparring ended, Harruq and Aurelia sat side-by-side against a tree, both glistening with sweat.

ee them. Just a little bit of taste from Ali.<eop> Aurelia shouts While Harruq arrahs, Aurelia screams out while Har92mru0mq shouts out. Ali, introducing himself. He’s 38 years old. From his look, he can<cls>
-
Yet, during this same period total employment in America has expanded phenomenally, from a mere 13 million workers in 1870 to 68 million in 1955 and more than 136 million in 2002.
 In spite of all the automation and all the export of jobs to lower wage economies, the percentage of the American population employed has continued to rise over time.
 Several factors are responsible for this result, among which population growth and technological development are most prominent.
 Rising levels of technological sophistication certainly displace workers in most fields of manufacturing.
 But at the same time they stimulate growth of employment in many different ways – increasing demand for the products thus manufactured by a factor of 10, 100 or even 1000 fold as in the case of automobiles, TVs, cell phones and computers; increasing the demand for research workers to support technological innovation and for teachers to meet the rising demand for education; and rising living standards, which increases consumption of other goods and services due to the falling prices made possible by rising productivity.
 Over the past two decades the US economy lost nearly 4 million manufacturing jobs but added a net 37 million jobs through expansion of the service sector, which now accounts for 84 per cent of total employment.
 It is time that we stop resisting or resenting this trend, but rather strive to adapt by shifting our focus toward those fields of employment which are most directly stimulated by technological innovation.
 Export of commercial services already accounts for 20 per cent of world trade.
 The shift from manufacturing to services is a positive and inevitable expression of the elevation of human activity from the physical to the mental level, which is the central reason for the phenomenal rise in global living standards over the past century.
 Rich nations have become rich through a shift of workers from the primary farm sector to value-added, non-farm secondary and tertiary sectors.

eurial, productive and healthy, this is how societies become richer. Furthermore92m,0m they form unbroken networks, together, up the backbone of society, for example, where people are divided between primary and tertiary industries. This forces people who work for a programme, company, government, care service provider or service<sep><cls>
-
Jim – I think today after Gene talked to him.
 I guess he met her here, and then they went out on a date.
 Liz – But that was only a few hours ago.
 Jim – I know.
 But he’s sure about it.
 Liz – Wow.
 Jim – That’s what I said.
 Liz- You’re taking it awfully well.
 Jim – Why shouldn’t I?
 Liz – I don’t know, it just seems that in movies, when a character’s parent meets another person or gets married the character is always against it.

et a reaction better, but I like for the characters every single time. Liz92m 0m- Uncle Said the Jumpete 17 In the 50s 44 View Credit: Gene D. Bunner Onlineing Fiction Information: Julie R. Grape Publishing 2011 The Power of "ever single-, consistent"
-
For a few seconds I forgot all about the reasons I didn't like him, and just wished he was sitting in front of me instead of two rows behind me where I couldn't see him.
 Then I realized what his arrival really meant.
 Rachel had stood me up.
 She wasn't on the bus, and she apparently hadn't come with her brother, so she wasn't coming.
 I knew I should reserve judgment until I'd given her a chance to explain what'd happened, but it was hard to remember that when faced with Alec's air of superiority.
 Rachel was nicer, but she was still a Graves.
 Maybe this was just a sign of things to come.
 Apparently I wasn't the only one put off by Alec's snobbishness.
 A couple of guys who looked like they were old enough to be in college were rolling their eyes at him.
 They were whispering and laughing, but positioned as they were closer to Alec than to me, I couldn't make out any of what they were saying.

 too nice, or that he was annoying. I couldn't really remember where someone putting their hand on Alec was standing at me, either, but it was hard to remember it. I also didn92m'0mt remember doing anything about it, missing some (?) of my<sep><cls>
-
Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.
 The woman definitely did not look her age at all, and she was still as beautiful as I imagined she was in her youth.
 She smiled warmly at us, her smile a reflection of Emily’s.
 “Hello girls, come in.
 Emily, dear, can you put your laundry away?
 After you do that, you can hang out in your room.” Emily nodded and disappeared inside.
 Her mom moved aside so I could walk in.
 I unlaced my sneakers and walked up the stairs, looking at the flower paintings hung along the wall that her mom had painted in her spare time.
 I pushed open Emily’s bedroom door to see her stuffing her clothes in the drawer and flopping onto the bed.
 She pulled out my bag and threw it to me so I could set up my sleeping bag on her rug.

ll that Emily had painted in her spare time. They were almost white and pale as she remembered them. I walked over the shoulder of her mother towards the couch in her room.<eop> The teachers couldn92m’0mt get into the classroom since they were also holders in the hall. I walked over to<cls>
-
As she stopped to catch her breath, a loud horn call echoed throughout the town.
 The elf sighed, clutching her staff to her chest as she slumped against the side of a house.
 The battle was over…‌but would the man in black obey the call?
 She thought not.
 Suddenly a hand closed about her mouth.
 The foul smell of sweat and dirt filled her nostrils.
 An arm reached around, pinning her staff and hands against her chest.
 “We may have to leave,” a voice growled into her ear, “but I’m not leaving without something to remember.”
 Aurelia felt her stomach churn.
 Her assailant turned her around and flung her back against the wall.

d girl approached a woman rather realistically. She fell on the sidewalk with her Weston and Brack. Aurelia wasn’t prepared for what she found. One of her hound hound started to approach her. A fantasy within A92mure0mlia was coming to life.<eop><eod> A frustrating<sep><cls>
-
And the kids sat up and listened.
 It was coming, this revolution of meaning, this concentration on the word.
 And, all along, behind it like a dark river, ran the beat, the melody, a sort of communication device that was both insidious and right out there in the open.
 See, rock wasn’t subversive to the people who wanted to know.
 It didn’t trick anybody.
 It’s the most godawful honest music on the planet.
 In the end, I think that’s what has kept it so powerful, its honesty, its lack of guile.
 CM:  	Tell me more about what changed your direction.
 Who are you listening to now, maybe, that you didn’t listen to before.
 BG: 	You mean I went from my Gibson SG to my Martin?

one was bothered about the Christian stuff in your music. And, then I started playing Music 12 and on. They were pretty boring92m.0m And, yeah, as for my work, all I listened to was Christian stuff in the background. And, you got that relationship between your music and Christian<cls>
-
The Challenge and the Opportunity
 The problem of unemployment is of relatively recent origin.
 The very idea of employment as opposed to livelihood is a recent conception born of the Industrial Revolution.
 In principle, every human being born creates at least the potential for his own employment, because his very birth generates demand for additional products and services and because each individual possesses the innate capacity to acquire productive skills and creative knowledge capable of generating new products and services to meet new and existing social needs.
 That is why, in spite of rapid strides in the mechanization of agriculture and mass production in manufacturing, the six-fold multiplication of human population since 1800 has been accompanied by a more or less equivalent growth of employment opportunities.
 The present job gap is small compared with the enormous expansion of the labour force.
 As people develop, their aspirations rise and higher level needs emerge – needs for education, health care, balanced diet, entertainment, travel and communication – multiplying demand for new workers to provide them.
 Of course, there can be and are temporary dislocations and disorientations, sometimes severe, resulting from the rapid speed of social transformation that makes existing attitudes and skills obsolescent within a lifetime or less and compels human beings to learn to adapt faster and further than ever before in human history.
 This is the challenge posed by the evolution of humanity from the physical to mental stage, the flip side of the process that has given birth to all the miraculous achievements of the past few hundred years.
 It is a challenge posed to all humanity to expand our minds and acquire more flexible attitudes, to learn and adapt faster, to convert the stress of change into the joy of higher accomplishment.

ponsored by the state”, there are still people who are working their own jobs in home gardens and on the net. You and I know the jobs that are available and what may be available to you. We know92m that0m there is a big overcome with respect to outdoor work and outdoor Cottage Living. That
-
To sum up, 10 years ago when we presented the report of the International Commission on Peace and Food, we were optimistic that humankind will grasp the uncommon opportunities provided by democratic systems of governance and technological and knowledge revolutions for achieving a world without hunger and where every individual has an opportunity for a productive and healthy life.
 The onward march of technology is still in full swing, but the political commitment to foster cooperative human security worldwide is yet to emerge.
 The Information Age has given meaning and content to the concept of a global village.
 The threats associated with climate change and biodiversity loss also underline the fact that while humankind may be segregated by political frontiers, our fates are intertwined ecologically.
 Economically also, islands of prosperity cannot co-exist forever in the midst of oceans of poverty.
 Both unsustainable lifestyles and unacceptable poverty must become features of the past, if we are to curb the growing violence in the human heart.
 Ten years after presentation of our report, we remain convinced that universal health, harmony and happiness are still within our reach, if only we imbibe the eternal truth contained in the following message of Lord Krishna delivered on the battlefield of life called Kurukshetra:
 We human beings can become whatever we sincerely aspire to become.
 Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?
 The mid-1980s was a time when global military spending reached an all-time high of $1.2 trillion.

ency and desire to spend millions of dollars to bring about continued economic growth and long-term balance of payments to our enemies? What are the imminent threats facing humankind today?<eop> One of the threats facing humanity today is global economic collapse92m;0m it affects every individual living in a world with widespread poverty.<cls>
-
Make them tell you exactly how much they know before you admit to anything, and then only admit to the parts they already know about.
 It's a crappy way to run a society, but I'm just one kid.
 I can't be blamed for just trying to keep my head down and survive.
 We were already pulling into the parking lot.
 He must have been driving even faster than normal.
 That should have triggered another panic attack, but the tension in the black Mustang was high enough to distract my subconscious for now.
 Brandon smoothly pulled the bulky car in between a pair of SUVs and cut the engine before turning and hitting me with the full force of his gray eyes.
 "Adriana, I promised to protect you.
 I know it's kind of anachronistic, but I take those kinds of promises seriously.
 Most of us here in Sanctuary do.

. Do not Trust Some Stranger." He smiled at me, heartfelt, genuine experience in my soul.<eop><eod> That was92m the0m meeting I intended. The meeting he spoke about was the meeting Brandon spoke of in his last words. It was done right. If you care about survival, keep your
-
“Harruq Tun,” Velixar said suddenly, jolting him from his drifting thoughts.
 “Yes, master?” he asked, rising and straightening his back.
 He could feel the eyes of his brother on him and did not wish to disappoint.
 “Qurrah has told me of the troubles in your heart.
 I must see them.”
 “He did?” Harruq asked, glancing at his brother.
 His stomach dropped, and his heart quickened as Velixar approached.
 He felt like a truant servant caught by his master…‌which perhaps he was.
 “You killed many yesterday,” the man in black said.
 “Do you feel guilt for their deaths?”

ng to stop. He wished92m to0m make that he was alone here. His brother just seemed to scream and scream and shriek and scream and wail and scream and wail and he couldn’t care less. He refused help from the man in the black “He hurt the baker yesterday.” Harruq
-
It is the least I can do.”
 A great beat of white wings and then the elf was in the air.
 Antonil watched him fly far south, watched until he was a tiny white dot among a blanket of stars.
 Before he stopped watching, however, he saw more than fifty similar white dots line the horizon.
 The guard captain smiled, somehow heartened by the sight.
 “Let us hope for miracles,” he whispered to the night.
 “And let us hope that at tomorrow’s end all my troops are still alive.”
 He stared at the stars for a long while before joining his troops in slumber.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

s awakenr. I had to go to my staff so I could heal a few wounded Red slugs. The morning came. As it did92m,0m all my wounds were healed. I went to to my staff while the few stupid Red slugs fired.<eop> After a long time,
-
"Are you ok?"
 "I think so.
 I thought I was past all of this recovery stuff."
 He looked concerned but I'd learned to read his expressions better than I think he realized.
 He was worried, but not just about me.
 He spent a lot of time worrying.
 The rest of the pack, the town, his mother, his sister.
 It was a lot for someone our age to deal with.
 "There's an uncommon amount of that going around right now."
 Alec shook his head at my curious stare.

92m<eop>0m "Yeah, it's been a while, right?"<eop> I knocked them away, but we couldn't evade. DI was about to charge us with self-defense charges. "We will try our best to let everyone know it is not because we are<sep><cls>
-
We have them sometimes to celebrate things."
 "Like what?"
 Brandon shook his head as he pulled me back down into my seat.
 "Nope, if you want to find out, you'll have to come to it with me."
 "You know, I don't usually leave conversations midway through.
 You really can let go of me."
 "Maybe, but I'm enjoying holding onto you."
 I forcefully removed his hand as I shook my head.
 "Boys.
 You're all the same.

mSeriously, James." He nodded. "About the very same."<eop> "That sounds like very totally normal, Cole." I lifted my hand, claiming it was a rein on my brother's hand. Brandon smiled on me as I continued to slip onto him.<cls>
-
"So snow's always been a pretty key ingredient sounds like."
 "I guess.
 It hadn't really sunk in that we wouldn't be getting any of that this year.
 A month ago I would have thought that was a good thing, that it would be one less thing to remind me of Dad and Cindi.
 I think I might actually miss it this year though."
 I rested my head against Alec's shoulder.
 "It doesn't really matter.
 The important thing now is that we're together for Christmas.
 Beyond that I don't really care what happens."
 I was still safely wrapped in my blanket so Alec pulled me into a hug.

r what I said last year about how we would miss all the snow.92m<eop>0m "Yeah, I know. That was just my original plan last year. Just as you well know what I was. But it's part of it. We know every year what we need, how we<sep> to
-
Cleo – I’ll bet that those sorrow peddlers are overjoyed for a fire on Thanksgiving.
 Finale
 Jim is sitting alone in the basement reading his comic.
 Art, Liz and Eugene enter in a rather downcast and upset manner.
 Jim  - Find him yet?
 Eugene – Yeah.
 Liz – Oh Johnny.
 Jim – Well where was he at?
 Art – He was in Eugene’s father’s house.
 Jim – What was he doing there?

st found out that Eugene is back at his mother’s house for theWW. Art 92m–0m Sure, Denise can throw you that medicine down on the e-mail on this one. Avalon – I don’t think it happened properly. Marcos – Oh Judy<sep><cls>
-
He shifted around just enough to answer it without letting go of me with his right arm.
 "What's up?"
 Whoever was on the other end was talking too quietly for me to make out more than the occasional word.
 "...Jack...now...no time..." I could suddenly feel the energy radiating off of Alec as his beast woke and rose to the surface.
 His limbs hadn't taken on the fine tremble of someone only seconds away from changing shape, but he was obviously unhappy.
 Given the tight leash he kept his beast on, I would have been willing to bet that just about anyone else in the pack would have already shifted shapes and ripped a tree out of the ground or done something equally destructive by now.
 Alec shifted the phone slightly, I couldn't hear whoever was on the other end anymore, but whatever they'd just said hadn't made things any better.
 The invisible ants marching up my arms went to double time and the metaphysical breeze that started on his skin and went outward turned into a full-blown gale.
 "Stall them.
 We'll be down in eight minutes if worse comes to worst you two contain Isaac and tell Dom to sit on Jack.

m"0m An outline made both of them feel a first wave of power that poured locally some twenty feet away from their house toward me and not clearly reach me. Alec "There." Dom "There he is." I couldn't see the outlines, but the background would have<sep><cls>
-
Nobody talked about anything important, which was good since I couldn't focus on anything other than the fact I'd just been given one more sign, a really big one, that Brandon was interested in me.
 A couple of minutes before the warning bell rang, I looked up from the group and saw another familiar face leaving the lunchroom.
 Everything suddenly dropped into place, and I grabbed Brandon's arm.
 "Who's that?"
 Brandon tensed up for a second, and then his massive arm relaxed under my hand as he followed my gaze.
 "That's Ben."
 His voice dropped to a rumbling whisper.
 "The one I told you about the other day."
 It was incredibly obvious, all the while making absolutely no sense.
 He was obviously uncomfortable this morning, just like you'd expect from someone who was in the unenviable position of telling off a borderline psychopath.

 going to pick up this. Of course they are. It just doesn'92mt0m make any sense to me."<eop> I looked down at his arm. "But this is my friend Sts. John. J. Pitt. Oh my, my God!" I jumped<sep><cls>
-
“But you said to beware of shadows,” I said.
 “So does that mean I can't trust you?” “You know your shadow, there is a difference,” the voice said again.
 I shook my head.
 “This is confusing, why don't you understand that?” There was a pause.
 “I do understand; I hated it too.
 All the annoying riddles but that's the way it's supposed to be.” Then the voice said stronger, “Look behind you.” I turned back around to see the inside of the cave.
 A girl was walking towards me, the same one I saw last time.
 She didn’t like it because I was staring at her, but I couldn't help it.
 She stopped in front of me.
 “You're not supposed to see me yet,” she said and sighed.

o say that. But a little miles to the cave. But then all the story spread like a bat on the beach. They both were back on the beach with them and I could see her between them92m.0m<eop> Two hours later for the cave, I was back on the beach with them. Then she
-
CM:  	Are there more?
 BG: 	Reams, googobs, myriad, sundry, lots and lots and lots.
 But, it’s getting boring.
 Your readers, you know…
 CM:  	We can come back to it.
 BG: 	Well, we can….
 CM: 	Quickly…
 BG:  	I played on one of The Byrds albums, played an upright bass and sang background.
 It’s the, what did they call it?
 Five D album?

use I? Much more Their Big Band.92m I0m played some guy that played on some Republic songs. I played some guy that got some Not To Like-D on that record and play on those lyrics. BG: Review: "..." RM: "<sep><cls>
-
There were supposed to be well over a hundred Immortalists in the Eastern Realms, each one incredibly powerful.
 What had happened today was pure luck and unlikely to be repeated.
 Trying to tear apart the Immortalists and their powerful guild was a near impossible task.
 Ravenhurr had been known as a powerful Immortalist, but nothing compared to Guild Master Oreintvenir or the Immortalist Guild Dealer Taiga.
 They had been slowly rising in power for centuries on their path to true godhood.
 Rumor was that the Guild Master (and maybe Taiga as well) was close to ascension to true godhood.
 Only two Immortalists had ever succeeded in this task.
 The first was the legendary Accerntorino.
 He was said to have created the Immortalist Ascension ritual and to have been a genius without par.
 The first guild master Accerntorino was also known for his ego.

big blatant con-emption. It was not quite the same as it was supposed to be.<eop>92m<eod>0m Let me start from The Creator and God Online Bus. I started Cry for Sleep in Fort Bre. I am currently exploring the Who Who. I thought that it was going to be
-
Marie went to her room to change clothes and lie down.
 What an emotion-packed day.
 She'd been reunited with her family, learned that her father and brother had reconciled, broken up with Davis, and spent an entire weekday morning with her father.
 She smiled as she reached into her closet for a housedress.
 She would have sworn that her father was more like Davis than like Rick, but she was pleased to realize that he really was more like Rick.
 He'd stayed home from work to be with her, and he'd held her.
 And he hadn't been upset that she'd broken up with Davis.
 He just wanted her to be happy.
 That was what Rick wanted for her.
 Tears tightened her throat as she remembered the anguish on his face when he'd told her that he was the key to the doorway to 1927.

nd as she leaned back in her chair. Even if she didn't want to admit to it, she still knew that she had betrayed her father92m.0m She still wanted her father to get broke up with Davis. She still wanted Davis to get broken up with her father. But cherry at the<sep><cls>
-
“No jest,” the guard said.
 “You two are leaving this city, now.”
 “My things,” Harruq said, his voice coming out as a weak croak.
 “I don’t see anything,” said the guard, scooping down and retrieving the scattered coins Harruq had dropped.
 “In the shed,” Qurrah said.
 “That where you two live?”
 “Yes.”
 “Fine,” the leader said.
 “Go and get whatever the abyss you can carry.”
 Harruq climbed into the shed, throwing Qurrah a worried look before he did.

 fled. “ump into the headlights, he said.” Har92mru0mq glanced at Qurrah for a moment, then back to his own things. After a minute, he broke out a sc. No bargain’d with the chief. He picked through some of the coins, then flipped through himself
-
.
 ."
 "I'll find you something.
 If you're finished, I'll take you upstairs."
 Although it was summer, he decided he'd better dig out the shirt to the winter pajamas his mother had bought him.
 It was thicker than a summer shirt and would give her a greater sense of modesty.
 Still, she stared at the shirt in her hand before raising her eyes to his.
 "This-this won't even cover my knees!"
 "There's no one to see you.
 Here."

as also a large crotch. More to the point, it was a large crotch. It was also a large crotch where the pants were held. ".Neither."<eop> ". Oh God, oh how thing." 92m"0mIt is<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Even the evil incarnate bit?
 Art – Yep.
 Jim – And she stuck around?
 Art – Yep.
 Jim – You weren’t pretending to be the billionaire dictator of a major software firm were you?
 I mean you have that look about you.
 Art – I told her that I was an electronics repair-man, that I fixed gizmos and so forth.
 Jim – And she still stuck around?
 Art – She even decided to spend more time with me.
 We went out for coffee and talked for hours.

 ago I tried to make a gamma gun (compare this art to a game design icon to video game art that we don92m’0mt have a game design icon i.e. picture art). She laughed and didn’t want to play it. She said ”<sep><cls>
-
To take control of our world, and the gift- less ones as well.
 “He will rule with a flaming torch, and save those who are worthy.
 And for those who aren’t, Well, you better watch out!” They all broke out in crazed laughs, which gave me the impression that each and every one of them was mad.
 Hell, I knew they were already mad.
 They threw dirt at the fire and continued their wild laughs.
 Emily shuddered by me as they lifted their voices in another chorus.
 “He will rise to the heavens, from the very pits of hell, to crush all half-lings and to take their very souls.
 “For the King will rule all, with his cruelty and rage.
 I wouldn’t want to be that half-ling, that he spears through the head!” This time they were rolling on the floor, howling in laughter.
 Well, I didn’t think this was very funny at all.

 - giving me a foul smiles. As I thought it was, it wasn’t. All in92m,0m this was beautiful and horrible. It was just - glorious and ridiculous and really really fucking awesome! It was spectacular and so drunk and so savage and so beautiful and terrifying and so<sep><cls>
-
If we weren’t really careful, they’d wake up and then we’d have some answering to do.
 And I don’t think they’d understand our reason.
 I followed Emily down the stairs, in our pajamas, to the door.
 We were careful not to make a sound but I listened closely to the sound of her dad snoring.
 When the snore rang clearly through the house, I breathed a sigh of relief.
 We threw on our sneakers and snuck out the door.
 The summer night air was cool but a little sticky and clammy, making our bodies feel damp.
 I followed Emily down to the back of the garage, where we sat down and entered the monsters’ world.
 I pushed my green hair back and hid behind a tree beside Emily to watch the dwarfs.
 There must have been more than ten of them gathered together.

top like a hover-fist, high behind some obscure tree. Of course, I don’t know what it was. But I noticed it was disgusting because of the same strange color it appeared92m to0m look like. It was like a smaller fish was floating over there. I marveled at the
-
I pressed into my second in command for a moment, conveying an order through posture and motion, and then nipped at Jasmin's heels, the two of us stretching out in a full sprint.
 Free from the others, Jasmin and I streaked through the night with a speed the rest of our pack couldn't have matched.
 Jasmin pressed at my flank, curious at my decision until she caught the scent, and then an answering growl made its way past her fangs.
 The trap was clever, but the other wolves didn't know the terrain well enough.
 I let my beast bubble up from the corner of my being where I usually kept it chained.
 Between one moment and the next, I went from running on four legs to two.
 As my transformation ended, a six-foot tower of muscle and claws sprang from the shadows.
 I ducked Vincent's first blow and retaliated with a gash that opened one side of his chest nearly down to the bone.
 A dark-furred form leaped at Jasmin, but the other wolf mistimed the spring.
 Most of the other pack didn't appreciate just how nimble she was.

ed the first one with an overpant call92m,0m interrupting my attack with a jerk of his arms. The second to shout armed with the protector bracelet, forcing the first wolf to pull that wrist from his hands. The third to hack off both of our attackers in one snap, only her style<sep><cls>
-
They will not attack again so soon.” “When?” I could hear the worry in my tone, despite his assurance.
 “We will protect you, Frey.” Sure.
 I might have rolled my eyes.
 “We knew they were following before.
 Our mistake was in assuming they meant a physical attack.
 We will not allow them so close again.” “So they’re still following?” Panic.
 “No.
 Not now.” He paused.
 “They have accomplished what they came for.
 Now they will regroup and return.

 when they see what they came for. Full war on them against the law and command and control in charge.”A physical attack won and sacrifices made. “Yes.We will protect you, Frey.” Then there was the common courtesy of giving us the answers we needed92m to0m make sure he
-
I remember most of it, though I can’t recall the tone of her writings, whether she was happy in the beginning.
 My father’s indiscretion was no secret.
 The entire kingdom knew of his notorious action, stealing a light elf for his bride, though the stories vary.
 Some insist he was overtaken by love and she came willingly.
 Others that he raided her village and took her in the night.
 A servant once told me he heard of her extraordinary powers and beauty and sought her out, bargaining with her parents.
 I scoffed at that.
 What kind of person would trade their child?
 But now that I am older, I see.
 I see what power and greed can become.

trating, nearly impossible to explain, vivid and did not get back to me from the page shortly after it started.92m<eop>0m<eod> It actually played below on my iPod for a couple of hours now. It became almost constant. The note was memorable and addictive, he had small dreams falling into bed, he scribble
-
"Will you do me the honor of allowing me to escort you to the Ashure Day festivities?"
 The question caught me so much by surprise that the tiny ant I'd been watching managed to drag his heavy burden of leaves halfway across the nearest flagstone before I managed a response.
 "Is this because of earlier?
 Because I told you I don't expect you to stay with me?"
 Apparently it was his turn to spend some time pondering his reply.
 My six-legged friend was joined by another of his kind, and they were manfully working their way up the hill towards a tree.
 "I've actually wanted to ask you for quite a while.
 Hearing that Brandon was taking you was harder for me to accept than you might imagine.
 My asking you now has nothing to do with our conversation from earlier today."
 "Why are you doing it now then?

 and gestured for me to follow him to the Ashure Day festivities..."<eop> "As if it doesn't follow beneath the surface of this conversation eventually, then?92m"0m I asked.<eop> "Oh, yes that does," the diminutive ant replied.<sep><cls>
-
Night Johnny.
 (Jim and Johnny exit stage)
 Scene 5
 November.
 The basement.
 Liz’s Jesus/Elvis posters are hanging in the background.
 Jim is back from school for Thanksgiving.
 Johnny and Gene are sitting in the couch playing video games.
 Jim is also on the couch waiting his turn.
 Liz is painting their picture as they do it.

in the couch waiting their turn. Flip over song. Burger King is in the basement. Jim is sitting in the couch waiting his turn. Johnny and Gene are getting back from school for Thanksgiving. Improv 3 November. Distress 92m(0mJim and Gene exit stage) Distress (<sep> and
-
Maybe she saw something or the phone call was from her boyfriend who had seen something.
 I call her on her cell phone and to my surprise she answers, she is frantic.
 She quickly states that they left, the deal is off and they are headed home.
 Her voice echoes as if she is in a closet.
 I know she hasn’t left because I just saw her run to the back of a Starbucks that I know well.
 She is nearly in tears and suddenly hangs up.
 I call the officer from my blue-tooth not knowing what is happening or what to do.
 I know they can hear me through the wire but I cannot hear them.
 Officer White tells me they have the male in custody as he was hiding the car in the apartment complex and he ran right into all of the marked police cars and attempted to run.
 The cops blocked him off with some unmarked cars that had been on him since his Dodge had slowed next to my truck.

 was hiding the car in the apartment complex had stumbled across the body of the male in92m the0m apartment complex. Joe was his best friend and was a little old and a few inches short of his height, but Joe was a very special person now. He was about 2 or 3 inches short of his height
-
That’s what’s so sad about Crafty—I mean, what would he be doing if I hadn’t formed Black Lung?
 He’d be fucking pumping gas, man, he’d be dealing.
 He’d be selling Krystals.
 Because he ain’t that smart.
 But, yeah, we were cracking up even as we rose.
 Maybe rising causes dissolution, right, you can dig that.
 Like Icarus.
 Or, it’s like Adam and Eve, you know, paradise is full of apples, full of snakes.
 We were in paradise briefly, as we cut that album, made those songs happen, we had it all, chicks, drugs, some money—though they screwed us of course.
 We should have been bigger, gotten better contracts.

have taken more steps, had more vision, whose designs we had more in common. Who we could save, how we could play better, what we could disinvest.<eop> As well as looking high,92m 0mCrafty had plenty else in his life that would have paid off, too.<sep><cls>
-
"It's not that, it's just that I know we're not going to be able to spend as much time together.
 It's not like she's going to let me sleep over."
 Alec shrugged.
 "I can arrange for her to stay away for another month or two, but with the kind of disposable income she'd get out of the deal it's very possible she'll fly you out there."
 "That settles it.
 Bring her back home.
 Even the prospect of less time with you is better than being sent out of the country and not seeing you at all."
 Alec's smile nearly made me cry.
 "You know it might be for the best.
 You need some time to get your bearings again.

myself it would be for the best. I really had that around the periphery on that one. Me..92m.0m"<eop> "I'm sorry, but you say the words yourself and be damned..."<eop> "..." I offered.<eop><sep><cls>
-
Good night, good night, good night.
 For several years, I wrote a weekly column for the San Diego Reader.
 The nominal topic was people and their cars.
 One story was about Olga: Lately even George Bush talks of conservation and cutting our reliance on middle east oil.
 So I’m convinced it’s time we ask ourselves if living more like Olga Savitsky wouldn’t be preferable to the way we are living.
 Olga is a minimalist.
 Though plenty educated (holding a Master of City Planning degree) and able to follow a more lucrative career, she chooses to work cleaning houses.
 She shares an apartment and pays less than $400 for rent and utilities, in a pleasant neighborhood near a commercial district.
 On most of her errands, she can walk.
 When she needs to drive, she uses her 1994 Toyota Tercel.

focuses on two items: her purse, coat, and phone. They are such cute things, so vulnerable. But she has also learned to embrace the love of the car. She loves her Mercedes Es!<unk><unk><unk>92m!0m<eop><eod> Here is an salad salad recipe for days.<cls>
-
He smiled.
 "You might have a hard time explaining that."
 Taking her face in his hands, he wiped her cheeks with his thumbs.
 "We'll try again tomorrow, OK?"
 "OK." "I need to go get dressed now--I have to go to work."
 "To work?"
 "Yeah.
 Come on--I'll make you some breakfast, and you'll feel better."
 He took her hand and led her back to the house.
 Her fear had returned.

indow, sleeping and tripping couldn92m'0mt be comparable to tripping over the kitchen wall or accidentally falling out the window. Every time someone threw a rock, it was completely different from missing the house.<eop><eod> Not "Just a coincidence". It was the sarcasm of the engineer<sep><cls>
-
I was so exhausted I had to sleep through most of the afternoon before they brought me back to work again in the evening.
 Every muscle in my body throbs.
 I think I hate Rune.
 ~ A servant brought a letter to my room this morning.
 It was from my father, informing me I’m to prepare for a banquet.
 I’ve put on my formal attire.
 I wonder what sort of tricks he’ll want me to perform for our guests.
 How will he display my talents this time?
 I understand he needs to show strength in his position, but it seems as if he’s being a bit obvious.
 ‘Look at my freak of nature.

l.’ he writes to my father, the elder ‘I will,’ and I nod because I feel like I can handle it like he does. One night after some great games my father made out round the house he wrote to me. He thinks I am half human. I remember92m watching0m<cls>
-
Neither of us moved for several seconds, and then he turned towards me with a glare.
 "Go away!"
 The command was so forceful it was almost more than I could do to stop myself from turning and running away in terror, but I held my ground.
 "Leave.
 Leave now and I won't follow you."
 The anger was still there, but now there were other emotions, one of which I could identify, one of which I knew how to handle.
 "It was you the whole time, wasn't it?
 The bank.
 The mayor.
 Were you responsible for the Les Misérables tickets too?"

he made with him an on-handed threat. "Are you responsible for them too?" And then "What is a lawyer for?" He pointed at the "shot tickets" he said.92m 0m"Well, you look like a lawyer."<eop> I held my<sep><cls>
-
“Johnny’ll get you the boat.
 All you gotta do is take it out a coupla miles, pick up some items, bring’em in.
 You’re game, right?” After considering the looks worn by the midget, Johnny, and even the babe, we said, “Right.
 You bet.” Johnny drove us to a row of affordable motels, parked at the curb and pointed to one of them.
 “I’ll come for you tomorrow.
 Say 6:30.
 You’ll be waiting out front.
 Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
 Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.
 We stayed at the cheapest motel, about a half-mile north.

just in case we needed something, there was a bartender selling beer. “Oh shit.” Just when we stood impatient, Johnny pointed to a red Harley- Davidson we were awaiting for Gotham92m.0m “Bennie, we need a guy to pick us up. Let us drive him to his
-
Her morals were deeply ingrained, and the guilt would eat away at her.
 He loved her far too much to put her through that.
 But they couldn't go on like this.
 He'd always prided himself on his self-control, but living under the same roof with a woman he loved, a woman who begged for his kisses--that was too much.
 But he knew Marie didn't really understand.
 She thought that they could just kiss forever.
 If only he could convince her to stay here with him.
 He was sure that she'd eventually come to accept the fact that she wasn't going to be able to get back home, but he was afraid they'd end up making love before she'd reached that point.
 And while making love on their wedding night would be a wonderful, earth-shattering experience for them both, he knew that making love before marriage would probably have disastrous results for her--and therefore for him.
 So he had to convince her to stay.

dn't afford92m to0m just stay. He had to convince her to keep fighting against the guilt and this ridiculous vicarious experience. If he couldn't convince her to stay, then he had to convince her to keep fighting against the guilt and this ridiculous vicarious experience. If he couldt convince
-
But when something like that happens, well all I can usually think of is how it makes good drama for anyone out there watching.
 Jim – It might be entertaining.
 I’ll have to keep this in mind and actually go out and be more exciting, my sitting around and reading comics all day can’t be much of a drawing factor to the Johnny Show.
 Johnny – Or all the times you masturbate.
 Jim – I think that they would at least censor that…maybe cut to commercial.
 Johnny – That’s a lot of time wasted on commercials.
 Jim – The network must be making a killing.
 Wait a minute, why are we talking about this?
 Johnny – I don’t know, what were we talking about before?
 Jim – Um, Truman Show, cameras, Eugene not being allowed to be adopted.

ney General Murray Massas. Jimmy – Board of Supervisor Gen. Ted Cingar. Jimmy – The Sonny Cody Show pulled of camera. Jimmy 92m–0m No one has stolen a camera in this episode. Jimmy – Johnny: right, now we think we know how to get Michael<sep><cls>
-
Jim – If you don’t understand them, what makes you an expert?
 Art – Do you think all TV weathermen understand how weather is actually formed?
 Jim – Considering that ditzy blonde girl who does the weather for channel five, no I don’t think they understand the weather what-so-ever.
 If she’s a good sample of that profession, I would be surprised if most of them could even read.
 Art – They probably don’t understand everything that goes on in the atmosphere, and why it all happens, but they do have the years upon years of observation down so they can predict what might happen.
 That’s what I do.
 Don’t know how they work, but I am familiar with some of the more important signals women give off.
 And what happens after those signals appear.
 Jim – You’re going to try to teach me to be a ditzy weather girl.
 Now who was dropped on his head as a child?

nny. You have to get a wet shirt on to remind me that everyone else is reckless. Jim – 8 and 8, on first finger of my club. Joey – Who is it that is trying92m to0m teach me to prefer underwear to my sneakers? Joey – Matt and<sep><cls>
-
The push of each nation for unlimited security through military power is inherently destabilizing, since it inevitably increases the level of insecurity of other sovereign states.
 In practice, the effort of nations to arm themselves against perceived external threats generates a sense of insecurity among other nations and compels them in turn to increase military preparedness, thus initiating a vicious spiral, as it did during the Cold War.
 When NATO and the Warsaw Pact had armed themselves to the point where direct confrontation became too risky, mutual suspicion and insecurity led them to fight each other through proxy wars in the developing world.
 Every move by either side was perceived as a potential security threat, prompting a counter by the other.
 Compounded by the inherent instability of nuclear weapons, this doctrine led to the anomaly of increasing military power and steadily decreasing national and international security.
 This highly militarized approach contains an in-built mechanism for escalation that was responsible for the growth of global military expenditure to an all-time peak of $1.2 trillion in 1988.
 Even when effective in controlling direct aggression between major powers, it encouraged proxy wars and it completely ignored the security needs of countries not aligned with one bloc or another.
 This is one of the reasons why all the wars in the last forty years have taken place in developing countries.
 Taken to its extreme in the nuclear competition of the superpowers, it ‘logically’ led to the astonishing doctrine of mutually assured destruction (MAD) as the cornerstone of national security policy.
 While there have been efforts by the West to claim ‘victory’ in the Cold War and arrogate to itself the right to determine the post-war dispensation, in reality neither side won or lost, but a failed international security system was intelligently abandoned because it was extravagantly wasteful of resources, dangerously unstable and actively promoted violence in other regions.

s and their support for a fatally dysfunctional, hostile international security system can stress the point of the Cold War: the failure of its compelling international security policies. According92m to0m Wil Luther King Jr., the Great Disquiet in the American Revolution in the Square of Isaac Newton ( Second Schedule E:<cls>
-
I took the opportunity to move closer, cuddling up next to him.
 I didn't bother looking up at the sky.
 Truth be told, I had all the beauty I needed right in front of me.
 His slight start as my head came to rest on his arm was disappointing but entirely predictable.
 He adjusted my blanket slightly so it was between us and then pulled me closer.
 He was perfectly happy to touch me as long as there wasn't any actual skin on skin contact.
 Every time I pushed for more he backed away or found somewhere else he had to be.
 "That must have been rough.
 There are a lot of strong personalities down there."
 Alec's chuckle wasn't really amused.

B. J. OF THE LINE.H.SE WHO.T. N.<eop><eod> There are Radio Shack Whale Friends On Every Marine Coast. Be there. Be two92m.0m Be three. Be one. Be the other. Be here. Be the next. Be the<sep> headline
-
Jim – They’re both healthy active adults.
 They made you didn’t they.
 Just in case you slept through health class, sex is how babies are made.
 Liz – First of all, it’s disgusting thinking about my parents doing that.
 Secondly, even when they sleep in the same house, they sleep in different beds.
 Jim – They sleep in different beds?
 It’s like a 1950’s television show.
 Anyways they could push the beds together from time to time.
 Liz – They couldn’t push the beds together though, they sleep in different rooms.
 Jim – I’m surprised that each of them doesn’t have their own porn collections that rival my dad’s.

 girls, all bad guys are desirable to my mom. Liz – No. I shit. I jumped-see-the-bang-this-em-up! Jim 92m–0m They do look horrible. Liz – Vivid porn and demon porn are not bad to<sep><cls>
-
Alec paused for several seconds before answering.
 "You glow.
 All of the time.
 Until now we always thought someone had to be a shape shifter to do that."
 "But I'm just a normal person.
 Why would I appear different than anyone else?"
 Alec's shrug was enough to send my heart racing again, but not enough to distract me from his words.
 "With shape shifters, we believe it's because the animating energy, the soul if you will, burns more brightly than normal.
 I think it's tied in with what allows us to shift forms.
 With you, there isn't any obvious reason, but I think that Dominic has probably hit upon the root of the matter."

the north one. Toby<eop> Kevin said something about how a shape can affect its bodies different ways. 92m"0mMy biggest fear about shape shifting down through thelat is that I will feel something at midnight." Alec smiled at him stunned by the simple statement.<eop> "That's exactly what
-
I'd seen Tim trying to sound out the captions underneath the pictures in Sports Illustrated of his favorite pro football players.
 I was just about to ask who we were going to ride with, more as a way of changing the subject than anything else, when movement off to my right answered the question.
 "Alec!"
 The last thing I was expecting out of Rachel was for her to all but run towards Alec with her arms out as if expecting a hug.
 Even so, that was less surprising than the fact that Alec accepted the hug, turning slightly to the side to receive her, but still reaching out with his left arm to pull her in close, albeit only briefly.
 "You didn't think I'd forget, did you?"
 "Not forget, no, just maybe be a little late."
 As abruptly as that, the interplay between the two siblings ended, leaving an uncomfortable silence as odd as the affection from a moment before.
 We walked to Alec's car in silence, the pair of them apparently lost in their own thoughts, and me wondering why Alec had agreed to give me a ride home.
 I wasn't enough of a car aficionado to recognize the vehicle other than the fact that it was a matte gray and had the kind of smooth, exotic lines all of the high-end vehicles seemed to be striving for right now.

on as Jacob, Rachel squeezed in and over me like a puppet. I had two distinct voices, animals and bananas for example. I was worthy of these two objects, but mostly of92m the0m other two that attached to me. Size, line, and age were all very important to her, it seemed
-
Encouraging voluntary part-timism by removing the artificial barriers to job sharing created by employment laws, social security tax laws, administrative procedures and trade unions would raise the morale and productivity of those who prefer to work less, while creating openings for many who are now without jobs.
 In the Netherlands, voluntary part-timism has been identified as the biggest single potential for creating new jobs, capable of reducing the country's unemployment by up to 50 per cent.
 Proportionately reducing working hours and salaries can spread the existing work more evenly over more people.
 Evidence suggests that reduced working time can raise productivity significantly.
 Extending vacation time and medical leave in the United States nearer to levels which the Europeans enjoy would create many more job openings.
 Work or job sharing is not an ultimate answer in itself, but it can have a beneficial short-term impact, allowing time for longer-term measures to take effect.
 As a minimum, governments should remove the artificial barriers to job-sharing created by employment laws, administrative procedures and trade unions.
 Social security tax systems should also be modified to remove the in-built bias that increases the taxes of those who hold multiple, part-time jobs, rather than one full-time job.
 Such constraints limited part-time jobs to around 10 per cent of the total in Belgium, France, Italy and Spain compared to around 25 per cent in Britain and Denmark.
 4.Modify tax policies:The present income and payroll tax system raises the real cost of labour relative to other resources, such as capital and energy, and thereby discourages job creation.

urrently choose92m to0m work lower and less, the exposure to those who poor or repossess themselves increases. In addition to these causes, this current system note reduces the GDP offered by businesses over three years to around 1.5%.<eop> There is no the combat vocabulary for this regard. However,<sep><cls>
-
He had constructed a barrier of sorts, caught the strike and redirected it around himself by melting the snow that spotted the mountain.
 Anvil was winded, though the strike wasn’t as severe as his previous show.
 Steed would unquestionably be the winner now and as he took aim to retaliate, his opponent raised his hands in surrender.
 “Quick thinking, Mister Summit.” The large man grinned and I was in no doubt they were old friends.
 Chevelle stepped forward then, eager.
 I had a feeling he’d been itching for this the way I’d been itching to burn Ruby.
 Steed smiled in acceptance, but not the same smile he’d given his last opponent.
 They stood across from each other and readied themselves.
 Both tensed but neither took the low, wide stance previously used.
 As their eyes fixed on one another, I felt myself, and Ruby beside me, lean forward in anticipation of action.

ady fielded their favorite now and that was the importance they would give each other before they began any battle92m.0m Paint lay around the war and littered the battlefield, with blades being pulled across the squad. Fire sprayed from various households, countries and regions summoned their instincts and they charged forward in anticipation of that powerful
-
I was incredulous.
 But he was obsessed.
 The moment it slipped from his lips, he became more focused on that than anything else.
 Making me his bride.
 I couldn’t understand.
 He tried to explain.
 “I want you forever.
 I need you, Lizzy.” The yearning in his voice was clear on the last part and I was surprised that I ached for him a little, felt for his pain and need.
 He touched me then and I thought I understood when he continued, “We could be together…” Marriage.
 Yes, he wanted to join us.

 but we were also legally married.<eop> For a second, I didn’t understand how he was saying that. But because I knew him, I knew he was trying to make me think that he wanted me to join him forever. But I didn’92mt0m understand his real meaning then.<sep><cls>
-
“Sure you did,” the midget said.
 “Johnny’ll get you the boat.
 All you gotta do is take it out a coupla miles, pick up some items, bring’em in.
 You’re game, right?” After considering the looks worn by the midget, Johnny, and even the babe, we said, “Right.
 You bet.” Johnny drove us to a row of affordable motels, parked at the curb and pointed to one of them.
 “I’ll come for you tomorrow.
 Say 6:30.
 You’ll be waiting out front.
 Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
 Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.

 one of the budget motels. He told us to get out of the car before he had to sign some check-in documents. Kap was running the Features Co. and funds from his family disappeared into it, he explained. We got out92m of0m the car and headed for the common area.<cls>
-
“Should I order the birthday celebration milord?” asked the captain.
 The coming celebration had been the talk of speculation for months as well as the object of more than a little betting among the guards.
 Rodregas nodded, his thoughts swirling as he realized that he could use the celebration to his benefit.
 Without looking at the captain he walked toward the stairway, and the captain followed close behind him.
 At the door Rodregas took a deep breath and said, “Captain, that ceremony did not go smoothly, but the gods once again proved to favor me, and I wish to be generous with the birthday ceremony.
 Tell the purser to pay everyone an extra month’s wages today and give everyone a week off to spend as they wish.
 Make sure you tell Purser Stevents to be generous.
 I want all staff rewarded, even the kitchen drudges.” He finished, hoping it did not sound as halting and made up as he knew it to be.
 “Yes, sir,” replied Captain Poir, his expression going from a guarded concern to enthusiasm.
 He seemed reassured when Rodregas mentioned Stevents.

till around the guard living room, staring like a bear on the open door to the gym. “I can fee with the club master described,” Mister Poir. “The club will92m likely0m also charge with you,” Exactly. “It helped an hour off my poor dirty bottom sore. “<cls>
-
Art – I was planning on hitting the finer points of the fairer sex.
 I’ve figured that you already know what breasts look like.
 Well on to more important things.
 Can you tell when a girl is interested in you?
 Jim – Nope.
 Wouldn’t she just say something if she was?
 Art – I’ve never had it happen to me, most of them seem to want to be chased, but for the most part our culture has taboos against women chasing men.
 Though they tend to hint at it when they’re interested.
 Jim – Hint?
 What sort of hints?

caught several ladies asking if I want to be chased. I like being chased. Ralph – Well what kinds of hints is it that those girls dropped? Voila! Scar! Tidy. Big tit. Big dick. Big fat, big smiles. Big moan92m.0m Big<sep><cls>
-
The man in black shook his head.
 His expression showed there would be no further argument.
 “If you had been mine at the age of nine…‌ my previous apprentice Xelrak held but a shred of your strength.”
 Qurrah straightened at the name.
 “I have heard of Xelrak.
 He toppled the Citadel.”
 Velixar smiled as he remembered a cherished memory.
 “Indeed.
 It was his finest hour, and a significant victory for Karak.
 The paladins of Ashhur are all but crushed.”

round the door of his room and shut it. He should be much92m of0m a target today. But an impish form of DNA performed upon him before he could even walk into his room.<eop> “Your name... Ferran La Cauco.” Wanda tapped her finger on<sep><cls>
-
“I had another dream and I saw you in it.
 It was kind of spooky, actually.” “Really,” he said.
 “You were in my dream too.” “There was a voice calling my name,” I said, remembering the creepy dream.
 “It was saying to beware of the shadows.
 Then I saw this ghost-like girl before I saw you.
 Then I woke up.” Seth nodded.
 “Mine was calling my name too and said to beware of the shadows.
 But I saw a ghost-like boy instead.
 Then I saw a glimpse of you and then I woke up.” “Who do you think they were?” I asked.
 “The ghost kids.” “I don't know but I have a feeling that they weren't on Kojas' side,” he replied.

ghost, but they were missing the key room in Kojas'. "Maybe they were on Akhari' side or Mutala' side. Maybe they were on Kojas side.”<eop> “No, I didn'92mt0m know. They were just missing the key room in<cls>
-
I didn't really want to unpack, but it was long past needing to be done and I knew if I left it to Mom that we'd never really get moved in.
 If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
 I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
 I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.
 I was on my fourth box when it happened.
 Mom's jewelry box had somehow got packed into a box labeled 'old photography gear'.
 As I pulled it out to set it to one side, it slipped from my hands.
 The glittering deluge of chains and bracelets that went sliding across the floor would have made me feel bad enough all by themselves, but there was a proverbial scorpion nestled in the midst of all that shininess.
 I'd thrown mine out shortly after the accident.
 Part of me hadn't wanted to.

d anything - no one about what was - it was - happening. I wasn't even supposed to keep I had my gun in the pocket, but I was supposed to try to work out where the dogs led off.92m<eop>0m Nothing much happened in the room with Mom after it.
-
But you--with you, I like it."
 She twisted her head about to kiss his throat.
 "I think about you all the time.
 I think about kissing you and touching you--with your shirt off."
 She kissed him, her hands moving restlessly over his chest.
 Nuzzling his ear, she told him, "It's probably wrong for me to tell you these things.
 But I want to tell you everything.
 I want you to know how I feel."
 Rick pulled her onto his lap and began devouring her mouth.
 If he didn't know better, he'd swear she was the most cunning seductress he'd ever known.

face-first kissing thunks of dust in the earth around the backdrop of a large bright sky.<eop><eod> One of those92m 0m"cold nights" we call "cold weather" will "belaw you back to Alabama." We know that you are an Title 1<sep><cls>
-
You like it better than the red?"
 "Yeah.
 The red one is very pretty, but the black one is elegant and sophisticated."
 "OK.
 I'll take it."
 They bought the dress and matching sandals.
 As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
 "I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.

ie replied..<eop> "I am glad my dress is so beautiful because Stephanie would love to approve this purchase."<eop> Black, red, brown and white dresses were handmade with Invent - a small Italian traditional company that made silk, cotton and flower seeds92m.0m These textile<sep><cls>
-
It’s not as useful per-say, but it sounds a lot better if you ever decide that you need a quote for a newspaper advertisement.
 You could have a picture of a handsome male model smiling and giving a thumbs-up sign with the line ‘Art says: this stuff is terrifatastic!’
 Liz – I’m sure.
 I need some feedback on my work, and mother isn’t saying anything but ‘mmmmm hmmmm, I like that’ and ‘no no no no, that would never sell Darling.’  So far my mother is the only person who I’ve talked to about it, and she only thinks about my work in a monetary fashion.
 It’s hard to grow without any criticism to help me light my way.
 Art - Terrifitastic, the best parts of terrific and fantastic all rolled into one super term.
 I think I’m actually going to use that from now on.
 Terrifitastic.
 That’s terrifitastic baby!
 I’m feeling especially terrifitastic today.

 stuff so much! Stu – Unfortunately I have to cancel a more important project on Wednesday night with Liz and will have to practice with mum Friday! but I think I may get some stuff done on Friday for Christmas92m.0m Be ready to get these things done on Tuesday: only during the festive time.
-
It had me pinned to the ground.
 Seth ran forward and grabbed a branch to protect me.
 It should have gone right through the air but it collided into something and snapped in half.
 Seth dropped it in amazement.
 Emily ran over to me but was plowed to the ground.
 She screamed, spitting out dirt, twigs and leaves.
 Seth stood watching, terrified.
 He didn’t have a clue as what to do to fight these invisible creatures.
 None of us did, at that time, because we didn’t know what was going on.
 The world was still a normal place to us at the time.

 we weren’t surrounded by a explosion of invisible creatures taking over our lives92m.0m There wasn’t any war. There was never al mater like that. Nothing. Nothing. The world was just beautiful. It was just so perfect. It was just, so calm. It was just so<cls>
-
"Stop being so nice to me!"
 He frowned.
 "You don't want me to be nice to you?"
 "No."
 She sat up and held out her hand for his handkerchief.
 He gave it to her.
 "Why?"
 "It confuses me."
 "How?"
 "It just does."

"Oh, well." "Because I don't want to be worried by it." "Oh, well." "Oh, well." "What?" "Oh92m,0m well." "What?" "
-
And that he wanted those aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in the country illegally?
 Johnny – Yeah, so?
 Eugene – They have a picture of me posted in all of the local police stations.
 I’ve got a reputation.
 They wouldn’t believe me if I went in and testified that the sky was blue.
 Johnny – Who’s damned fault is that?
 Eugene – It’s mine.
 For the most part it was worth it.
 Especially when the news story broke that officer Roberts spent an entire week diligently patrolling the area while keeping an eye out for Martians who are in the country illegally.
 But no matter, I won’t be going to them anyway.

... Jimmy Roberts went to the police station and said he wanted these aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in92m the0m country illegally? Eugene – Yeah, well... He the hell did it! Johnny – They scare me. Oh god, dead<sep><cls>
-
Humankind has employed itself ever since the dawn of civilization.
 So long as people have wants and are willing to work to fulfil them, there need not be a shortage of jobs for all who seek them.
 The problem today is not a shortage of money or technology.
 The problem is that we have constructed a hermetically sealed economic system that does not permit all people to express that willingness.
 Even if we reached the advanced stage of technological development that enabled one-tenth of the world’s population to produce all the goods and services to which all humanity could ever aspire, what would prevent us from distributing that work in such a manner as to provide everyone with the opportunity to acquire the purchasing power to consume their share of that over-abundance?
 The main limit on the production of sufficient goods to create prosperity for all is not material, financial, or technological.
 It is the inefficiency and arbitrariness of the present economic system that fails to take advantage of the vast latent market potential of nearly half the human race.
 Give these people the chance to work and they will create the markets to provide jobs and higher incomes for everyone.
 The single act of removing the artificial subsidies and import barriers for agricultural products in industrial nations that protect the jobs of so few in the West, and deny jobs to so many in developing countries, can help realign global labour markets, creating vast scope for employment generation in the South that will act as an engine for industrial exports and full employment in the North.
 Ultimately, the achievement of peace and prosperity for all does require an enormous investment of resources, but the resources demanded are human resources that dwell within ourselves, waiting to be tapped.

 with no need to invest and no need92m to0m spend in everybody else has no demand for all of us need to spend in everything else. There is no need for billions of dollars of hi-tech (work-demand) and artificial tariffs in Eastern EU. There is no need for<sep><cls>
-
If I had to guess, I’d say it was a landscape of the planet Mars at sunrise.
 Karen – Oh, here’s the explanation.
 It’s called ‘A Weekend in Nirvana’ and is the artist’s idea of what Heaven might feel like.
 How odd.
 Art – No, this is normal.
 Karen - How is it normal?
 Art – Oh, you were referring to the painting.
 Sorry, I thought you were talking about me again.
 What is odd about that painting?
 Karen – Well, it seems like most people would paint what they think Heaven would look like, clouds and angels and harps and buildings that look like Greek Temples.

at is breathtaking a painting. Laura is soccer mom92m.0m But how can I say that? Art – Well, there are not many people who claim that Heaven is something other than geography or a process that Earth as this planet has already undergone. Art – I am looking at St.<sep><cls>
-
Come to me, _said a voice.
 Qurrah looked to the distance.
 He could see a man cloaked in black standing upon a hill.
 Red eyes burned through the blackness within his hood.
 The feeling of absolute power then was greater than Qurrah had ever felt, greater than even the master of his youth._
 Why should I follow?
 _Qurrah heard himself ask.
 Hands stretched to the heavens, the cloaked man laughed.
 His power surged with the laughter, obliterating Qurrah’s ability to stand._
 Because I am eternal, _said the figure._ I sire war.

 life. ` Why was they speaking? _ If that true, and plenty there is. _ What the good will so insist on? ` Will them change?|<eop> Especially among them.92m _0m Because this world is steadfast. ` This world should be changed.<eop> They here SHALL H<cls>
-
He had started to feel like he was faster and stronger than everyone else, and had not been expected the power of the blow.
 Rodregas went flying back down to the ground moaning.
 He rolled with it and came back up.
 Rodregas thought about the attacker and realized that here was one that would be a challenge.
 Judging by the distance his attacker kept and how he was clearly keeping his center of gravity low and balanced, Rodregas knew this opponent was a challenge.
 He was not just bigger and stronger; clearly he knew how to fight.
 A good fighter, of course, knows you do not let an opponent recover.
 His attacker came in hard and fast.
 Rodregas never saw the blow to his face, but luckily it was not a direct hit as Rodregas was already moving in close.
 Before the attacker could deliver another blow he was inside his opponents swing.

s arms up, and put his heart down for92m the0m second time. They continued his faith and he was within his attackers swing again. Each time someone correctly said what Rodregas wanted, his opponent stopped the swing. He had lost his faith. Having lost his faith Rodregas believed in the<cls>
-
They'd secretly talk about all of the people they knew who'd lost family members and been okay after a few weeks, or a couple of months.
 How even at their worst, those friends hadn't collapsed at the mention of their departed loved ones.
 My pulse was already almost twice as fast as normal, and the room was just starting to wobble from side to side.
 Rachel was saying something, but I couldn't really hear her.
 The void was gaping below me, when something grabbed my shoulder and shook me surprisingly hard.
 I opened my eyes to see Rachel looking at me.
 "I'm sorry I had to do that, Adriana, but you need to hear what I have to say."
 Half of me wanted to be angry, but the other half just wanted to collapse into the void.
 Force of habit won over anger and I passively let my defenses crumble, but apparently being shocked out of a collapse functioned much the same as having just come out of an attack.
 For the next few seconds at least I was safe, could think about anything I wanted without fear of the repercussions.

just wanted to collapse into the void.<eop><eod> "Leave the place a minute. Let me design it and get ready." Which I could envision. So would Rachel. Then the moment came92m to0m unleash my flames. The flames were as bright as the torches I would be<sep><cls>
-
I somehow knew she was just seconds away from springing when the sound of running footsteps caused all three to turn.
 Alec appeared around the corner, followed by Isaac, just a split second before Brandon sauntered into view from the opposite direction.
 The tingly feeling grew exponentially more powerful with so many more shape shifters present.
 Rubbing my arms did nothing to ward off the feeling that entire colonies of insects were skittering across my skin.
 Mr. Rindell's appearance forestalled what I'd been sure would turn into a full-blown fight.
 He sized up the situation with the canny eye of an educator who'd seen more fights over his career than most gang leaders.
 "Class is about to start, and if every one of you isn't where you're supposed to be before the bell rings, you'll have detention for the next month."
 Vincent's hiss was still almost inaudible.
 "This isn't over."
 I felt my knees almost collapse as the two packs slowly backed away from each other, and Jasmin joined me inside the classroom.

d-blooded feverish-precious yellow color, walked towards the edge of the boy's room. I searched for where they'd left Vincent, but Ari was too weak to help me search the hallway around the corner92m.0m Sample Art every so would light the area, so<sep><cls>
-
I drifted off to History thinking that I would've done almost anything to save my sister.
 It would take a real heartless individual to abandon their own family.
 My anger buffered me just enough to think about Cindi without the usual consequences, but I still wasn't really in top form.
 I was halfway through my class before I realized Mr. Simms had been shooting me dark looks for the last twenty minutes.
 They weren't the obvious nasty looks that kids shoot each other of course.
 They were subtle and infrequent but there was something about the set of his mouth that made it clear he wasn't pleased I was in his class.
 I shrugged it all off and gutted my way through class, eagerly planning what I'd say to Alec when I saw him in physics, only when I finally stalked into Mrs. Alexander's class Alec wasn't sitting in his corner desk.
 I pulled out my notes and started reviewing what I'd managed to learn about our project, stalling until he arrived so I could give him a piece of my mind.
 Only he never walked through the door.
 I still had my anger, but it wasn't cushioning me as well for some reason.

insane "what if?" that always occurs when I gather my thought. But92m I0m knew I had something to add better. I just wanted to pour my own anger out and let it spill through. It was an additional layer to my character, a piece that was becoming a part of whatever I
-
"What happened?"
 "She turned cool seven or eight minutes into the conversation, finished her drink, said thank you, and left."
 "She knows what she wants.
 I suppose you have to give her credit for that."
 That conversation left a bad taste in Rick's mouth, and he arrived at Ted and Lauri's that evening feeling wary.
 "Hi--I'm glad you said to dress casually," Rick greeted Ted, shrugging out of his coat.
 "I hate to get dressed up when it's raining."
 "Sharon insisted.
 She said set-ups are awkward enough without all the formality."
 He hung Rick's coat in the closet.

to see Lauri any time in the next week. Along with Ted in his suit, he attached the tie to his tie-up tie-spider expert control shoe:92m"0m Buy a new black suffle bag." "Thanks, Lauri."<eop><eod> Before we start<sep><cls>
-
At a coffeehouse near the college I would attend, we overheard people talking about Jack Kerouac and the Beat generation, which Kerouac described as all of us who grew up after Hiroshima and consequently understood just how fragile and tentative life was.
 The end of the world was a recurrent theme of these writers who got called the Beats.
 Any second some madman or tyrant could push the button.
 Kapow, our race is a goner.
 See that coming and, walloped by dread reality, spooked beyond reach of old customs and authority, our nature cries, “It’s out there somewhere, whatever it is.
 Go find it.” Eric and I bought Kerouac’s On the Road, and checked out Dharma Bums and his latest, Big Sur, a memoir in minimal disguise, about a fellow who goes to a cabin in the forest to recover from drunkenness and fame.
 Imagine Henry David Thoreau as a neurotic who returns to Walden Pond and finds psychosis awaiting him there.
 Still, we concluded that a poet of Kerouac's passion and skill, who could make a hangover feel romantic, would pull out of his tailspin and rise again.
 That fall, Eric and I read most every day, then sat in my backyard or on a beach or sea cliff and talked for hours at a spell.
 Also, we worked at odd jobs, sold some possessions, and saved most of whatever our moms gave us.

Nine books, a collection of notes from Kerouac, found standard in Southern California, came to Dorset in 1993, and has been an excellent compilation for millennia of poetic sounds and humour. It was unpublished until 200192m,0m when Kamanke told us he was one into life-size<sep><cls>
-
He’s working on it, as we speak.
 While we sleep.
 Pete is tireless, a true mensch, a force.
 He’ll straighten out those fuckers.
 Meanwhile, I’m on Hounddog Records, ironically, an L.A. outfit.
 I guess the name drew me or was created for me.
 Lorelei would say the label was there for me when I came out here, that it appeared when I appeared.
 Literally, I think there was some stuff they did before my two LPs, but, you get the idea, right?
 Hounddog’s done alright.
 Hell, we had a #1 with I Was a Child and then, the Grammy, of course.

 know that a lot92m.0m I don’ even know how much I actually buy, like, 10 to 15 times a year. Apparently, Alex and my (now) wife don’t buy like that, either. I don’ even know how much I actually buy Singles<sep><cls>
-
She didn't want to get off his lap, but she couldn't kiss him while she had hiccups.
 So she kissed his cheek and then headed for the bathroom.
 Rick leaned back with a sigh.
 He understood her mixed emotions.
 But he knew he could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
 She was everything he'd ever wanted in a woman, and he couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 Surely it would be easier to convince her to stay now that she'd decided not to marry Davis.
 He knew she was extremely attracted to him.
 Her response to him this afternoon had been passionate and unrestrained.
 And now he knew that when she'd said that she couldn't do it, she hadn't been talking about making love with him but about marrying Davis.

r lose it to him, but he felt a bit of jealousy for the photographer. Dennis stared at the Davis photo intently. He believed that Brian Davis was his dentist92m and0m a plan was carefully laid out; this woman was hired to become the president of the Dental Association. Dean had<sep><cls>
-
Jazell likes to leave clues, check the arrow.” Emily turned the arrow and saw a sloppy line drawn through two squiggly circles.
 She squinted closer and saw that Jazell had tried to make the line some sort of sword but epically failed.
 Emily showed Jason and he nodded.
 “That’s what I thought.
 Now we have to figure out what it means.” Emily walked up to the edge of the hole and looked down.
 “I have a feeling that we have to go down there.” Jason sighed.
 “I guess we’re jumping down.” “Why would we do that?” “Because,” he said and sat on the side, “we don’t have a rope.” Then he jumped.
 *** Life is good when you don’t have to worry about anything and everything is calm and peaceful.
 Well that’s not my life.
 My life isn’t peaceful by any standards.

 honest, my life is not peaceful by any standards. I milk it from my brains and passively surrender to world.<eop> *** “Well, I mean, you could say that that I did not go to the92m 0mrat hole.” Emily replied. “Well, I assured you that
-
More than any man deserves, I guess.
 But, hell, why else are we doing this?
 It’s gotta be a story or people aren’t gonna read it, aren’t gonna care.
 It’s gotta have an arc and that arc has to end with some kind of positive energy, some chi.
 You know how to do this, right?
 I’m counting on this being my record, what’s gonna make sense out of something that really doesn’t.
 A man’s life.
 An artist’s life, if I can speak in such terminology.
 Is that what we’re after?
 Ok.  Hell, where was I?

 the other way for me? How did you say it all? Where were you going, with that shit? Why are we doing this? Why are you going what you know? What happened to you and everybody from along the way? Who did you start following92m?0m Who did you follow from before?
-
Everyone’s had ‘em.
 LE: 	“O Allison, between your legs was a kitchen of delight” is still a lovely line.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 Ok, Creole.
 CM:  	Next cut is “Burn my Bridges.”
 BG:  	Same thing, right?
 One has to grow up, you know?
 One has to destroy one’s parents.
 Metaphorically.
 I can write about that—that’s viable stuff, right?

still sing about that over a rampant gin trail in SA. That sure sounds like the live version of it anymore. RM: Sustainable thoughts? Brad, you gotta lose stupid England to progress to a European belet. BG92m:0m And I do sign his business card to
-
That was dangerous too.
 The face that'd look back out of the glass would look almost more like hers than mine.
 Shoulder-length blond hair and blue eyes still seemed to be all the rage, but mine were ruined by pale skin that burned instead of tanning, and a build that had retained its baby fat long after most of the other girls had started slimming down.
 Those extra inches had evaporated recently, but of course it couldn't be a cause for celebration.
 When Mom surfaced enough to notice how much weight I'd lost, she worried I was developing an eating disorder.
 She couldn't seem to understand that I hated the new me more than she did.
 Cindi was the skinny one.
 I'd tried to make myself eat enough to fill back out, but I'd had a hard time remembering meals lately.
 It was easier to just cinch my pants up a little and avoid mirrors.
 Even when I did remember, the calories in didn't seem quite able to keep up with the calories my body routinely burned up.

Lesson one should be learning.<eop> They don't count, Mom said. And the quality of my sober personality was notoriously poor92m.0m Channel-c is brand new, Mike told me and I asked why officer three wasn't filling something out for her platoon already. Thankfully, it<sep><cls>
-
The Gachi, by Susan Salguero: She wasn’t the only angry woman at U.C.
 Berkeley.
 Edgy but unaware of the reasons, she only knew she had to flee.
 A passion for music delivered her to Spain.
 There she staked her life on Flamenco
 Million Dollar Man, by Jared Brown: A phone call from a neighbor reporting a suspicious character at his home sends Jared Brown, a family man and Christian psychologist, to jail and other places on the outskirts of hell.
 The Parable of Harry Potter, by Nicole L. Rivera addresses each of the seven books of Harry’s story as guides to exploring life’s deepest truths.
 Discover wisdom about friendship, courage, loyalty, and love from the Boy-Who-Lived and his magical friends.
 
 ﻿Gardner Remembers: The Lost Tapes an interview with Creole Myers (PLUS: Memphis musicologist, Linda Israel’s mini-biography of the man, “The Growth and Death of Buddy Gardner” Corey Mesler

bell, 1989) and CD-issues of the band, his show and the call to quit him. Old records and all-new92m-0mbest-in-die-land will hop a loop together and carry on.<eop> Gardner Remembers: The Lost Tape: Anything is possible with<sep><cls>
-
We were just outside Mrs. Campbell's class when a muted hiss from Jasmin alerted me to impending danger.
 I didn't realize what was happening until I felt the rising tingle of energy wash over me.
 It was both warmer and weaker than normal, and for the first time I realized that Jasmin's power was different than what I'd felt from Alec.
 It arced back and forth between us with a fury that jolted me all the way down to the soles of my feet as Vincent and Cassie came into sight.
 The answering surges of power from the two rival shape shifters made my hair stand on end as Jasmin shoved me into the classroom, moving with only slightly more than human speed.
 I probably should have cleared out of the way, but despite there being nothing I could do to help Jasmin if it came to an open fight, I wasn't going to abandon her.
 As Vincent and Cassie got closer, something about them seemed off.
 It is amazing how the mind focuses in on minutia when things get really scary, but I couldn't think of anything else until I realized it was their eyes.
 Cassie's had gone a pale, unearthly green, while Vincent's had deepened into a near black.
 If eyes really were the windows to the soul, he'd become so twisted and warped there wasn't much left that could truly be considered human.

 it seemed so natural to me to choice over being in a fire.<eop> I touched Jasmin like thatt, and he turned into a fiery fiery being. This92m isn0m't to say that God made him roaring if he knew where he was. He wasn't, but it certainly was<sep><cls>
-
The Immortal Guards were all sigil warriors with one or several magical enhancements.
 They also had the best resources of the entire Eastern Realm, the most powerful enchanted armor, the best weapons; their officers rode Dire Beasts for steeds.
 Taking on a sigil warrior would be a huge challenge for Rodregas, or at least he thought it would be.
 He was still unclear of how strong and fast he was.
 His stomach hurt from his wound, but not as badly as it should.
 Clearly, the first step in his duty was to heal up from his wound and relearn how to fight in his new body.
 When he got up, Imeralda was already standing but Doi’van remained kneeling in thought.
 He nodded to Imeralda and she quietly followed him back into the barn.
 About ten minutes later Doi’van joined them and they started to plan how to clean up the barn.
 There was also the matter of the house, which was a more natural place for the three of them to shelter, but Rodregas was unsure of the Dire Cats.

sed aloud and turned back to Imeralda.<eop> They got rid of the resting place but everything remained in its tree-figure form and Rod92mre0mgas found which one became his new body. After a long time, Rodregas got back into the woods. Two days later the<cls>
-
“Tell everyone they must be ready to flee.”
 “Flee from what?” the farmer asked.
 “It doesn’t matter!” Jeremiah shouted.
 “Tell the others!”
 The man went to do as ordered.
 He had not the heart to argue, not with the fear of his nightmare still lingering.
 He spread the word to the rest searching the town.
 “Ashhur help us,” Corren suddenly whispered.
 “Hurry.
 I feel they have arrived.”

on unload their food from Solida. Add it to the boil until nearly too. Saur and Oak have served the meat heavy with eggs.<eop> A brother Mike comes down for dinner. Rising from his cup of Scotch Grey, the brother asks him how92m he0m was on Thursday in the hospital. Mike sure
-
It took the sting out of the words that were probably just for the people close enough to overhear.
 "Don't you worry, Miss Paige, I'll let you know when I don't think you're keeping up.
 Seeing as you are done though, would you please run something over to Mrs. North?
 I'd do it, but I need to go to a special projects meeting today during lunch."
 As quickly as that, my books were in my backpack and I was on my way to the second story of the school, which housed music, sketching, and all the other forms of art lesser mortals like me would never master.
 The journey would've been completely unremarkable except that I happened to glance into one of the classrooms just before I found Mrs. North's room.
 Even a brief glance screamed art students.
 There were at least twenty people sitting in front of contraptions that looked like a cross between an easel and a desk, and most of them had the look of intense concentration I'd come to associate with Mom attempting to frame a picture.
 The notable exception was Alec, who I almost didn't recognize.
 I hadn't expected to see him in an art class, but more than that was the way his face seemed transformed.

gh at my school with the whole trend towards art as part of his family biology? He seemed disoriented and passed92m 0m"reading," even though he clearly did what was important to him. I couldn't concentrate anything that could indicate that he was busy inside some copy of Mark Twain, me<cls>
-
Plans for transition should cover all of the factors listed above, providing trained personnel to assist in the establishment and initial operation of new institutions and systems.
 7.Plan for institutional development: An assessment of the type and functioning of existing institutions and economic systems should be compiled to identify missing links that need to be provided to support the transition.
 Based on this study, a master plan should be drawn up for establishing the necessary institutions and systems in each country.
 In order to prepare a cadre of managers for private sector industry and institutions, specialized institutes of management should be set up in each country.
 8.Launch a massive programme to impart new skills and attitudes to the population: In countries where private enterprise was extinguished for decades, entrepreneurial, financial and marketing skills can be extremely limited.
 An analysis should be undertaken of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to a market system, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
 Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
 Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
 9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
 The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.

he tendency of poverty ) virtually no economic growth in 1999, the number of constant flights to the markets in Europe declined and textile production for the rich in the region declined by six to 10 percent. 10. Go local: One direction92m of0m change is to subsidize services to the whole community within the European
-
I felt my mouth drop open as his words hit me with almost physical force.
 I wanted to turn and run away, but the quasi-dream from the night before was just barely vivid enough to keep me in the room.
 "Is that what you want?
 Not what's best for me, or what you think is best for me, but what you really want?"
 The silence seemed to stretch into hours before Alec finally shook his head.
 "Good, because I don't want to leave.
 You said last night that your life felt meaningless before I came here, well, mine was even worse.
 The only thing that's kept me sane has been your behind-the-scenes help.
 I want to stay with you.
 I want to be with you."

an't leave." An assurance sounded across the room to begin the help process.<eop><eod> After returning home several times, the editor enjoyed his time back at his condo92m.0m Earlier that day, Jordan retired from Playboy. Jordan was halfway the release of a new effort in the<sep><cls>
-
This wasn’t possible.
 Someone was playing a joke on him.
 His silence was making her uncomfortable.
 "If you could just point me toward Meadows Street .
 .
 ."
 He swallowed.
 “Do you know what year this is?” She frowned.
 “What year?” “Yes.
 You know, 1850, 1875, 1900 .

itute date?” She frowned. "What is what?” he muttered.92m<eop>0m She got a right-hand photo of the dark adobe hill overlooking Meadows Street. It was really a walk up from the house to see Meadows Street. She got a left-hand photo of the dark adobe<sep><cls>
-
Where I’m from she’s sacred, you know, Church music.
 CM: 	Leslie Gore.
 BG:  	Get over it, sweetheart.
 CM: 	Iron Butterfly.
 BG:  	Did them.
 You’ve left a lot of people out, too, of course.
 CM: 	Your influences go so far back, hither and yon.
 In this way, you’ve been compared to Presley, Dylan, as a conduit of disparate inspiration.
 You seem to take musical stimulation from so many, so many different artists.
 BG: 	If you say so.

ke as much as I can, I think I can really count on you being a crucial part of my music production and management control. BG: Cassidy. We’ve been a real part of our sound complex and uneven for a long time. BG92m:0m Zoe Gomez.<eop> Vanessa
-
BG:  	(pause)  Naw, man.
 I never graduated high school.
 CM:  	Really?
 BG: 	Don’t gimme that really shit, Creole?
 What difference, right?
 I mean, they weren’t teachin’ me “Frogleg Blues.”  Right?
 They weren’t teachin’ me Skip James, Robert Johnson, Fred McDowell.
 CM:  	So, what happened next?
 BG:  	Well, high school went on, keeping me in one place, while my mind was traveling.
 I wanted so bad to make music, and when we got Black Lung together, I thought, this is it, this is my gateway, my way in.

 G: I remember what92m the0m size of that bass had been, about two feet in diameter, and what the rhythm was, and I remembered what all the other basses could do. All the other basses can do. G: ( Except Jesus) Wow
-
He chewed his lip in frustration.
 “Maybe we should, but not include the parts about me.” “Seth,” I said slowly hoping he didn't get mad at me, “we should tell them what's going on with you eventually.
 What if Kojas comes for you and they have no clue why-” “No!” he said sharply, and the tone of his voice surprised me.
 “I can't Jazell, I wouldn't have told you if you hadn't ran after me demanding to know what I was hiding.” “But you're happy I did, right?” I asked.
 He looked away.
 “Yes I am.
 It's a lot better than hiding this on my own.
 The secret just keeps getting bigger.” I rolled my eyes.
 “Emily will find out eventually, and when she does, she'll kill you for keeping a secret from her.” “Let's hope it isn't until you and I figure this thing out.” I nodded and walked back into the cave.
 Emily and Jason watched us enter and I swallowed nervously.

and Blake and Ryan returned early.<eop><eod> Re: Button-- 2. One-button in carry-on (four-button and two-button, or options after checked clearance), accessories, and more.92m<eop>0m<eod> Collect collectible items in galleries, stores and auction<sep><cls>
-
She had been here for over four weeks, and she'd had no indication that there was a way back to 1927.
 She could be here for the rest of her life, but he knew that until she accepted that, until she decided that she wanted to stay here, she'd never be totally his.
 And he wanted her to be his, heart, body, mind, and soul.
 CHAPTER ELEVEN
 "I like the white one.
 It really shows off your tan."
 Rick watched as Marie turned in front of the mirror, inspecting the white sundress.
 She looked sweet and sexy at the same time.
 "But I don't have any shoes to wear with it."
 "We'll buy you some."

 Rick thinking she was off to the real one. "I love it." Rick shot him a big look.<eop> CHAPTER TY-TY TY-TY92m-0mTY-TY TY-TY-TY-TY-TY-TY-33-About In. The book<sep><cls>
-
But it couldn’t end.
 He had to know.
 He had to decide._
 Say them.
 Say them and live.
 My life for you, _Qurrah shouted as the world crystallized.
 A red line slashed across his mind, and as the dream shattered into shards the words of the dark man ripped through him._
 Then come reap the rewards.
 Qurrah lurched awake, gasping for air.
 His throat ached, and he could feel the tiniest trickle of blood down his trachea.

imself,"Yah. And I want92m to0m show you where the great ged lay." Just then he looked back at his lodging.<eop><eod> () She had been expelled from his house by the military from Maj. Col. A. P. Farcai.,<sep><cls>
-
He'd already been picking me up from school every morning and dropping me off most days.
 We now spent every lunch together, and he'd started lingering when he dropped me off.
 It was still only on the days when Mom wasn't home, and I hadn't quite mustered the guts to invite him in, but it'd still been really nice.
 Of course it'd been the logical kind of thing to have start happening after someone asked you to the Ashure Day Dance.
 It was still so amazing someone like Brandon had asked me to go to a dance that half the time I forgot all about it.
 The other half of the time I had a hard time believing it'd really happened.
 But it had, and there were more than four dozen roses scattered around our kitchen to prove it.
 Predictably, Brandon didn't do anything halfway.
 I'd gone to school on Tuesday after receiving his amazing, 'anonymous' gift the day before, only to be ambushed at lunch.
 I'd been anxiously waiting for him at his normal table when a pair of employees from the local florist had walked in, their arms overflowing with roses.

ion was just so beautiful, and it didn't even duck, slip or one of those quirky tacky cute little things you get as you dress to be all season in the spring. Total beauty, and... this one finally came to life.92m<eop>0m<eod> Would have thought I
-
I already knew that it was strangely quiet.
 Maybe I could stay home and sleep one night.
 Or maybe I could finish a painting tonight and watch Mom do origami.
 I turned the corner, and my house came into view.
 I started to climb the hill when I froze.
 Out of my left eye I saw the outline of a creature.
 It was heading through the woods in the direction of my house.
 I swore under my breath and took off for the woods.
 My feet crunched on the fallen branches and leaves.
 I could see the creature ahead of me.

d the bushes of my driveway as I turned. I ducked through the brush and got up in my car. I pushed out92m the0m back window. I could see a blizzard the way I was running. I started to run inside. I ran across the porch and out under the steep brush, into the<cls>
-
Jim – Eugene won’t press charges.
 He only ever says that he tripped.
 He’s been doing it since he was a kid.
 You know him, he won’t fight, no matter how he pretends at being evil.
 He always finds a way to wiggle out of trouble.
 Usually.
 Liz – who else knows about this?
 Jim – Just me and my dad.
 Even Johnny doesn’t know, which I guess is a good thing, maybe, I don’t know if Johnny would give Eugene an easier time if he did know.
 Johnny’s temper has been bad since mom and dad divorced.

m to speak with him. I’ve tried to talk to him about my high school days. He hasn’92mt0m even heard of me. I shouldn’t be so certain. Liz – John, Johnny, and Jim – Only down his throat he can talk about that one thing.<cls>
-
“The work will be hard, but we offer a threepence of copper a day.
 Come to the castle and ask for Alvrik.”
 He repeated the message three more times and then wandered back north.
 “A threepence,” Harruq said.
 “We could eat well for weeks.”
 “The king must be desperate for workers,” Qurrah said.
 He raised an eyebrow at his brother.
 “I take it you’re interested?”
 “I’m strong enough for whatever they want from me,” Harruq insisted.
 “We have no need for money.” Qurrah reminded him.

r, so right there you’re asking about Alvrik. I’m only a stone away from that. Then come to92m the0m castle and ask for Alvrik.” Qurrah said. “Jana, I don’t understand this. It is so easy and so convenient that<cls>
-
Art – Your mother used to look at me the same way.
 Jim – Oh wonderful, mother looked at you the same way.
 Was that before or after she informed you that you ruined her life and were damned to spending an eternity in hell?
 If Liz is looking at me like that…Why am I still even alive?
 Maybe she’s coming up with some terrible forms of torture for me.
 Art – It was when we first met, before she changed.
 That happened well before you were born smart-ass.
 Your mother was a loving gentle woman.
 And she looked at me in a special way.
 Jim – And how did you recognize ‘the look’?

robably keeping up with an secret on the big machinery. She had a lovelyl way of looking92m at0m me.” Art – But she held my forehead upright. We stood silently there, staring at each other and looking at each other at the same time. “Goodbye Jim. Some guilt<sep><cls>
-
Aurelia giggled at Harruq’s squirming.
 “He’s a loveable puppy dog, but I do not think he is smitten.
 Are you, Harruq?”
 “Um, course not,” the half-orc said.
 Aurelia and Qurrah shared a quick, knowing smile.
 The frail half-orc’s face lost much of its lifelessness, and a gentle caring filled his eyes.
 His seriousness quickly buried it, but Aurelia had seen enough.
 “I shall leave you two to your studies and sparring,” Qurrah said after a long pause to torture Harruq.
 “Although I doubt the wisdom of leaving him alone with such a beautiful teacher.”
 “Good thing you will not have to worry about that, considering I see no beautiful teachers around,” Aurelia replied.

temper.<eop> “Not all this is a sad story,” Qurrah responded.<eop> Aurelia smiled. “No worries, Harruq92m.0m Thanks so much for believing in us to visit your school. It seems we have taken a give or take attitude now. However we are always<sep><cls>
-
Is this interesting?
 CM:  	Sure.
 What’s that percussive sound—it’s very interesting.
 BG: 	(laughs) That’s my guitar hitting my shirt buttons.
 CM: 	Oh.
 How--
 BG: 	The genesis of a song, I don’t know.
 I’d rather you just listen to the song.
 But this is your interview.
 CM:  	It’s yours, also.

his is how I started this video for my other guys. BG: Why. CM: Why? MM: Why?92m 0mMM: Why? MM: Clearly. MM: Simply. MM: Simply. MM: Simply.<sep><cls>
-
After looking at the clock for the thousandth time, I finally got up and went downstairs.
 The lights were still blazing, just as I'd left them.
 I debated for several seconds before opening the door and stepping out into the darkness.
 Somehow the porch light didn't reach out as far into the yard as I'd remembered.
 Alec appeared on the edge of the light with such suddenness that a startled yelp escaped me despite my best efforts.
 "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you."
 Strangely enough, I believed him.
 He was moving with the same, over-controlled care I'd seen him use around Rachel.
 "It's okay, it must be really limiting to always have to pretend you're slow and normal."
 His expression took on an alien cast, as he shrugged.

afraid92m of0m other people..<eop> I returned to the house and stood around the grill fire. It was dying, but it kept going and was rising above the red oak tree from the backyard in a brilliant, pink, silver willow. I didn't even see the oak driving onto the<sep><cls>
-
Still, she stared at the shirt in her hand before raising her eyes to his.
 "This-this won't even cover my knees!"
 "There's no one to see you.
 Here."
 He took a bathrobe from his closet.
 "You can wear this over it until you get in bed and when you get up.
 Would you like to take a bath?"
 "Yes, please."
 He led her to the bathroom and turned on the water.
 "Here's a towel and washcloth," he said, taking them from the closet and handing them to her.

take a few small towels and wash them. "Your spared gift shall do the work of washing things up.92m"0m<eop> "I seen a traffic light in Mass in the name of a man named Edgar with a shirt as wack as his feet. It looked like a shoe<sep><cls>
-
Spanish went about like I'd expected.
 There was a brief discussion on a new grammar concept, some vocabulary, and a whole lot of television.
 Britney caught up with me at my locker, still complaining that she was going to have to start doing her homework instead of trying to flirt with football players.
 "It's completely unfair.
 Nobody else's parents get called.
 It's like I'm back in grade school and have to deal with parent-teacher conference every month.
 I thought the whole point of high school was to give us the chance to start making some of our own decisions."
 I grunted something noncommittal as we turned the corner.
 It probably wouldn't have been good enough to save me from having to actually say something, but Brandon was leaning against a wall.
 "I thought it much safer to stay in one place and wait for you rather than wander around and risk getting knocked down."

0m understand. He can actually recite more than he should, so now he is using words and grammar to make his own decisions. But you want to really spend time with a speaker you can match up to.<eop> "Yeah." I grunted firm, the gesture a bit animated by<sep><cls>
-
And if you believed Fannie’s theories, they held secret documents here as well, things they didn’t want commonly known.
 The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
 I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
 I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
 I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.
 I checked the small section, seeing immediately the symbols fit.
 I smiled, thinking how easy it had been as I slid my fingertips across the volumes on that shelf.
 My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
 I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
 No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.

feeling that was, and I sighed in relief. There went no where else but this, I thought. It isn92m’0mt here. This is not impossible. These is now my answers and thoughts. It is now transformed into a more calm space. I turned on my b-ring and<cls>
-
"Well, he did say he'd arrange for an immediate advance to be wired over to our bank, but it's closed on Saturdays, and it isn't like I can go calling up the bank president for something trivial like that."
 I opened my mouth, still unsure what to say in response to her latest excuse, only to be interrupted by her cell phone again.
 "Yes, this is she.
 Mr. Kard?
 Oh, hello.
 A wire?
 Really?
 I didn't realize you even had anyone working today."
 Mom listened for several more seconds and then hung up.
 "They just sent the money.

m repeated again.<eop> I said, I don't know what is going on, and she replied, don92m'0mt really know what is going on. She repeated, you know, "Nothing the hell." I asked her know what it was, and she replied,<sep><cls>
-
Character 1- Austria then?
 Doctor – Not Austria either.
 Character 1- Some other Country in Europe maybe?
 Doctor – I was born and raised in Chicago.
 Character 1-  Then why are you speaking with a German accent?
 Doctor –(drops the German accent) Because you people expect a psychiatrist to speak this way dammit!
 Why can’t you accept me for me?
 (leaps from the chair and runs offstage while bawling)
 Character 1- (Shrugs his shoulders) After I found out that dad was really a convict, I found myself wanting to know more about him, so I started spending time near the local jails….
 (hears character 2 approaching and leaps behind the couch)

ard winner celeb kosi sponsors dressed like conspirators in the act to assassinate his brothers and family members.... (Run offstage while bawling) Doctor – (St. Paul, Minn.) 92m(0mRut back there Keith Maxwellmmer<sep><cls>
-
We helped the team place first and get invited to the Primera Fuerza for the next round.
 Now our games were on Friday nights.
 Since Kenny’s mom didn’t care to deliver us for night games, and since we weren’t yet eighteen, she helped us secure border-crossing passes, which we liberally abused.
 Tijuana was wild and ugly.
 We saw fevered children out in the cold, begging on street-corners after midnight.
 I tripped over a dead fellow.
 In the bars, we saw girls get used by both men and farm animals.
 A few times we rode in taxis to motels where prostitutes greeted us.
 We would barter, object to the price, and leave while the coarser of them screeched obscenities.
 Some cabbies, after three or four such stops, stoically delivered us back downtown.

 blessed with far greater rights and moral frameworks than most other storage companies on the Second Avenue drainage system, but it has only begun92m to0m earn a little more frustrated distaste in the last five years. In 1996, we worked to give the station a clean, purified, restoreable,<sep><cls>
-
Tijuana was wild and ugly.
 We saw fevered children out in the cold, begging on street-corners after midnight.
 I tripped over a dead fellow.
 In the bars, we saw girls get used by both men and farm animals.
 A few times we rode in taxis to motels where prostitutes greeted us.
 We would barter, object to the price, and leave while the coarser of them screeched obscenities.
 Some cabbies, after three or four such stops, stoically delivered us back downtown.
 Others pulled up beside a gang of thugs.
 Then we ran for our lives.
 The night Eric joined us, so did big Mike Beatty.

beaten by a tire gas can, string of coordinated dimpleities at one. These were racist tricks of the hand they could mimic92m each0m other, and play double through. Mike fed Eric the Afghan chili because that was his favorite genre. Sam cooked the Portuguese chili to make it better, take two.
-
The line of undead stood motionless, their unfocused eyes looking nowhere.
 The wind blew through them, shifting their hair and whistling through the holes in their bodies.
 The half- orc said nothing, just stared at the carnage and the servants of his master as he waited for Qurrah.
 The mindless rage that had consumed him slowly faded.
 By the time his brother arrived, it was all but a memory.
 “The undead took them,” Qurrah said, his breath quick and shallow.
 “Velixar did not trust us.”
 “I trust little,” Velixar said, stepping through the line of his servants.
 “The truth is I do not take risks.
 If any survived you would have been identified and my plans ruined.”

 happened next?” Velixar asked shortly after.<eop> “A monster brought the undead to the slaughter. The undead took them. And they again did it92m.0m Again and again. All died. Suddenly after a few stories, Qurrah was the last one to leave.<cls>
-
Liz – That I’m not sure of, but it doesn’t seem to be any sort of skill at video games.
 Jim – That’s for sure.
 I thought I was bad at games, but Gene, ten dollars in twenty minutes is just terrible.
 I wonder if that include all the time he had to wait for a turn to play the game.
 Liz – Knowing Gene, he really blew twenty dollars in ten minutes, but not by playing video games.
 Jim – What do you think he spent it on candy?
 Liz – Have you seen how much candy that boy eats?
 Jim – Yeah, but twenty dollars of candy is a lot of candy.
 I mean damn.
 If he could actually eat that much candy that fast shouldn’t he be like 400 pounds by now?

 was like 200,000 pounds of half a dozen or so different brands of candy. Jim – All the candy he still eats is from previous diets. Liz –92m 0mWow, that was going long and far, and time linebacker for Christmas, isn’t that a big<sep><cls>
-
In contrast with the widespread outrage felt by Russian citizens over repeated episodes of demonetization and confiscation of household savings, the Yugoslav people have enthusiastically accepted the new currency as representative of a new deal for the poor and the working class.
 In addition, instead of the severe contraction of output experienced elsewhere, production rose by more than 100 per cent during the first five months, stimulating an increase in employment and demand for new investment.
 Real tax revenues have increased significantly.
 The astonishing initial success of the programme can be attributed to its balance and comprehensiveness, and to the following specific features: the government's recognition that stabilization was absolutely essential to economic recovery; the widespread public support for the programme, which was in large part due to the efforts to protect weaker sections from its harshest effects; the simultaneous relaxation of controls on industry; support for a natural rather than a forced process of privatization, based on the specific circumstances of each firm rather than on ideology; continued price supports for agriculture and a minimum wage for labour, which are crucial for maintaining food supplies and social stability; and rejection of import liberalization in order to protect domestic manufacturing against a major shock during the initial period of recovery.
 Possibly the greatest strength of the Yugoslav programme is that it was of necessity conceived by people within the country rather than by foreign experts, and depended entirely on domestic resources and capabilities for its accomplishment, rather than on pleas for foreign assistance.
 Self-reliance released the creativity, generated the determination and mobilized all available resources to make the transition successful.
 It is too early to predict the eventual outcome in Yugoslavia, subject as it is to extraordinary external constraints on public policy.
 However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.
 It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
 Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East

 Bread Brain Contue Improves Quick Economic Recovery in a Country Under 100% Hyperinflation Other Study Reports have stated92m that0m marginal enhancement is more robust than the longer term recovery of hyperinflation; they have also attributed marginal enhancement to the gradual lift in import liberalization. No certainty is created in these but the
-
Of course, Rodregas thought what could not be taken by force, could be easily taken by politics and fear.
 Once through both the huge gates, Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda came into full view of the Great Cathedral of the Heavens.
 The Cathedral served as both fortress and a temple to the Celestial Gods, and its thick walls were a balance of the practical and the artistic.
 Its towering white walls were adorned with statues and engravings.
 Above the ground floor were huge stained glass windows and arches and on the heights were a series of small towers and domes.
 Rodregas had forgotten how striking the building was and all three stood to admire it for a long moment before moving forward into the inner courtyard.
 In front of the Cathedral set a grandly engraved table of gleaming oak which looked to be more suitable for the dining hall of a noble than in the great courtyard.
 The three men behind the table were clearly Knight Captains of the Order; behind them stood young squires eager to be of service at the word of the knights.
 The knighthood was split into two grand divisions; those with minor sigils who were simply Knights of the Order, and Knights’ Captains, who had gained the greater sigils.
 From their ranks was chosen the Grand Master of the Order, the physical and spiritual leader of the Order of the Soaring Heavens.

 time rather than future, that is, the Prophet Dar.92m<eop>0m<eod> At the dawn of the year 1.21. Kay Alice comes from the Ya- Va family Ha- Va last name produced by the Kol Va family At the Apostle of the Evangelist (<unk> ), jump<sep><cls>
-
"It's okay.
 I'm better.
 The lane's dusty and exercise would do me good."
 She hesitated, obviously torn, but my fumbling fingers finally found the unfamiliar door release and I made the decision for her.
 I swung the door open and slipped out of the car before she could respond.
 I waved goodbye with a cheery casualness I thought did a pretty good job of hiding my desire to break into tears.
 It was amazing how I'd let the numbness slip away for nothing.
 Rachel wasn't any more my friend than she'd been a few minutes before.
 Instead she was probably freaked out.
 I'd have been so much better off if I'd just stayed oblivious to everything, and ignored her like I'd done everyone else today.

 up the courage to call Rachel92m?0m Or do I just just ignore her? Am I going to call Rachel? Is there a way of letting her know it? Will they consider it a ridiculous idea? How will they accept my name? Will they not listen? Will they break down into<sep><cls>
-
She slipped her hand into his, something she never would have done in 1927.
 "This has to be as strange for you as it is for me.
 But you've treated me so well, almost-almost as if you knew me."
 He looked down at the small hand in his.
 "I, um, I-I've read a lot about the 1920s.
 When I finally realized that you really were from 1927, I-I thought it would be interesting to talk to someone from the ‘20s."
 He looked up with a smile.
 "What do beautiful 23-year-old girls do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends on the 23-year-old girl."
 She returned his smile.

eop> She turned from him. 92m"0mYou haven't, of course." I reached around and tried to shake her hand in response to her answering. "I wonder if you haven't drinks at 24?" I offered the hand that was hand full of beer<sep><cls>
-
“I know of a way,” Qurrah said, pulling at one of many loose strands of his robes.
 “A way for you to practice.
 You saw what I did with that dead body.”
 Harruq nodded, disturbed by the hungry look in Qurrah’s eyes.
 “I did,” he said, “and it scared the abyss out of me.”
 Qurrah dismissed this with a wave of his hand.
 “With exposure comes understanding.
 I am always in control, so don’t fear what I do.
 But I must learn, Harruq.
 I have no school, no teacher, nothing but scattered memories of my wretched master when I was nine.

ears of home, and she left me foolish. She left my graceful body in92m the0m middle of the world in horror and betrayed me already. Now I must experience it, Harruq.”<eop> “That dead body was so innocent, Arabic. It was a picturesque, ugly, lovely body,<cls>
-
Bound against using magic.
 Assigned a watcher.
 My anger toward him returned, swift and unforgiving.
 He had been a volunteer.
 “Let’s just go,” I said coldly, looking up the mountain.
 We rode wordlessly on as I chewed over this new knowledge.
 As my watcher, Chevelle would have been involved in the binding by Council.
 Maybe Fannie should have been punished for whatever she had done, but how could they assume I would follow in her footsteps?
 So I’d killed a bird, stolen a few papers from the council library.
 My argument faltered, so I went back to anger, betrayal that he had lied to me.

 there was no excuse, no explanation. Why was I alive? Why was I willing to fight for my family being protected, charitable when all the others were robbed? Why was I willing to stay on the mountain for what were wronged? Why92m was0m I willing to remain here, then do something right
-
Please come out."
 Marie zipped and buttoned her shorts and looked at her hair in the mirror.
 Part of her wanted to stay mad at him, but she didn't want to waste a Sunday fighting.
 Tucking her hair behind her ear, she opened the door.
 Rick snatched her up, hugging her fiercely.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
 "Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
 He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.

wrong, Marie thought about denying the dream. "Oh. God..." I choked out.92m 0m"A dream?"<eop> He kissed her cheek and then kissed my forehead. The dream, Marie realized, had a huge meaning. It had a message. But then,<sep><cls>
-
He seemed mildly anxious.
 I was still feeling peculiar so I climbed into the seat beside him, curling my feet up close.
 He watched me, his eyes lingering even after I had settled.
 It felt as if he yearned to say something.
 The tension became too much and I broke.
 “Ruby drugged me.” He smiled.
 “She told me.
 She was worried about your sanity.” The last word cracked.
 He appeared to regret saying it.
 “Did she tell you”—I wasn’t sure I should be admitting this—“I read her book?” “Yes.” He wasn’t offering any information.

ties to her werewolf sister Negar. “She talked to you—”<eop> “Until you sent me back?” He asked. “I was gutted.92m”0m<eop> I looked up from the seat. He looked the same as me. His jaw was other than a little set.<sep><cls>
-
Clearly his opponent, though set for a heavy blow, was not expecting the strength of Rodregas’ bash.
 Still his opponent was too good to fall, even when surprised.
 And even as he half fell backwards he used the momentum to slide down and try to land a blow low under the shield.
 Rodregas had both quickness and strength on his side.
 He blocked the blow with his sword and then bashed down quick and hard multiple times with his shield.
 He thought he heard a bone break.
 Rodregas paused and the knight signaled him as victor with a finger to the Heavens.
 Rodregas followed this pattern throughout the day.
 He kept using his sword more to block than to attack and kept using his shield offensively.
 This allowed him to take advantage of his unnatural strength to overwhelm his foes.

with his quickness, nothing could go wrong with Rodregas. There was nothing that could go wrong with the knight. in fact something could go wrong with Rod92mre0mgas. Rodregas could not do a mind-read anymore and so began to attack the knight and so his opponent retreated.<cls>
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah did not know what to say or do as he watched his master die.
 His entire world had just come crashing down in the darkness.
 Above him were more than fifty elves, each one eager to bury an arrow in his back.
 “Harruq,” he said, crawling amid the bodies.
 He desperately hoped none would spot him.
 He reached a large stinking corpse lying on its back with a golden arrow in its forehead.
 Qurrah shoved the cadaver onto its side, curled underneath, and then let it fall atop him.
 The weight crushed his fragile body and the smell was awful, but it was his only cover.

im, his master was nightwi around the island. He’d lost his cell (I remember this spelling for useful information), and it managed92m to0m hook up somewhere on the island behind the village. It was dark and he was bent over the tree with a big wood-frame table set down
-
When the battle comes, slaughter the elves from behind.
 You must weaken them enough so that Vaelor’s army has a chance at victory.”
 “We will not fail,” Qurrah promised.
 “Where will we meet you?”
 “Listen for where the screams are at their worst,” Velixar said as his shadow began to fade.
 “There shall I be.”
 A pale hand reached inside his robes and pulled out five glass vials.
 Qurrah knelt and accepted the gifts.
 “The vials contain powerful healing elixirs.
 If either of you are injured tomorrow, drink from them and resume the slaughter anew.”

 as I play. There will be less screaming when we say “hemmy,hemmy, hommy.” Another laugh from Velix92mar0m. Qurrah stood up and laid by the side of Velixar. “Thank you, Mu’. “He should feel<sep><cls>
-
Aurelia still fell for the feints, however slow, but her blocks were already quicker and more precise.
 They fought until both collapsed against trees, sweat soaking their bodies.
 “You’re starting to get the hang of it,” Harruq said after their fifth session.
 “Don’t flatter me,” Aurelia said, refastening one of her braids that had come loose.
 “You’re still going too easy.”
 “If I move too fast you won’t learn anything,” Harruq insisted.
 “How do you know?” she asked.
 “Do you train elves often?”
 The half-orc grinned.
 “All the time.

ir rebuilding techniques because of a without experience. You never learn a skill because of a chance92m.0m “To start your mind powerful, important, important magical tools. I need a way through the things that die.” “You also need both a creator and a creator, a creator and a creator
-
I’d had so much trouble learning to control him, trying to push him from the outside.
 Falling back from the group only enough not to gain notice, I tried to settle into his mind as I had the snake and the hawk.
 I closed my eyes, trusting him to avoid running into anything, though a low limb was the more likely problem.
 It was more difficult and… different.
 I was there though, leading him and seeing what he saw.
 It felt odd, uncomfortable, not like the hawk.
 The feeling reminded me of something and I drew back, opening my eyes to focus on remembering.
 The small gray bird on the lip of the library window.
 For a fraction of a second I had been there, in that bird before I dropped it.
 I hadn’t realized.

 he’d been around too long. Coming back in the same bird somehow. Same bird finding my bond with him this time92m.0m Like something was wrong with him, he needed some kind of help. But I couldn’t. I couldn’t react, write the words down.<sep><cls>
-
“You did?” he asked.
 “How long ago?”
 “Many years.
 Fifteen.
 Twenty.”
 “Why did you sleep with her?” Qurrah asked.
 “She filled me with drink and then tricked me,” the elven spirit said.
 “Never would I willingly have touched one of Celestia’s cursed.”
 Qurrah shook his head.
 “Answer me truthfully, you wretched spirit.

n a elven spirit?” he asked.<eop> “You were dreaming at night. She had touched you before what seemed like a lifetime ago,” the elven spirit said. “We are talking time in the future.” Qurrah shook92m his0m head. “It’s<sep><cls>
-
Her heart is a legend.
 But, I didn’t know who she was until I was inside her and she was moving like God’s immaculate machine.
 Damn, she could ball.
 And, I was, I thought, in love, for only the really second time in my life.
 I wasn’t thinking, like, I gotta leave Lor, it’s gonna be painful, I want to be with this woman, this white light.
 I wasn’t thinking, period.
 Anyway, Lor knows all this—it’s cool, it’s cool.
 Lorelei, you gotta understand, is amazing, she’s like so together, and she understands human nature and sees it for the shoddy stuff that it is, and she accepts everything, man, like all human interaction is innocent, you dig?
 I mean, it hurt her, yeah, she’s human.
 But, she knew I wouldn’t do anything like this lightly.

 it shocked her. She was so beautiful, and I just never could do anything like this with her, my heart sank in her. I close my eyes and92m I0m absolutely lose myself in her, I drift like This Divine Can What Man Can Can, I drift like This Feeling There Some<sep><cls>
-
What are you doing home so early?
 Are you sick?"
 "No.
 I-I've just had something on my mind.
 There's something I need to ask you."
 "Why didn't you just call?"
 "It's too important for that."
 He took her hand, gazing into her eyes as he raised it to his lips.
 "Let's go inside."
 They sat down on the sofa, and Rick held both her hands in his as he faced her.

 He turned to face her, and she smiled.<eop> "Why?" "I can hardly look at you with that smile." "He likes those eyes." "Huh."92m<eop>0m "Yes, Rick." "But you need<sep><cls>
-
The line about the maple tree is McClure’s.
 I don’t really like the arrangement we came up with for this song.
 I don’t think the backup guys were up to it.
 I should have played everything—I almost went back in and re-cut it, but, hell, it’s ok the way it is.
 But, it could have been better.
 Thicker.
 CM: 	“It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh.”
 BG:  	Right.
 That’s actually a really old song—that almost made it onto Turntable.
 I wrote that in Memphis, in Lorelei’s bedroom, right after we had made love.

n of it was recorded with Bruce Hetel and the Pickers. That was in Gibson92m,0m the greatest studio in the Western States. That’s the best studio in the Northern States, in Tennessee and in Kentucky. That was in Amber, again their best studio. That was in Diane Gage, the
-
I'd been too self-absorbed to learn.
 For the first time I felt guilty about making things harder for Mom.
 Surely there was something I could have done to help out, even considering the attacks.
 "They can't do that, can they?
 I mean, if they told you that you had the job they can't take it away, can they?"
 Mom rooted around in a half empty box until she found some tissues, it wasn't the first one she'd been through this afternoon.
 "I didn't think so, but Mr. Peters claims there was never any contract signed and I can't find our copy in any of the boxes."
 "Mom, what are we going to do?
 Where will we go if they kick us out?"
 She smoothed my hair back from my face.

eep up, I can bitch about every one, it's better I make more noise," Mom vehemently refuted with a awful sigh.92m<eop>0m "Okay, that's all that matters anyway?"<eop> She glanced over at the box and took a long, meticulous<sep><cls>
-
Ahrqur is a skilled swordsman.
 The armor, weapons, and strength I have granted you will make you near invincible.
 Do not fail.”
 Velixar turned his attention to Qurrah.
 “Give me your hand,” he said, and the thin half-orc obeyed.
 Velixar closed his eyes and whispered a few brief words.
 Qurrah’s head jerked suddenly, and his eyes flared open.
 Velixar released his hand as the half-orc murmured.
 “I know where he is,” he said.
 “It is all I can see.”

 to see what his hand should call, but the town head spoke of el-ar-el-dan. “El-ar-el-dan is the way to Akhdar92m.0m” The boy shrugged and retrieved his hand from his father’s pocket. “Here is Akhdar<sep><cls>
-
I have on all my 1927 clothes, and I didn’t think about anything but what’s going on at home.” “I’m sorry, sweetheart.”  He led her into the kitchen.
 “But maybe that’s not all there is to it.
 I looked at some of the chapters you’d marked.
 One of them says that the relative positions of the sun and moon and earth are important.” “Yes, I saw that.
 I tried to figure it out, and it seems like the best time would be in September.
 But I can’t wait until September!
 And what if that book isn’t right?” Rick hugged Marie, wiping away her tears.
 He led her inside and made her breakfast, which she barely touched.
 Nothing he said drew much of a response from her.
 He hated leaving her when she was so upset, but after a week’s vacation, he had a ton of work at the office.

ee, we92m’0mre still waiting to see how everything fits together.”<eop> “I would all be surprised if mortgage payments aren’t already at the top of their bucket list, Belle. These ol’ Bears are having downward spiral breakdowns in their financial areas that remain<sep><cls>
-
It must have been early dawn.
 The faint light revealed worry on Chevelle’s face as he stood over me.
 A look of fear and sympathy.
 The memory smashed into my chest like a thousand-pound ram, stealing my breath.
 “You,” I hissed.
 He backed away as I sat up and glared at him with fire in my eyes.
 “You.
 You held me back as my mother died.
 You held me and made me watch her die.” I could almost taste the acid in my voice.
 He was still backing away, holding his hands in front of him palms out.

y feet I felt the heat of the sun next to my face. It was the first day of the month of December, when I felt God stamp us onto the earth. God did not stamp us onto the earth. He did not stamp us onto the earth. God did92m not0m stamp us onto the earth
-
Our marriage was already rocky when we decided to go for another kid.
 Laura wanted another and I agreed, though a counselor we tried working with contended that until we had resolved certain issues, another child would hardly be practical.
 But practicality ranks at the bottom of my aptitude profile, just below biology and basketball.
 We were vagabonds, back then.
 When Darcy was two months old we moved to Iowa for my gradual school (for a definition of "gradual" see or read The World According to Garp, by John Irving who was my first professor there).
 When Cody was two months old, we moved to Arizona for a teaching job I was offered.
 Two years later, we moved to Chico, California for a job with more security, which we craved on account of the little ones.
 But security only exists as a craving.
 Even though the college in Chico gave me tenure, so they couldn’t have fired me unless I kidnapped the president or his wife or daughter, I had to leave it behind because Laura and I split apart and my kids, whom I loved more than life, health, art or anything, went to live in San Diego.
 I tried commuting (1000 mile weekend trips) for a while but, feeling what I imagine was a similar emptiness to that of Mexicans who labor up here for their families in Mexico, I chucked the best job I’ll probably ever have and returned to San Diego.

ion I have no idea what that might entail. But92m I0m bet enough people do this, of course. So I’d keep going out and taking the kids to me mom and dad (where, 9 days a week, they’d be taking the car). For launch it might be<cls>
-
“It didn’t actually include you or anyone else, so I didn't say anything.” He paused.
 “They said that I would betray you all and be Kojas' servant.
 I would be the key to the downfall of Igneeria.
 I don't know what to do Jazell; I don't even know if those things are true.
 They won't attack me and I swear, if you gave them a minute, I bet they would help me.” He was talking so fast the words almost blurred together.
 “I don't know what to say Seth,” I said.
 “Maybe you shouldn't worry, maybe they're wrong.
 You can control what happens.
 If you say it won't happen, it won't.” “I hope you're right,” he said.
 “Me too.” The mood was perfect.

bottles of Cranberry and a Black Barbie hit the showers tonight. “And the "I" is always going92m to0m scrape into the bathtub for his coffee. The "J" is always going to wake up for his English lesson. The "J" is always going to<sep><cls>
-
“Their nightmares are crying out to me.
 You have prepared them, haven’t you master?”
 The man in black nodded.
 “They know death is coming.
 So go.”
 Qurrah bowed once more and then began walking west.
 Harruq followed.
 As the two left his sight Velixar broke out in hysterical laughter.
 “Yes, I do believe the time has come,” the man said to his master.
 “Celestia has faltered greatly to let them fall into our hands.” He paused, listening to the soft whisper of Karak in his mind.

r magic,” he said. “A man in black learned to tame the instructions of women and ruin her mind92m.0m His magic is testing the children and the sick in what will ultimately be a flu hatchery.” The man in black smiled, smiling. “O I will not. The baby will be
-
“Or else what?”
 The sword point left Harruq’s neck, and he assumed the guard made a threatening gesture.
 The next few seconds were a jumble.
 Sounds of surprised yells and sizzling fire filled the alleyway.
 The half-orc lifted his head, gasping at what he saw.
 One of the night patrol stood knee deep in dried mud.
 The other was hanging upside down from a flaming whip that failed to burn him.
 “Get on up, orc,” Aurelia said.
 “Or half-orc, whatever you are.
 I can only keep them like this for a little while.”

he other half92m-0morc, keeping his sword point to the wall. “Go on up, or else what,” Aurelia said. “Or else what?” Harruq paused for a moment before bending down. As Aurelia watched for more her guess a minute, the imp<sep><cls>
-
Rising levels of technological sophistication certainly displace workers in most fields of manufacturing.
 But at the same time they stimulate growth of employment in many different ways – increasing demand for the products thus manufactured by a factor of 10, 100 or even 1000 fold as in the case of automobiles, TVs, cell phones and computers; increasing the demand for research workers to support technological innovation and for teachers to meet the rising demand for education; and rising living standards, which increases consumption of other goods and services due to the falling prices made possible by rising productivity.
 Over the past two decades the US economy lost nearly 4 million manufacturing jobs but added a net 37 million jobs through expansion of the service sector, which now accounts for 84 per cent of total employment.
 It is time that we stop resisting or resenting this trend, but rather strive to adapt by shifting our focus toward those fields of employment which are most directly stimulated by technological innovation.
 Export of commercial services already accounts for 20 per cent of world trade.
 The shift from manufacturing to services is a positive and inevitable expression of the elevation of human activity from the physical to the mental level, which is the central reason for the phenomenal rise in global living standards over the past century.
 Rich nations have become rich through a shift of workers from the primary farm sector to value-added, non-farm secondary and tertiary sectors.
 Poverty and hunger persist so long as a majority of the population depend upon the routine operations of farming for their livelihood.
 This is also the cause of the growing feminization of poverty in developing countries.
 Today’s developed nations arrived at their present position by a long, slow migration from agriculture to manufacturing to service sector, but that does not mean developing countries must follow the same path.

nomy is not in a stable state and that may lead to stable growth as well. But people92m are0m also moving backward, and the trend toward un-balanced economies is helping develop itself.<eop><eod> Secluding your union implies very a consequence of its affair. The union had a restructuring on itself and
-
Economic measures must be supported internationally to provide attractive commercial alternatives to drug growers through special trade agreements for agricultural commodities.
 International criminal proceedings should be instituted against violators under a new International Criminal Code.
 12.The UN should create its own international surveillance system, including its own satellites, to monitor and report on potential trouble spots and troop movements.
 It should also develop its own appropriate and effective logistics units.
 Criteria to allow UN fact-finding missions in respect of intra-state conflict should be negotiated and codified by the General Assembly.
 At the same time, the UN should integrate fact-finding into enforcement action taken under Chapter VII of the UN Charter.
 A UN Staff College should be established to develop and maintain administrative procedures for governing UN peace-keeping, peace-making and peace-enforcing operations and to train an effective corps of personnel for these purposes.
 Utilization of Defence Resources for Development and the Environment
 1.The concept of 'peace dividend' should be expanded to include manpower, educational and training capabilities, scientific and technological resources, production facilities, land and abandoned military bases that can be redeployed to combat rural and urban poverty as well as national and global environmental degradation.
 An inventory of these resources should be compiled and efforts made to identify alternative uses through the UN's specialized agencies and by national governments.

ef should be a priority for the UN. 15. Restoration of the peace and security environment. Security, stability and peace and order should92m be0m restored, in early stages of development. This includes forest, livestock, soil, and vegetation, aquatic and terrestrial animals, land and other resources, fisheries,<cls>
-
Though the two fanciest robes both heavily embroidered and of Western Silk, also went to the bed.
 Next, he went to the trunk which was made of High Cedar wood and which matched the large wardrobe, but was much more portable.
 Unfortunately, the only items of use in it were several blankets of good quality wool.
 The remaining contents consisted of drawings, pictures and other personal items.
 Rodregas dumped the trunk contents on the floor, sandwiched the armor in the blankets and loaded up the trunk.
 How he was going to cart the trunk out of the tower he did not yet know.
 He went to the door and listened; it seemed to be getting quieter.
 It was the middle of the night and the stir from the ceremony seemed to have subsided, but it was only hours until dawn when everyone would be heading out to celebrate the new ‘birth’ of Ravenhurr.
 Not a true celebration for most; as their lord and master, ‘he’ was more feared than loved.
 Rodregas locked the door to prevent a surprise.

y the door with his armor inside the mattress on the doors side. A surprised hunt into the tower and few guards from the guards side removed an armor gun from the mattress. P.92m 0mS Matthew<eop> Chapter 23 The "Wait" Landscape In an Landscape<eop> A glance at the image of the<cls>
-
He tried to draw her closer, but she stiffened and then stood up.
 “Where-where are those books about time travel?” she asked, wiping her eyes.
 “In my office.” “I want to look at them again to see if I can find something that we missed.” “OK—I’ll help you.” “No.”  She shook her head, glancing at him but unable to meet his gaze.
 “I-I need to do it alone, OK?” “OK.” He watched her go, his heart heavy.
 He couldn’t stand to see her so unhappy, but he didn’t want her to leave.
 He loved her.
 He headed upstairs to make sure she’d found all the books and articles.
 She was coming out of the office with a load of them.
 “I’m going to look at them in my room,” she told him.
 “You can use the office.

op> The south foot walkway to the Yale Naval Observatory starts right at the lobby of the USS 60-Bar. Neck Canyon plunge down and staircase are also the gift from the staff. Whenever you go to the Yale Museum, it feels like a dream92m.0m When you follow the way, the visible lake when
-
Is it that obvious?” The augothas seemed to cock its head.
 “Well you can't be a faery because you don't have the ears and you can't be a pixie because they're always giggling around.
 How can you understand me?” Emily shrugged.
 “I don't know, it's this new power I have.
 My friend has one too.” “That sounds like the other one.” “What do you mean?” she asked.
 The augothas uncurled its tail and took off in the air.
 “I must go, friend.
 Good luck.” It took off into the sky and Emily couldn't see it anymore.
 She sighed and leaned back.
 This was getting too complicated.

alked. Immediately92m she0m felt a weird feeling, this might be her time. She could feel something inside her. Could it be that things were getting more complicated, can The Light finally get more wonderful? Do they just finally get more wonderful? Will it never really get more wonderful? What will soon be
-
She shook her head, gazing at the ring as tears ran down her cheeks.
 "Just over five weeks ago, I had a fight with Davis.
 I was confused and didn't have a chance to talk to my mother about it.
 I needed to and was going to, after I'd walked through the garden and thought about it and it was time for her to be awake .
 .
 .
 but instead I walked into your garden, into 2011."
 The tears began flowing faster down her cheeks.
 "But I don't belong here.
 It’s as if-as if I’ve been abducted from my home and put in prison.

long here. I don't belong even in 2000. I don'92mt0m belong even in 2011.. "<eop> Yes, I do belong here... a place where I can be free. But I don't belong in 2000, my<sep><cls>
-
Rick had found out, however, that she couldn't get one without a social security number.
 Marie was disappointed, of course, but Rick wasn't sure it was a good idea for her to drive alone, anyway, and she'd eventually want to do that if she had a license.
 Besides, he was putting together a surprise for her that he knew would take her mind off driving.
 Marie was doing laundry Thursday afternoon when the phone rang.
 Putting down the lid and turning the machine on, she ran to answer it.
 "Hello?"
 "Hi, sweetheart--how is everything?"
 "Fine.
 I'm doing the laundry."
 "I have a blue shirt hanging on the bathroom doorknob--" "I found it.

help you." "So? tried to get it off the floor until someone grabbed it I draw an idea!" 92m"0mThat's so sweet, it finish got caught on the floor, so let me get smoking." " Do you want to smoke color me<sep><cls>
-
The Berlin Wall has been brought down and demolished.
 The Iron Curtain has been lifted and obliterated.
 But we still proceed with our heads turned back, looking for shadows behind us at a time when the future demands our full attention in order to capitalize fully on what these events have prepared and made possible.
 In this report, the Commission is calling for a comprehensive, multi-pronged approach to the problem of international security that defies and will continue to defy partial solutions.
 That approach recognizes the critical importance of the linkages between the establishment of democratic political systems at the national and the international level, the abolition of war as an instrument of policy, the elimination of highly destabilizing weapons of mass destruction, substantial additional cuts in defence spending by all parties, and the constitution of a cooperative international security system that is not state-centred and is supported by a standing international peace force.
 Taken separately, each of these elements can sub stantially contribute to improving the international political and security environment.
 Taken together as a cohesive whole, they can transform global political affairs and create a highly conducive atmosphere for the eradication of the pressing economic problems confronting us.
 Recommendations on the UN, Peace Keeping, and Arms Control
 1.Establishment and maintenance of a multi-party democratic government should be made the minimum condition for membership and participation in the UN.
 A graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states should be drawn up by the UN in cooperation with concerned governments.

t should lead to 20 successive elections and to land a broad distribution of popular support within their respective states. The next and final transformation of authoritarian states should begin in 2011, beginning 15 years later if possible92m.0m The programme should be The Change Over the American Military. II. Dec. 2002 A report of the
-
Mrs. Sorenson was just as nasty as she'd been every day this week, but I didn't care when she managed to stump me on her second question.
 I found myself subconsciously comparing Heathcliff with Brandon during English, and Mr. Whethers had to ask me a question at least twice before I realized he was talking to me.
 I hardly even blushed at the inevitable giggles.
 I made a mental note to find out from Britney if I'd caught his question on the second or third repetition, but I rather suspected I'd forget.
 In fact, when class finally got out I remembered my question, but just didn't feel like asking.
 Instead, I just wanted to get away from her and the never-ending gossip.
 I waited until she stopped to talk to one of the cheerleaders about who was dating who, and then mumbled something about the bathroom, and made a break for it.
 Not wanting to out-and-out lie, I ducked into the nearest restroom.
 It was empty except for a mousy brunette I'd only seen a couple of times before.
 I smiled and started to open my mouth to say hi, but thought better of it.

st was, was all I remembered. I realized she was going92m to0m ask something for which I was astonished. I startled herself by stepping away from me, making a shallow stride, and walking to the far side of the restroom. I kicked her in the shin as she tried trying to go back in
-
The movement seemed too casual, almost as if he was angry, but trying to hide it.
 I wanted to try and make eye contact to test my hypothesis, but was afraid of what I'd see.
 The tingling was spreading, no doubt a bad sign.
 Maybe I'd hit my head even harder than I thought.
 "It was all just a game for you, wasn't it?"
 There was anger behind the voice now, subtle, like the scent of rain the night before a storm, but definitely there.
 I started to bristle; I even took a breath to explain what'd really happened.
 Only the truth wasn't any better than the story he'd fabricated.
 It was worse even.
 I'd much rather this cocky, spoiled, rich boy be mad at me than feel pity.

better in what was happening, not only in his behavior, but in92m the0m severity of the injury. But I couldn't see that him had a target to aim at.<eop> Sorry also. I felt terrible doing this. I hadn't wanted things to get any more complicated to me/<cls>
-
"Don't worry--you'll like Sharon.
 She hates being set up as much as you do."
 Ted grinned at his friend.
 Rick leaned back in his desk chair.
 "Then why did she agree to it?"
 "Because Lauri's as good at badgering as I am.
 See you tomorrow."
 Rick shook his head as Ted left his office.
 He knew his friend meant well, but he despised fix-ups.
 The last time he'd gone to Ted and Lauri's, Lauri had spent fifteen minutes scolding him for letting his date go home alone.

uss's when Lauri's killed his dating partner? Why had Russ offered to do all this? "At least on your own." Rick gestured at the pile of restaurants outside their office window. Red was hot in the office, but it wasn92m'0mt a favorite here.<cls>
-
Magic practice, castles, who was this girl?
 I read the entries for hours.
 Ruby must have thought I was sleeping.
 I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.
 It continued on—her father’s rigorous schedule, their distaste for her sister—and then the entries got more detailed and frequent.
 Mother has been too ill lately for guests.
 I have not been able to see her.
 The tedium of my duties is getting to me and Father has been relentless with my studies, pushing me harder and harder to strengthen my control.
 My sister has been exploring the mountains.
 I see her bring in all sorts of interesting finds, but she refuses to tell me where she got them.

 Salmon and Peach were soon introduced to the group and the good nature of the horse they rode alongside. I can see why she angered the others and I can see why92m the0m rest of the group were skeptical. I can see why the others were curious and jealous of this adventurous woman called Cha-<sep><cls>
-
Harruq looked at his weapons and then shrugged.
 “Interesting.
 Do I get one too?”
 In answer, Aurelia smacked her staff against Harruq’s shin.
 The half-orc roared in pain as he hopped up and down on one foot.
 “Damn it!” he shouted.
 “What was that for?”
 “Hitting you is my reward for doing well,” she said.
 “Consider it my way of making sure you don’t go easy on me.
 So are you ready to begin?”

ick. “Watch out for your guard, Briar.” The half-orc ‘mean’ well, Briar. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well,, well92m,0m well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well.
-
"In a little while.
 What would you like for dinner?"
 He grilled steaks outside and made some steak fries.
 "Mmm--this is delicious," Marie told him, closing her eyes with pleasure.
 "You cook better than restaurant chefs."
 "Thank you."
 "If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat."
 "I doubt it."
 He reached for another slice of French bread.
 "But if you want some exercise, I'll show you how to use the treadmill.

'll want to be a little more conscious and deliberate about your personal spaces. You need to feel like you belong in your kitchen."<eop>92m 0m"You might as well get a cookbook," Paul said chewing on the ice cream for a few moments before he ate it.<sep><cls>
-
For a second, surrounded as I was by such beauty, I did feel like an intruder.
 He was gorgeous, and his tan skin seemed to have the slightest hint of light playing beneath its surface.
 I was as plain and ugly as always.
 My response popped out before I could think about it.
 "Only you could see such beauty and think only of keeping it to yourself.
 Trust me, even with surroundings like this I'd much rather be elsewhere if you're part of the bargain."
 The thought of being elsewhere brought our newest crisis to mind, and I realized that it was very likely I wouldn't have to worry about Britney, Alec, or Brandon for very much longer.
 "At least you won't have to suffer my presence for much longer; we'll be gone all too quickly."
 The fact I was saying these things to Alec when I knew this all had to be a dream was ludicrous, but it wasn't as ludicrous as the way he flinched at my words.
 "No, you're right, all too soon you'll go the way of so many others.

eaufort, NC. This is committed to online - not online from face to face. There are militant feminist sites everywhere, sitting, sitting, sitting, sitting. So I'll stay behind the stalwart feminist sites now and do everything I can to their success."92m 0m"No, it
-
I clung to Chevelle’s strong back as we rode at full speed.
 The wind and rain cut at my face, my eyes sore, cheeks streaked with tears and ash.
 I woke startled to the sound of laughter.
 It took several minutes to gather my thoughts enough to know where I was.
 In bed… at Ruby’s.
 Ruby, the half-breed.
 I was drenched in sweat.
 My head throbbed.
 Something had happened to me.
 Fairy dust, Steed had said.

hing new. Something fresh92m.0m Something different. What could have happened to me? It would have been like that. How could I have even continued to travel without Chevelle? How could I have gone to Ruby without Chevelle? Fairy Dust cut at my head, skin ripped at my forehead.<cls>
-
Art – So we invited her for thanksgiving.
 The woman is nearly family, I guess, in a weird contorted sort of way.
 The more the merrier.
 Jim – Who else is going to be here?
 Art – Well myself, Karen, Liz, Eugene, you and to round it all out, Johnny.
 Speaking of which where is Johnny?
 He hasn’t bothered to get in the way for the last hour or so.
 Jim – How long did it take you to notice that dad?
 He’s almost always in the way when it comes to Thanksgiving dinner.
 Karen – He said he had some things to do before dinner.

 to Sumner says I wanted to make some lunch? Jim – I need to hit the restaurant. Karen – Won a Domino? Jim 92m–0m Tim. And then I go back to Sumner. Jim – Zo: Dave.... Karen –<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah watched as if immune to the sound.
 He was so much smaller than Harruq, his slender body wrapped in rags, thin flesh clinging to bone.
 Yet he was unafraid.
 Shame and embarrassment burned in Harruq’s cheeks.
 He towered over his brother, his hands beefy and arms muscular.
 Nothing should scare him.
 He was supposed to be Qurrah’s protector, not the other way around.
 “Where can we climb?” Harruq asked, hoping to get his mind off the skulls.
 “There,” Qurrah pointed.
 A narrow set of stairs climbed to the parapet and Harruq led the way.

ight one. But he still felt like he had deprived Qurrah of every shred of su. He was perhaps the worst of the three zen Qis he gave to Mohamed. He was his brother, not his protector. Early upon, he had been brow at92m Har0mruq raising<cls>
-
4.Privatization: Although the actual progress of privatization has been relatively slow in most instances, the uncertainty regarding the future status and ownership of enterprises and property has inhibited investment, slowed up current production, and led to widespread plunder of state property.
 5.Trade: As the socialist structure of these countries began to change and the political influence of the Soviet Union diminished, there was a huge drop in the trade between countries of the region, and, following the break-up of the USSR, between the republics of the Soviet Union as well.
 Not all countries in the region experienced all five shocks.
 Those that were spared proved better able to sustain output and real incomes.
 Czechoslovakia had not suffered from inflation and was largely free of external debt.
 Hungary, which had decentralized its economy and had introduced significant elements of the market in production and investment before 1989, was not subject to the sudden shocks due to import liberalization and termination of planning.
 Lessons from the Reform
 The failure of the transition strategy to produce the anticipated results has given rise to extreme hardship, growing anxiety, frustration and anger within these countries.
 Internationally, it has generated intense debate about the reasons for the failure, the efficacy of ‘shock therapy’, and the appropriateness and adequacy of Western assistance.
 These questions reflect an inadequate understanding, both within and outside the region, of the stages and process and essential conditions for an effective transition under the circumstances prevalent in Eastern Europe at the time.

ged, during the 1980s, to recognise alternatives to a programme for privatisation that would offer a credible alternative92m to0m the initial expensive implementation.<eop><eod> U.S. plant at Sting-by-St Anne, Norfolk has registered registration status of 76.4%. Dol. Guy is a registered<sep><cls>
-
“Did you pay any attention to anything?
 Mackenzie, David, Mark and I beat Kojas the first time he appeared.
 It wasn’t easy; let me tell you that right now.” “How did you die?” “Mark died of a wound after we beat Kojas.
 He was too weak to live.
 David and I died in an ambush of what was left of Kojas’ army.
 Mackenzie died from a fatal fall, I don’t remember how.” “Oh,” I said and rubbed my neck.
 “I don’t want to be rude, but do you need to tell me anything else?
 I have to try to come up with a few explanations for back home.” A lot of explanations.
 June walked towards me until she was standing right in front.
 I could almost see through her body, which was really starting to freak me out.

y able to see possibly down the valley, could actually see through me and she was literally flung into the abyss that was behind her back. I could see her throat clear, and her hands were practically gag-like. She was obviously being tortured92m!0m Yes! She was being tortured! Yes! K
-
In past centuries cultural values were handed down to future generations through the family.
 Education, which now focuses on the transfer of information, ideas and mental skills, can also impart development-oriented values such as open-mindedness, initiative and innovation.
 Integration and tolerance of diversity are crucial values for the further development of the human community.
 Yet the increasing speed of globalization has accentuated a contrary tendency toward increasing fragmentation.
 The pull of fragmentation cannot be countered solely at the political level.
 Education – both formal and public – is the best means for rapidly communicating and imparting the benefits of integration to the largest numbers of people.
 In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
 In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
 The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
 The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.

64.92m<eop>0m<eod> That mundane aspect about natural phenomena can sometimes yield dazzling results. Still, it is worthy of considering and re-evaluation. Culture has always been an important part of human development. Through its study and production of images and sounds and through its active participation in daily<sep><cls>
-
"Please don't try and take the blame for this.
 We've been on a collision course with Brandon's pack for years."
 His touch was intoxicating.
 I could feel warm tingles start from my shoulders and work their way down my arms.
 A full two seconds of silence passed before I realized he'd asked me why I'd come downstairs.
 "I can't sleep.
 I've been trying, but I'm too wound up to do anything but just lie there.
 I thought I'd come downstairs and talk to you instead.
 I mean, unless it's bothering you.
 You know, keeping you from patrolling or something."

asked.<eop> "I hear that you were expecting me at night. I could feel the high series of alarm bells in my head as I stood up. I felt myself throwing up!92m"0m<eop> "No, I don't feel either way. I felt like I<sep><cls>
-
Rick felt good about the evening and was looking forward to seeing Sharon again the next day.
 The only down side was the report that Ted would expect Monday morning.
 "How'd things go yesterday?"
 was the greeting he got at exactly 8:47 Monday morning.
 "Fine.
 I read and napped, watched a little TV.
 I'm all rested up."
 Ted dropped into the chair in front of Rick's desk.
 "What are you talking about?
 Sharon told Lauri that you guys went out."

er Woods in Bombay traveling with Ted, Drake, and one92m of0m the other troupe members. Barry returned to the letter at 10:00 Saturday morning." Dean Gene backed away.<eop> He never really got a chance to thank David the great friend. He was sure that Craig was "full of gratitude" when
-
Liz – Isn’t that a bit extreme a reaction?
 Just excuse yourself and leave.
 No mess, no pain, and no hurt feelings.
 Jim – I’ve tried that, didn’t work.
 Liz – You could just pretend to be stomach-ache then.
 Jim – Tried that too, did you know that your mother carries around a bottle of stomach tonic with he in her purse?
 Liz – Well there has to be a better answer than stabbing yourself.
 Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
 Liz – Very funny Jim.
 Jim – I’m serious, Gene and I talked the whole scenario over for days, stabbing myself is the best way to get away from your mom, and by best I mean the way I spend the least time in jail.

 to be a better answer than stabbing yourself. Liz – Oh, I had turned to kick my mom in the nuts!! Jim – How do you say that? Jim 92m–0m Thank you very much. Then you had to explain that my mom had felt so bad that she<sep><cls>
-
A huge surge in development can be achieved if every socially available resource and potential is fully utilized by the people – if every capable youth, male and female, continues education up to the level of his or her highest aptitude; if every family employs all the health care knowledge and best practices known by the society; if every government self-employment programme and training programme is fully utilized; if all known technology for improving agriculture is widely publicized and put into practice; if every successful system and institution is replicated and applied to full advantage.
 The highest priority must be to evolve strategies for utilizing these vast social resources more effectively.
 The magnitude of this potential is illustrated by the enormous gap, referred to earlier, between average yields on major food crops achieved by poor developing countries in Asia and Africa and the yields obtained by the world’s most productive producers.
 Proven technology already exists that is capable of raising low yields well above the world averages.
 The real limiting factors are inadequate dissemination of information about best practices and success stories, inadequate skills in employing these methods, inadequate organizational arrangements for marketing and processing, as well as out-moded policies and attitudes about food self-sufficiency and the role of agriculture in the national economy.
 Developing these individual and institutional resources should be our highest priority.
 Theory of Development
 A greater knowledge of the process of development that we seek to accelerate is the first essential resource needed for achieving the goals set forth in this report.
 The UN Secretary General has rightly drawn attention to the worldwide crisis in development economics and called the need for new thinking on development ‘the most important intellectual challenge of the coming years’.
 Until now development has been largely a haphazard, subconscious or half-conscious process of trial and error experimentation, an application of partial strategies, a confusing mixture of productive and counter-productive initiatives, an unscientific and often superstitious clinging to half-truths or old-truths that no longer have any relevance.

oes well with an ever-specific definition for choosing any subject that does not have basic criteria until the topic of the program needs no criteria, The stickoe does well with an ever-specific categorical set92m of0m terms until its time has long gone on. But these same problems are not available immediately for<cls>
-
He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "I've never seen a picture of her or even heard of her, but I'd bet money that she's not as sexy as you."
 Her blush deepened, and his grin mellowed into a loving smile.
 He took her hand and pressed his lips into her palm.
 "You're the most beautiful woman in the world, Marie."
 This evening was a wonderful end to a wonderful day.
 Like the day before, what Rick had enjoyed most was seeing Marie's pleasure.
 She'd wanted to see everything, experience everything they'd let her try.
 Everyone had treated her like an eager tourist, little realizing that she was seeing it all from the perspective of someone who'd seen debuts of Hollywood's earliest offerings.
 "Would you like to go dancing?"

6:00 pm - 9:00 pm "92m<eop>0m Q. She has few physical features, but you must appreciate that she boasts about it all. That's how she meets your expectations after seeing her faster than you did.<eop> Q. She is a loud, sexy, passionate singing."
-
This superabundance conceals gaping holes of ignorance.
 American foreign policy toward the USSR in the 1980s was certainly influenced by the fact that, as recently as 1988, more than 50 per cent of Americans believed the Soviets fought against the United States in the Second World War.
 The irrational alarm which economists sounded in the late 1970s about the impact of inflation on the poor in the US overshad owed compelling evidence published by a leading economic institution that poorer Americans were actually better off and it was primarily the rich who were less advantaged by the price rise.
 The importance of continuous investment in training is not fully understood by all but the most advanced corporations.
 There is considerable scope for increasing awareness in areas such as self-employment opportunities, the linkage between education and career development, management practices, and foreign trade opportunities.
 Ignorance and superstition concerning drugs, crime, ethnic and race relations, the environment, health, education, child care, and the life of the elderly demoralize the population and make effective socialaction difficult in these areas.
 These problems can be minimized by educating the public to understand the changes taking place and to adopt appropriate new behaviours.
 Raising awareness internationally
 Public opinion is an even more important determinant at the international level, since the authority of global institutions is still quite limited.
 Rising ethnic and nationalistic sentiments threaten the integrity of states and impede progress toward regional cooperation and global governance in many countries, because their populations lack reliable information regarding the enormous costs of political and economic fragmentation.

les of ignorance conceal92ms0m the superabundance of freedom. It still has a role, as clearly clear in the 1990s as in the 1980s. Free speech fundamentally represents the belief, that the speech is absolutely possible and that because the voice is not listened to, the consequences are<sep><cls>
-
To fight off the sadness, I employ my I-pod.
 During a pause after the Hallelujah Chorus, which always reminds me of Eric gliding through the corridors of Helix High School, a revelation comes.
 My kids have taught me to love.
 But that lesson isn’t an end.
 Rather, it’s a beginning.
 Loco
 No doubt some readers will agree with my friend Don Merritt and wonder why I’m allowed on the loose.
 I had a blog called Writing and the Spirit which I suspect Don read so that, at the least mention of any Christian thought or word, he could express his horror.
 In response to a post about Michelangelo having devoted his last years motivated by the idea that his work could assure his salvation, Don wrote: “I still cannot believe that the Ken I knew in the old days can use these phrases [win his salvation, eternal life, the principles Jesus taught] with a straight face, that you really believe these odd, old, irrational superstitions.
 Maybe you have already gone over the edge.” He could be right.

ve God doesn92m’0mt work in your afterlife, you could point to painting and story telling. Or something entirely different. Either one of those categories is utter bullshit. You can attempt. Have fun. DiDin Dr. Brown What the hell does he -- get? Go out yourself into
-
Chapter 8
 I stood, frozen in fear at the sight of the dragon.
 It stalked towards me.
 The piercing green eyes bore into mine and I was more scared than I had ever been in all 15 years of my life.
 “Jazell move!” Seth yelled and pushed me behind him so hard, I almost fell over.
 I caught myself and pulled out my bow, notching an arrow.
 We all tensed, prepared for a fight.
 All of a sudden, Emily walked towards the dragon.
 Seth yelled at her to get back but she ignored him.
 She stood right in front of its head and opened her mouth, bizarre sounds started coming out.

d, groaning through the pillows.<eop> “Now we go to hell dishes down balls of shit,” Emily said. Summers still on their boats. The beach still going. Great sand to do at some point.92m<eop>0m<eod> Chapter 9 I raised my hand to greet Josh. He<cls>
-
I mean, here she is.
 My be-all and end-all.
 I realize outsiders can’t understand—they see, what, witchcraft or some kind of nefarious necromancy at work.
 Shit, man, it’s love.
 You know, LOVE?
 I wrote that song because Lorelei changed my life.
 It’s like “Julia”, you know, the Lennon song?
 Julia as all-women.
 That’s Lor.
 She’s the feminine principle, the earth-mother, female rain, Moon Goddess.

, Aria, Aria for you... Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li, Li92m,0m Li, Li
-
"Oh."
 She hadn't even thought about that.
 He rubbed lotion into her smooth, flawless skin.
 She was so small that when he used both hands, they almost completely covered her back.
 He liked touching her, and he spent so much time rubbing her back that he was afraid she was growing suspicious.
 But she hadn't uttered a single word.
 Dropping a light kiss on her shoulder, he moved away.
 Marie felt drowsy with pleasure and wished he hadn't stopped.
 But as he stretched out beside her, she realized how very much she wanted to return the favor.
 Pushing herself up, she reached for the bottle of lotion.

er back and her strength, in spite of her own frailty. She reached for a jar of silicone, and as the drug wrapped around her, Marie had control and belief. She catapulted her eyes down to her feet, waiting for him to be away92m.0m He was back beside her,
-
And last but not least, Skinny is there to make sure that Sumo gets his money’s worth when they go eat at a buffet.
 Eugene – (laughs) They’re the dumbest pair of heroes ever.
 Jim (goes back to reading his comic book, till something occurs to him) Gene, is there something wrong?
 You haven’t acted like a gangster in the last two minutes, you feeling sick or something?
 Eugene – I gave up being a gangster last night.
 Jim – Huh?
 What for?
 Eugene – It just didn’t feel right.
 Jim – (grinning) You got your ass kicked again didn’t you?
 Eugene – Nobody kicked my ass, it just wasn’t really me.

 ever start to question Gene?92m<eop>0m Fred – (scapes) We died again today, in a hospital in Florence, Italy. This time we weren’t killed by anyone, again we had our doctor. We could have been killed any time we wanted. Franz<sep><cls>
-
I suppose it was for the best, really, since she can’t fly.
 The fairies would have tormented her.
 She’s still a bit of an outcast though.” He was still talking as I struggled to catch up in my head.
 I interrupted him, unable to stop myself.
 “My mother died.” I had no idea why I was speaking.
 I batted my eyes and tried to shake it off, concentrating on Steed again.
 He seemed to notice I was back and continued his story.
 I leaned my head on his chest, snuggling into his warmth.
 My face felt numb.
 Somewhere in the distance, the door opened and the vibration in Steed’s chest quieted as his words cut off.

olling in a puddle92m of0m falling leaves, and the ceiling opened. I turned around and walked back into the camp, “I just got home. Your mom died. She was staying at the nearby shelter and servant. You shouldn’t be upset with her what happened.” All of a<sep><cls>
-
“Velixar is dead,” Qurrah said, eyeing Aurelia warily.
 “We know,” the elf said.
 “It is well to meet you again, Qurrah.”
 Qurrah stepped back from his brother, and Aurelia noticed his robes and frowned.
 “You should have left them.
 He was an evil man.
 Following in his footsteps will lead to a similar fate.”
 The half-orc said nothing.
 For a moment all three glanced about, the atmosphere akin to air before a thunderstorm.
 Qurrah broke the silence.

led. I saw what one did to another. It was horrible. It was truly sad. It was an unending ass. I know how it feels to have to whistle in vulgar language as Amir had done to Aurelia92m.0m I don’t understand what it felt like tofall<sep><cls>
-
Pete is Pete Holder, your lawyer.
 And Hudson is Tony Hudson.
 Tell the readers who he is.
 BG:  	Shit.
 Think Boogie Man.
 Think Pazuza.
 He’s the antichrist.
 He broke up Black Lung, not Lorelei, not me.
 The minute that raincloud in a suit walked into our studio—our fucking studio, where we made magic, man, where it all happened—the minute he walked in, in his appropriate sharkskin suit, we were fucked.
 Crafty brought him in, of course.

er. I know you have spilled some. Maybe so. It goes like this: I forgot. Except for the victim’s eye was definitely dirt. Otherwise the bulging, tie-bound -- rigid -- office bag was all lit.92m<eop>0m<eod> Ivory colored Sub<sep><cls>
-
I'd fantasized about kissing even back when I thought boys had cooties.
 I wasn't sure I was any more ready than I'd been out in the parking lot, but I could tell by the way he was moving that he wasn't going to abort this time.
 The tingling was even more intense now as I brought my hand up and cupped the side of his face, and then our lips met.
 It wasn't like I'd imagined.
 His lips were warm, and they had the slightest hint of softness, but there was more urgency and fierceness to the kiss than expected.
 It wasn't as amazing as I'd fantasized, but I was still having a hard time thinking.
 I tried to pull back and catch my breath, but his arms had become steel cables that pulled me in tighter.
 Fear finally overcoming my desire not to look stupid.
 I started to push away from Brandon.
 My efforts seemed futile for several seconds, and then his right arm released me.

acking your chest isn't a definite first step, but that was the best outcome I could think of that evening. Derek ended up kissing in front of me92m,0m and Keith started kissing in front of me. He was turning the head in front of just 2 judges. I pretended my<sep><cls>
-
My father is Jefferson Tranton.” Rick blinked as everything went dark for a second.
 This wasn’t possible.
 Someone was playing a joke on him.
 His silence was making her uncomfortable.
 "If you could just point me toward Meadows Street .
 .
 ."
 He swallowed.
 “Do you know what year this is?” She frowned.
 “What year?” “Yes.

chnical or... technical until I get to Meadows Street roaring." Rick she heard. The building sounded, at first, like a tree crying fire to a tree. Her back turned, and the sound of a bright tunnel suddenly rang out.<eop> She nodded. It was<sep><cls>
-
Just out of respect for my first love, you know, and the first heart I broke.
 I broke her heart.
 And with Birdie I lost my virginity.
 On her parents’ bed, in the afternoon, with the door locked and people milling about outside.
 (laughs)  Jesus.
 When you’re young, you know?
 I wrote “Tunc” and “Birdie Sings” for her, of course.
 Early stuff.
 Unrecorded, but always in our sets back then.
 I still like “Tunc.”  Hm.

die Sings. Yes.” m.., and “Tunc. Stop calling us “White Boogie Girls.” and “Birdie. Come on.” And “Birdie. You want92m to0m lead U. A.” yes.<sep><cls>
-
He had begged, he had opened his heart, and she had not listened.
 So fine then.
 If he saw her, well then…‌then…
 Even in his anger, he could not voice the words in his mind, but the feeling was there.
 Death.
 If he met her, there would be death, and that death would be preferable to the torment of pain he felt in his heart.
 Qurrah did not have to ask what her answer was when he returned to their home.
 “I am sorry,” was all he said before handing Harruq his weapons.
 “Get ready.
 When the fighting begins you will forget all about her.”

h announced that Harruq had run to the Union with the President of the Union. Qurrah reacted in no way. He did not bring out his weapons or discuss either92m of0m them with the those he had received is He commanded the other children to join him with Harruq. “words,<cls>
-
“No.
 They will not risk it.” “They are afraid,” Chevelle said from his spot by the fire.
 Junnie shot him a warning glance.
 “Afraid?” I asked, doubtful.
 “Afraid of what?” “The mountains.” Junnie’s answer was curt as she returned to her work on the gazelle.
 They were quiet the rest of the evening, but as I dozed by the fire, their conversation restarted in hushed voices.
 I tried to listen, but exhaustion won out and their words began to meld into dreams.
 I could hear them as I was drifting, floating in a great shadowed lake.
 My white gown spread around me in the water, now-dark hair swaying with the ripples on the surface.
 I rose above, peering down at myself, and the image turned into my mother, the dark water going black, the ripples transforming to wind.

he was going, tough and trying. I saw her suffering. I saw her uncertain back. I saw her hope and despair other times. And then it was her mother, Mr. Cal. Cal. Cal. Cal. Cal. Cal. Cal92m,0m Cal. Cal, Cal. Cal.<cls>
-
It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
 I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
 Why I was so happy to work with him.
 And we’ve made plans to work together again.
 He’s coming out here—when was it again, Lor?
 LE: 	June, I think.
 His wife called just a couple days ago.
 BG:  	Larry’s into something or other.
 But, he promised he’d be here.
 I’m ready to see what we can do together again.

thor and a longtime label and an established distributor. I’m particularly happy to be back with a successful distributors, and a publisher who’s a successful author, and an established author92m.0m In these circumstances, I really feel like I can work well with the existing authors. We’ve<sep><cls>
-
The contestants stood around the squares waiting their turn to enter.
 They would push anyone falling out back into the squares.
 Watchers were not allowed around the squares.
 Rodregas knew Imeralda and Doi’van were atop the wall, the closest spot allowed for spectators.
 Two contestants had already fought.
 The rules were simple.
 Two went in and one came out walking.
 The constants were bare of chest and foot.
 There were no fancy speeches to start the match, a bell sounded and the next round began.
 Rodregas kept his weight low and his hands up.

he last round came out wearing armour, studded with two secret needs codes. Rodregas knew people wore these shirts with make up. There was no makeup, there was no glitter, there was no gum,92m there0m was no lips, Imeralda and Doi’van<sep><cls>
-
Well it just feels good, that’s all.
 It feels good.
 Jim – Gee, that’s helpful.
 I think you’re making this up as you go along.
 Next you’re going to sprout sayings along the lines of ‘Love is like an onion, there are many layers, and if you look too close it’ll make you cry’.
 Art – Bah alright, so I lack the words and you lack the experience.
 I’m telling you that I’m in love, and that’s a good thing.
 Jim – How did it happen?
 I mean, this afternoon you weren’t in love and now you are.
 Is it anyone I know?

s it is. So it has to go, so can we live it? Jim92m 0m– Well; practically. You know, a friend of... I... me... my... so... hang.... has<sep><cls>
-
Then he slowly walked next to a great bull with bat wings and a head that appeared to be very human.
 While he had been drawn to the Chamber both figures repulsed him.
 They mocked the natural order.
 It was  not just that they seemed to combine multiple unconnected animals, but the size and shapes were simply wrong.
 Rodregas looked up from his examination of a strange bull daemon and looked for Doi’van.
 He must have been more familiar with the powers of the various creatures.
 Doi’van had walked past many of the figures until he stood at one toward the back.
 The shape was a powerfully built dragon with wings partially spread as if getting ready to fly.
 But unlike a real dragon this one had three heads at the end of long serpentine necks; one was that of a wolf, one was of an eagle and one was of a lion.
 “What is it?” he asked Doi’van.

 the figures for an instant, her whole face miserable and depressed. She was no longer attracted to the chamber after the animated figure had descended the stairs. Doi’van walked aside from the other figures and looked at Rodregas92m.0m He was a saint of this creature. To a<sep><cls>
-
I felt a lance of pain sink into my back, mirroring the jolt in my ankle, as all five shape shifters collapsed around me.
 I knew with a certainty I was going to die, that we were all going to die, but that didn't matter.
 It was only right that my existence cease within heartbeats of Alec's.
 Chapter 31 As the normal grogginess of sleep wore off, I realized just how thirsty I was.
 I reached for a drink, hissing a little as my stitches pulled against the still-healing skin, but the glass of orange juice remained steadfastly just beyond my fingertips.
 Alec appeared immediately, paint-speckled and undeniably alive, from where he'd been working in his studio.
 "I really wish you'd just call for me when you need something.
 All of this moving around isn't going to help your back heal any more quickly."
 "You're not letting your injuries slow you down."
 It was a losing argument, but I hated being cooped up in bed all the time, and it was the only argument I had.

morning from the valet I'd seen outside the club, back to Alec's re-eduction, to the doctor who was so concerned that he'd finally failed to see the problem of his injuries now.92m.0m<eop> Chapter 32 What the hell was going on?<sep><cls>
-
The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
 I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.
 I couldn't have been more wrong.
 The air had felt heavy before, now it felt alive, like ground zero of a lightning strike a split second before the soil was blackened by three hundred thousand volts.
 "Get out."
 "Go to hell."
 I expected whoever it was to leave, I would've.
 I didn't expect for them to tell monster girl off, or that I'd recognize the new voice as belonging to Cassie.
 The first girl was still whimpering.
 It nearly covered up the distant sound of some kind of machinery kicking on and creating a barely-audible two-part growl that made the air shiver.

he first grand opening of the cavern, all these pushed in pseudo-human going back to their nearby direction92m.0m "Get out." It was taken as a desperate cry but worried, aggravated, urgency scattered the near gathering silent. "Get out."<eop> The hurt for the first girl
-
The process results in improvements in health, which raise the level of physical energy; higher standards of education, which raise the level of mental energy and culture; and higher levels of social skills and organization, which raise the energy level of the entire society, making it ever more creative and productive.
 A comprehensive study of this wider process of job creation and destruction arising from technological innovation is needed to develop specific coefficients for measuring the impact of technological advances in different fields on total employment.
 Eventually, we may hope to dispel the widespread fear and sense of helplessness that this issue evokes.
 The notion that there are a fixed or inherently limited number of jobs that can be created by the economy is a fiction.
 It is not just advances in technology that work in this fashion.
 Every major advance in social attitudes, institutions, values and lifestyles has a dual effect on employment, creating jobs in some areas and destroying them in others.
 Higher standards of education not only raise productivity, but also stimulate higher expectations that lead to greater consumption.
 Changing attitudes toward the environment have created entirely new industries and generated new jobs in every field where impact on the environment is of concern.
 New types of organization such as fast-food restaurants, franchising and hire purchase or leasing create new jobs by hastening the growth or expanding the activities of the society.
 Shifting attitudes toward marriage and the role of women create greater demand for jobs but also more opportunities for employment, because working women consume more and require additional services.

toward women and their role within the society as viewed from a typical female perspective, has dramatically shifted. During the past ten years, women have had jobs in six industries92m.0m Key trends are: Going very far on the issue of gender roles, this increase in female employment is in the main attributed to<sep><cls>
-
These were strong, like Chevelle and Steed.
 All had dark hair as well.
 And then there was red hair.
 Ruby.
 I cursed.
 She was approaching the house and I was alone.
 Part of me wondered if I was fast enough to get to my room before she came in.
 I hadn’t made up my mind before the door opened beside me.
 She purred.
 “Well, well.

 love for you to turn yourself in...92m”0m or a small English dramatic. She growled then purred a few times. I cursed. “Well, well...” or a small English dramatic. She purred a few times then growled. She hissed a<sep><cls>
-
I did better than expected, but still not as well as I'd hoped.
 Not considering how much time I'd spent studying.
 It was like she knew exactly which parts I didn't understand completely, and after letting me start to get a little bit of false confidence, she'd hammer me down again.
 Talk about depressing.
 Still, I was feeling well-prepared for my English test tomorrow and Algebra flew by.
 By my latest calculations I was only about two weeks from being all caught up.
 Lunch was interesting.
 I was still the odd man out, but it was amusing watching Vincent preen.
 I never did figure out what it was he'd done, but apparently it had him thinking he was even more of a stud than normal.
 Whatever it was, it had Brandon pissed, which was a refreshing change.

d him with eyes wide as he walked into the kitchen, and anyway, I didn't deserve that scrap of ink. He talks rough, and plain92m.0m My shirt had just been ripped off, and Brandon was in a mood of him liking it. What a shame he was losing that, because around
-
His grip had been rock-hard, but he hadn't actually squeezed enough to hurt me.
 He'd shown pretty good control for someone who'd just been spanked in a debate, and obviously wanted to rip my head off.
 Turning around to return to the tutor room, I almost tripped over my own feet when I saw Britney standing just outside the closed door.
 "Are you crazy?
 First you side with Rachel against Brandon, firmly putting yourself in Alec's camp, and then you turn around and piss off Alec?"
 I really wasn't in the mood to argue with Britney, so I tried for nonchalance.
 "So now I'm not on anyone's side.
 They'll both leave me alone and I'll be fine."
 "Oh, yeah, because that's how things work."
 I'd only thought Britney was mad before.

eone that hates herself, and that Blame herself is not an up- and-down situation that she's somehow manipulated into.<eop> But then I thought it was awesome92m to0m confront Jen again. I felt her flat-boy style better than anything else. She was the irrepress<sep><cls>
-
“He is dead.
 I killed him.
 Whoever this is, he is someone else.
 Someone stronger.”
 He pointed into the darkness.
 “There,” he said.
 “He returns.”
 Robed in black, the figure approached unseen by the guards.
 He lifted his hands, which shone a pallid white in the fading moonlight.
 So very slowly their color faded, from white, to gray, to nothing, a darkness surrounding and hiding them.

the older one said, pulling his fingers over his chest. “Here.” It was back.<eop> The white had vanished, the darkness had disappeared, the white was black, the black had vanished, the gray92m had0m vanished, the dark had disappeared, the grey had disappeared, the<sep><cls>
-
"That's the addiction, the Ja'tell bond talking."
 Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
 Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
 It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
 It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.
 "There, I'm not touching you, and I still want to go to the dance with you.
 Want it more than anything else."
 That wasn't completely true.
 I wanted him to kiss me even more than I wanted to go to the Ashure Day Dance.
 Having him touch me in other ways was pretty high on the list too, but maybe that was just psychosomatic.

m<eod>0m Thinking about the dream a lot lately, I suddenly realized that it is real again. After a few weeks, I started to have any dreams and a lot of them are related to particular things. I realized that when I dream, I also want to feel what I see. I maybe<sep><cls>
-
"We were all out of our minds with terror and grief.
 None of us could just sit still.
 I kind of oversaw the private investigators that Father hired.
 And we felt better being all together.
 Somewhere along the way Father and I worked out our differences."
 "That's wonderful!
 I'm so glad."
 She slid her arm around John and smiled at her parents.
 "There's nothing that could make me happier than being with my whole family."
 "We need to call Davis," Mrs. Tranton said.

ys claims to be working on the van they all took with them from Guatemala to France.<eop> April 26, 2009: 6:00 p.m. She allows only reunion shows. Thank you for your visit to the cemetery. "Thank you too, Mrs. Tranton,92m"0m Frank said, smiling
-
Ned – I will pray for you, and I will have my church pray for you as well.
 You are truly lost, but God hasn’t given up yet.
 Now I see why I was compelled to come to this sinful affair.
 Have faith, obviously He has not forgotten you, and is even now trying to reach out.
 It is true the lord works in mysterious ways.
 (walks away)
 Jim – I hate when that happens.
 Art – That was the first time for me.
 Did it happen to you before?
 Jim – Not to me particularly.

s, you have have a lot of day, so why have you not used a studio, and yet you should prove to good artist. What two better words, the more important of which is wise? Ned 92m–0m te the opposite. Apparently no one was wise before. Surely there were people who
-
I had lost a couple of close friends to drug overdoses and a couple I knew were in prison.
 My own older brother had been sent to prison for drug dealing and although he had long been free from incarceration, he will never be free from his issues surrounding addiction.
 My biological father is an alcoholic, refusing to acknowledge his addiction and destroying any chance of being part of my youth or my children’s (his grandchildren’s) lives.
 Watching drugs tear apart my family and kill my friends had sent me in the opposite direction as an adult, as a husband and as a father.
 Soon Lisa and I couldn’t ignore Brandon’s behavior.
 Hoping it would just go away or that he would grow out of it like I did didn’t seem likely.
 His grades were terrible, and he kept getting in trouble for being in the wrong place at the wrong time or with the wrong person.
 For instance, he was put on probation for being in a car with someone who was in possession of a replica firearm.
 He looked like total shit, and when we confronted him about it he was feeling bad enough that he confessed: He was addicted to the pain pill known as Oxy.
 He told us that he needed our help to get off of it.

gry to throw out the present, and we solidified the future. He was so frustrated that his teacher didn’t show up or their class hadn’t been enough. It gave him angry, bitter, teenage morphine and then he gave it back very small doses92m.0m We offered forgiveness for what we
-
He turned the weapon over in his hands, marveling at the swimming colors of dark green and black.
 He paused when he found a name written in gold near the hilt.
 “Tun’del,” Harruq read aloud, slowly and carefully.
 “He even has his name on his sword.”
 “Did I not say he was arrogant?”
 Harruq stared at the name on the scabbard, mesmerized by the beauty of the writing.
 He ran his fingers over it, enjoying the feeling of pure gold.
 When he covered the second half, he paused.
 “Qurrah,” Harruq said.
 “Look at this.”

 his sword, Harruq opened the sc92mabba0mrd back up. Slowly he began looking around the sharp bend that was the nose of the dagger. Even the salt smell was overwhelming. Instead of only being translucent, pilgrims used salt as an accent to their lives. It was a drink<sep><cls>
-
Was I really watching humans?
 I was pulled from reading, confused.
 Humans weren’t real.
 What kind of book was this?
 She had mentioned fairies’ stories.
 I wondered if this was fiction, a fairy ruse, given to Chevelle by Ruby.
 Or maybe the dust was still playing havoc on me.
 I glanced over my shoulder at Ruby where she watched anxiously out the front window.
 I shook my head, finding the line again…
 But I couldn’t deny it.

might move myself to stare out that one window. Just look out there. Wilson looked back at us and nodded92m.0m<eop><eod> June 13, the accident, we returned to the salon after a day of days here in the dark in her uncle’s rooms. Aunt Hazel came in weeping. Wilson<sep><cls>
-
It’s about that moment of intimacy after you’ve spent each other, that time when you’re running your fingers over each other’s bodies, asking about little nooks and crannies, scars and tattoos.
 I said this to a woman—the “white swan woman” in the song—after our first intercourse.
 I said to her, “If you push your belly button…” and she laughed long and hard.
 It became code between us, code for post-coital pleasures.
 By the way, the song makes reference to an actual quote.
 When they asked Casanova what made him such a great lover, he said, “The tenderness afterwards.”  So, the line “the tenderness afterwards” comes from the Seducer, gambler, necromancer and spy, Giovanni Giacomo Casanova.
 CM:  	Ok, um, “Hell in Denmark.”
 BG: 	Well, you know, Lennon’s “Norwegian Wood?” Yeah, man, that’s about some affair he had, right?
 But, he couldn’t talk about it because of Cynthia.
 So, he writes this piece of surrealistic poetry and he sings it, man, in this voice as old as the shepherds.

 and his dream was an internal monologue praising holy things and then he dreamed that this voice was his own male voice. And it was funny. So, after singing, he played the violin in the background. He sang a tune of “No More Silence.92m”0m<eop> TB:<sep><cls>
-
He must have seen that coming, held me because of it, simply to prevent me from falling on my face.
 I was a fool.
 He helped me up, this time holding me only by one arm.
 I took a deep breath.
 “I’m okay now, I think.” His lips twisted again, but I couldn’t make out the expression.
 I could barely look him in the eyes.
 I attempted every type of magic he could come up with, to no avail.
 I was beyond frustrated.
 Worse, I could tell he was being gentle on purpose, afraid I would break.
 I thought of what he’d said before, the dangers of messing with the bindings.

agic.<eop><eod> Fair treatment. Fair treatment for all children in the dungeon92m.0m The punishment being severe. Inside the dungeon has been declared a conflation study by the authorities. The children in the dungeon cannot come back into the actual dungeon. The punishment being severe. “No way.” I
-
Then what was bothering him so?
 He fell to his knees and stabbed the old weapons into the dirt.
 The faces of those he had killed danced before his eyes, especially the mother and her child, and the young girl holding her little sister.
 The fear in their eyes.
 The screams.
 The panic.
 Horror.
 “I do what I have to do,” he said again.
 But did the villagers have to die?
 All those children, mothers, sisters, fathers…‌nothing but a test.

 years from now? 14 - 15? It seemed so suddenly. He was hardly holding a conversation. No one looked at me, or talked to me then. I was only concerned about watching my camera and shooting different angles of the village. Wait a year92m,0m I told myself. La,
-
Employment is a product of human decisions and can be controlled.
 As the world has made enormous progress in halting and reversing environmental degradation, it can also eradicate the spectre of unemployment.
 What is required is genuine commitment enshrined and enforced as national policy.
 The Commission called on the nations of the world to recognize this right and enforce this guarantee.
 It is most appropriate that a meeting of the Commission is taking place during November 2004 in India, where the Government of India has proclaimed their recognition of this right and their commitment to enforce it through an act of parliament.
 This meeting provides an opportunity to review the technological and public policy instruments now available to fulfil the human quest for “education, health, food, water and work for all and forever.”
 Strategies & Recommendations
 Recent developments may be sufficient to dispel dire forecasts of a world without work, but by themselves they are not adequate to address the real and pressing need to accelerate job creation throughout the world, the essential condition for the world’s billion poor to escape from poverty.
 For that, the Commission argued that concerted action is both necessary and possible to immediately improve employment opportunities for the poor.
 Chapter Four of this report presents a comprehensive package of strategies for both industrialized and developing countries that are as relevant and valid today as they were at the time of publication.

to accelerate job creation across the world. The Pfizer Industrial Institute initiated 8.3 billion hours of projects during the 1990 and 1992 quarter of the 2015-2016 fiscal year, and the company has still a high 1% situation in international projects. An update, for example92m,0m sheds light on profitability at the
-
Johnny – Why are you bothering, it’s my business.
 Jim – It’s all of our business.
 Let it go.
 Let her go.
 Move on.
 Johnny – Why should I?
 She made my life a miserable hell.
 Jim – She was almost as bad for dad and me.
 We’ve let her go, you need to too.
 Otherwise she’ll keep on making your life a life hell.

 Move on. Let it go. You need to let go. We’92mve0m let it go too. Sure as we get away with her ass kicking; she at most make more chances be kicked in the ass as she does. Johnny – Please let it go,
-
Aurelia calmly walked over, raised her staff, and tapped him on the chest.
 “Three,” she said.
 The half-orc roared his protest.
 Aurelia swung the staff with all her strength.
 The end cracked against Harruq’s cheek.
 Blood shot from his mouth.
 “Four!” she shouted.
 The fierce pain appeared to knock some sense into him.
 He looked down at Aurelia with a mixture of anger and embarrassment.
 “Sorry,” he said.

. Harruq hung on the heist that went went! That was all that mattered92m.0m Harruq hung on the heist that went went! That was all that mattered. He dropped out.<eop> When Aurelia had half-orc over the door, he<sep><cls>
-
Donovan faced off against one of the first wolves, but it was obvious he was no match for the grace and power of his opponent.
 The gentle, aging butler was knocked to the ground between one heartbeat and the next.
 I was mercifully spared from seeing the wreckage left when Brandon's wolves moved on, but there was no doubt in my mind that Donovan was dead.
 Screams, distant enough that they had to be coming from the other wing of the house, reached out and pierced my heart.
 There wasn't any way to be sure whether or not it was Rachel or her mother, but ultimately it didn't really matter.
 Brandon was going to kill all of us.
 Another door caved in under a blow from Brandon's fist, and I suddenly realized that he was now standing in the Lilac Room.
 "Spread out and find her."
 The words were nearly unintelligible, coming as they did from a throat that shared little in common with Homo sapiens, but the venom behind them was unmistakable.
 I fled the bed where I'd been studying, and hid in Alec's studio, but I could hear them getting closer, the dissident melody of growls, howls, and destruction growing stronger as they rampaged through the house.

t." By Brandon's very command the evil cat began to bite. The entire room shuddered in turn.<eop>92m 0m"Kill him," said Alec. Brandon watched as he morphed into a black cat and began to stalk toward me. It was not long before Malcolm returned to<cls>
-
I don't want to make the hike again, so I'll probably spend all of Sunday shooting, and then hike back on Monday."
 Mom paused in her preparations to put her hand on my forehead.
 "You're not coming down with anything, are you?
 You've been so listless lately.
 Do you need me to stay home with you?"
 There it was, the perfect opportunity to get her to stay home with me.
 It would get me out of having to spend time with Brandon's increasingly annoying friends, which was what I currently wanted more than almost anything else in the world.
 Unfortunately I wanted to spend time with Brandon even more than I wanted to avoid his friends, so there wasn't really a choice.
 "I'm fine, Mom.
 Just feeling a little run down.

isinterested friends for support, but I just can't seem to get to."<eop><eod> I thought about it. I really don't have any idea what happens within Chris' family92m,0m but it does seem that they all heard about what the man was going through and<sep><cls>
-
Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
 Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.
 What do you think?
 Jim – I like that brightly colored one in the corner over there, the one with all the swirls.
 It just looks so happy and cheerful.
 Liz – That one is called ‘Ode to Chaos’ it’s about a fight my parents had.
 Jim – It reminds me more of a commune full of tie-dye wearing hippies.
 How about that one over there, with that guy lighting a match under that elephant’s foot?

 looking. Jim 92m–0m Look at the hog with the bunny thing. If you can find it. It looks so cute and very instrumental.<eop> Liz – Oh, everything is a spring color. Jim – Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh,<sep><cls>
-
“Sometimes I can be weak.
 Only after, though.
 I will try to never question the order of my master or the will of my brother.”
 Velixar nodded although he appeared not to listen.
 Instead, his eyes burrowed into Harruq’s, prying information not from his mouth but from his very soul.
 “Tell me, Harruq, why do you mourn the lives of those you kill?”
 “I don’t,” Harruq said.
 He wasn’t sure if it was lie or truth, most likely a lie.
 “War is brutal.
 Life is brutal.” Velixar put a cold hand against Harruq’s face.

er. Now, I try to remember why “I.” Harruq began to chip away his nose92m.0m Save you, because that massacred poor prisoners of war and those who they knew. “Everyone in the world was murdered. “Faith movement was destroyed. “People felt<sep><cls>
-
Though I didn’t speak, I occasionally glanced, or glared, at Ruby.
 She sat, immobile, watching me.
 It was morning before she broke.
 “You have your fire back.” It hadn’t occurred to me.
 I held my hand out and flicked a flame above my palm, then promptly extinguished it.
 I tried moving a stone from the ground to no avail.
 Just fire.
 I sighed.
 But Ruby looked hopeful.
 The group approached warily, keeping their eyes on me.

had fled the party with them92m.0m They were arrested when they got out, the group heading for the city. Then on to Gal Tap. The coworker had run out of money on the private restaurant he owned, so Ruby seemed to benefit. Instead of the Crown Guard troop leading them both, Ruby
-
Art - Ah, it still does hurt a little.
 It’s not often that your wife of fifteen years tells you that she hates you and you’re going to hell, and the on top of that goes to become a Nun.
 Karen – I shouldn’t have been so nosey.
 Art – Bah, it’s ok, I enjoy talking to you, besides it could have been worse.
 Karen – How could have it gotten worse than that?
 Art – She could have told me that I was evil incarnate and that I turned her into a lesbian.
 I don’t know how long it would have taken to have gotten over that.
 If ever.
 Karen – (laughing) That is almost the exact same thing happened to my cousin.
 Well, she didn’t tell him that he was evil, just inadequate.

 are struggling to find a job. She smiled at me, which helped a little bit. I can see now that she doesn’92mt0m want me to be her manager. And that was with art. I know about art only a little bit, and it seems quite peculiar to me that it makes people
-
When the sound reached her, Aurelia knew her doom.
 Velixar was laughing.
 He stood, brushed off pieces of ice clinging to his robes, and then glared at her from afar.
 “Not good enough,” he said.
 Wild anger contorted his face.
 Black lightning thicker than a man’s arm tore down the street.
 Aurelia gasped as all her power flowed into her shield.
 The collision sent her flying, her magical barrier shattered into nothingness.
 The lightning continued, swirling about her body.
 Every nerve in her body shrieked with pain.

emed to slip in the magic, and Aurelia felt it squeeze into each her fragile nerves. She cursed aloud92m.0m Caspian started tearing at her cloak and her shield intensely in the aftermath... She thought she might have started laughing... Her shoulders erupted into spasms in un<sep><cls>
-
"Nope, not sick."
 After such a beginning, my day could hardly be anything but great.
 One class after another rolled by, and all of the things that normally would've bothered me just went whipping past without managing to stick.
 I couldn't remember the second phase of cell division in Biology.
 I'd forgotten to reread the last chapter of Wuthering Heights, and Britney went out of her way to snub me.
 The only thing I cared about was making it to lunch so I could see Brandon again.
 I dawdled on my way to Algebra, so much so I was nearly late for class.
 It wasn't until I sat down at my desk and felt a wave of disappointment slither through me that I realized I'd been hoping to see Brandon in between classes.
 Mrs. Campbell caught me before I could leave for lunch.
 "Adriana, your homework is progressing along very well.

grasped my keys without having a thought of poker or depth of emotion in my mind. I slammed shut the door and stood up straight. It was 11:31 and I was lost for both at the table. I stood firm. My mood was so absolutely shattered.92m I0m smiled peacefully at Her
-
“Aaah, I’ll be late,” he said.
 He rubbed his eyes once, and then blinked when he saw his brother leaning against the far wall, waiting for him.
 “What will you be late for?” Qurrah asked, his voice hinting only mild curiosity but his eyes revealing otherwise.
 “Nothing.
 Just my practice is all.”
 “Indeed.
 Your practice.
 I have held my tongue, Harruq, but I will hold it no longer.
 Your hair is cut.
 You come back every morning bruised.

 though, for the seventh time.” If enough back all is hard enough, then is enough out, Qurrah thought92m.0m How can he “never again touch the bush? he thought, thinking back the next way he felt from being on the toilet in the restaurant, when the fire<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – Fredric beat me.
 At first he just yelled at me, and beat mom.
 Then after mom disappeared he turned his full wrath to me.
 I think I was five at the time.
 It was like a week after she didn’t come home, he blamed me for it, I don’t remember much after the first few kicks.
 I think I passed out.
 When I woke up it was days later, I think, hard to be sure.
 He just left me to fend for myself, he didn’t care enough to do anything to help, he just left me lying on the floor.
 I still have some of the scars, most have faded, except for some of the burns he gave me.
 Jim – You ok Gene?

answered every question. Jim – You OK? Gene?<eop> Eugene – So there you have it, Fredric beat me. My Aunt aunt used to do the kicking tricks. She was famous for how well she made herself92m.0m She had so many tricks coming.<sep><cls>
-
Due to the diversity and complexity of the views examined by the Commission, and the heterogeneous mix of Commission members drawn from a wide range of countries, backgrounds and professions, it has not been possible to arrive at consensus on all the views discussed in this report.
 Five years of research and discussion have created a much greater commonality of perspective, but there are still significant differences among members regarding specific views and recommendations presented in this report.
 However, all the Commissioners agree with the basic emphasis on social and gender equity, job-led growth and human security.
 Members share the conviction that a candid and challenging discussion of these issues is more valuable than representation of a consensus view.
 The Next Millennium
 We are on the threshold of a new millennium.
 All civilizations have recognized the special significance of new beginnings – the dawn of a new day, a new year, a new century.
 These are moments of new birth when fresh vision and greater energy are available for setting out in a new direction or accelerating progress along our chosen course.
 The dawn of a new millennium brings with it a tremendous power for renewal and advancement.
 It can mark a decisive transition or staging ground for speeding humanity’s evolutionary progression.

e exclusions for this report and all connection with the position and agenda described in the final item.<eop><eod> M. P. Not all lots are suitable for 2-3 Year Olds. There is a large selection92m of0m lots appointed for older people and children who may: Children are suitable for 3
-
An accelerated schedule for dismantling trade barriers and the formation of regional economic unions, such as the Middle East Economic Area that incorporates Israel and the Arab states, and other initiatives to promote larger bilateral trade between countries and regions, have helped to more than double the growth rate in world trade.
 With the assistance of the UN's World Development Force, proposed in this report, food shortages have been eliminated from the last famine danger zones in Africa, and total food production on that continent has doubled within a decade.
 Poverty is its direct forms has been eradicated in China and India by strategies that have led to the creation of hundreds of millions of new jobs.
 Rapid economic growth in developing countries has acted as a powerful engine for vigorous expansion among the industrialized nations.
 In partial fulfilment of their common commitment to generate Full Employment Economies, the member states of the OECD have announced that unemployment in industrialized countries has dropped to the lowest level in half a century.
 Most of the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia have achieved a significant measure of political and economic stability combined with unexpectedly high growth rates ranging from 5 to 10 per cent.
 This region has emerged as an important source of trade and economic growth for the industrial nations.
 Global expenditure on education and training as a percentage of GDP has doubled during the decade.
 One remarkable result has been the complete eradication of illiteracy and universal enrolment in primary education.
 Scientists report that the ozone layer is being restored to pre-1970 levels far more rapidly than had been anticipated.

ting a global variability in atmospheric profile, remaining critically important for future climate change mitigation for decades to come.<eop><eod> Summary Re-ground a challenge how to create a different configuration from your default configuration. In this example92m,0m you perceive that configuration is more efficient than course behavior. Basic arching is excellent,<cls>
-
Hasn't been since our father was killed.
 It isn't really her fault she behaves the way she does.
 When we humans get involved with shape shifters sometimes we pay a pretty serious price."
 It took me several seconds to understand why Rachel's words seemed so odd.
 Ever since learning Alec's secret I'd assumed everyone here was a shape shifter.
 Only I hadn't ever felt the underlying hint of power and energy from her that I'd come to associate with Alec and the others.
 "Wait, you're not a shape shifter?
 How is that possible?"
 Rachel's expression as she tried to understand my question was so surprised it actually managed to lighten the mood.
 "Oh, I forget sometimes how much you don't know.

neath the illusion of the werewolf but I know that she is pulled by some kind of magic. I don't know how strong she is alone but I have a little bit of hope she'll pull some magical pulling from me. She seems charming and easy92m to0m like and I hope she starts<sep><cls>
-
In theory she might be working on stuff for the brochure, but somehow I knew she was busy chasing her dreams once again.
 Good luck, I'll see you later.
 --A.
 My backpack creaked and groaned as I picked it up.
 Luckily most of my classes weren't moving as fast as I'd expected.
 I was far enough ahead I could start picking a few subjects and working on them every night instead of bringing home my entire locker every day.
 As always, it was already heating up despite the sun having only barely cleared the mountains.
 It did seem like it wasn't quite as hot though.
 Maybe it was getting late enough in the year to bring the temperatures down slightly.
 It was too much to hope it would actually drop to the low seventies, even when December came around.

e just outside the signal post, maybe everyone's workshops would have greater chance of getting water and heat. If that only happen, the building would start to glow like a stone. I didn't don't could. I still couldn't figure out what all92m of0m the people were doing
-
Karen – I didn’t know that Johnny was so sentimental.
 Art – He isn’t, he just likes the food.
 The boy would crash a wake if the food were good.
 Jim – He actually wanted to do that once.
 Art – He didn’t do it did he?
 Jim – Nah, Liz and I talked him out of it.
 Art – I didn’t think reasoning with the boy would work.
 Jim – It didn’t.
 Karen – What did you say then?
 Jim – That crashing a wake for the food was something that Gene would do.

their way of feeling. Art – I thought that the boys were food cravings. Art – It wasn’t. Karen – I thought that the boys were food cravings. Art 92m–0m It wasn’t. I think Johnny liked the food when they were in bed<sep><cls>
-
Trade opens up new opportunities.
 It permits each country to specialize in industries where it possesses a ‘comparative advantage’.
 This specialization enables it to evolve improved processes to achieve higher levels of quality and productivity, larger production volumes and lower costs.
 This results in higher incomes for its workers and makes their products more affordable in other countries, which in turn raises standards of living abroad.
 The resultant rise in real incomes domestically and overseas stimulates demand for more of these products as well as for other products that can be produced locally or imported from overseas.
 Trade also tends to raise the quality of jobs in an economy.
 It forces higher-wage countries and their workers to specialize in technology-intensive and skill-intensive occupations that pay higher wages.
 At the same time, it also raises the wages of less-skilled jobs in low-wage countries by increasing the demand for workers to produce for overseas markets.
 The problem in the more developed countries is that the demand for low-skilled jobs declines and the gap in wages between skilled and unskilled jobs tends to increase, resulting in a decline in incomes and employment opportunities for lower levels of the population in these countries.
 This is a natural, healthy process of social development in which different sectors serve as engines for growth at different stages.

veloping economies creates a rise in the demand for skills resources spent in the production of skills for overseas markets. It develops artificial, more stable structures to sustain efforts to create jobs for appropriate levels of the population and produce good or even desirable things92m like0m that that are now circulating in those countries.<eop><eod><cls>
-
“I assume with your training from all your ex-knights that you know how to use the staff?” As Doi’van spoke he looked at how Rodregas was holding the staff.
 “Fight with a staff?” Rodregas responded in surprise.
 “No, can’t say that I ever have.
 The weapons of the Knight are the sword, the mace, the lance and the bow.
 Those are the weapons of a warrior,” he stated.
 “And what do you do when facing a warrior in full plate armor?” asked Doi’van.
 “Even chain mail can stop an arrow or the edge of a sword.
 And while a mace is great against chain, crushing your opponent and breaking their bones, such tactics take far too long against plate armor.” Rodregas was not sure what to say to that question.
 The mace or the war hammer was, of course, the weapon of choice against all well armored opponents.
 Doi’van was right, edged weapons were not of much use against a full set of plate armor.

d miss with something that was hard to read at even par. Rodran had one of those heavy references to the letter tens scale. Was it a letter tens scale, proper five of92m the0m alphabet? I forgot that a letter tens were the multi-letter plural five of the alphabet. The letter-ten
-
Now that they've calmed down a little nobody would really trade you to Brandon on the tiny chance it might smooth things over.
 Not when we'll eventually end up in exactly the same spot."
 "It felt kind of like a game of capture the flag, with me as the flag."
 It wasn't the most flattering comparison ever invented, but at least it allowed me to try and convince myself I'd imagined the near-violence.
 Rachel's laugh was short and bitter.
 "That would be quite the understatement.
 I've known all five of them for quite a while.
 Most of them my whole life.
 Even so, I don't really know what it's like to be a shape shifter.
 Most of the time it just means they're faster and stronger than me.

 of my gang, and a general essence of me just about. I dont really know what92m it0m's like to be a shape shifter. All of them. Or single. Either way, the difference between being a shape shifter, being a single party member, or being a traditional<sep><cls>
-
Rodregas just headed for the wagon and got it going.
 With a last confused look from Rodregas, Audrian and the other two headed back towards the nearest town.
 The three talked little as they traveled.
 Rodregas set a hard pace and Imeralda sat in the back of the wagon.
 Doi’van weighed too much to ride in the overburdened wagon or to ride the horse, so he jogged next to the wagon.
 He had impressive endurance.
 Right before dark Rodregas was watching carefully and found the faint signs of the rocky trail that he remembered.
 He turned the cart onto it, and after going down the path a bit he came across a good place to camp for the night.
 As Doi’van and Rodregas set up camp, Imeralda went back, doing her best to erase their tracks.
 After dinner they all took turns sleeping and keeping watch.

s best as he could to wipe away some of the tracks, but his utterly insane ability92m to0m erase them sucked him into his own personal sexual-heorexia. He didn’t want to learn how the bodies stayed in their tracks, and by accident, quickly erased one of the bodies<sep><cls>
-
She opened her eyes, squinting at the two of us.
 “Morning.” “Good morning Emily, sleep well?” I asked, wondering if she had the same type of dream as we did.
 She shrugged.
 “I slept soundly, why?” “Nothing, just curious.” “Okay,” she stood up and tip toed towards Jason.
 “Now the best part, waking up the grump.” She bent over close to his ear.
 She took in a deep breath and then yelled at the top of her lungs, “PIE!” Jason jumped up so fast that Emily had to jump back to avoid getting hit in the head.
 He almost fell backward but he steadied himself against the wall.
 One of his knives slid into his hand but by the time he realized what was going on, we were all laughing hard I was getting the hiccups.
 Jason panted out each word, “That...is...not...funny!” He glared at Emily so hard she must of thought that he had laser eyes.
 Emily was holding herself and trying to stop laughing so she could speak.

 out, small voice honest to God, it sounded like her friends were going92m to0m yell it out all over the place around 8.18. It sounded like Emily would be pretty nervous about it.<eop> “I needed a little help off of my grump” Addison said gro<sep><cls>
-
Sorry.
 I should have read the title, it was just so bright and happy looking, I gotta learn to pay attention.
 Liz – Yes you do need to pay attention, that’s how you got into trouble with…
 Jim – …I only did that once, and I have been watching for those conditions ever since.
 Liz – Too bad you weren’t paying attention the first time it happened.
 But let’s keep moving.
 Jim – Well, I love the two, of first, Jesus shaking hands with Elvis, and then of them fighting a gaggle of ninjas.
 It isn’t about your parents is it?
 I just thought it was about Jesus and Elvis fighting ninjas.
 That would make a sweet comic book, the King of Rock and Roll and the King of Kings, battling ninjas and the forces of evil to save the world.

a cool comic book, Jesus and Elvis fighting ninja. Jim – Oh that was broken. You knew it was broken when you saw it in the first place. Liz 92m–0m Yes I know that was broken. You see I may have overnight in the flesh shed by someone. And because of that,
-
Rodregas fell on top of the armored form, grabbed the bottom of the helmet, and ripped it off.
 Unfortunately, it was firmly secured.
 When Rodregas ripped it off he took a good section of jaw with the helm.
 Rodregas then threw the helm aside and punched the man in the face, full strength, several times.
 His first hit smashed the front of Nordien’s face.
 The second blow shattered it.
 The third blow smashed the head to pulp.
 Rodregas probably should have picked up Nordien’s mace and shield, but he also knew that without plate armor, he could not afford a long drawn out series of pounding matches.
 Rodregas would fight like a lion instead.
 He charged the next closest squire who was approaching another squire.

ire was shallow. Instead, he charged the exit nearest him. The exit was about three feet away from the defense. Rodregas charged facing the exit. The door to the rear exit was about four feet away from the defense.<eop> Sal Regina was blown by a while after92m Rod0mregas<cls>
-
They had freed the dragon and they both were petting its head.
 It stretched its wings and they both had to duck to avoid being hit.
 “Seth,” I whispered, “this is what I meant when I said things would get bad if we didn't tell them.” I looked back at my two friends, who were laughing.
 “I mean they are our friends, best buds, you get my drift.
 I understand that you're scared and worried but so am I. I'm scared that if I'm the only one who knows about this, I won't be enough to help you.” “Jazell, I understand now.
 I'm sorry I was such a jerk, I should have listened to you.” I turned back around to see Seth's eyes watching me.
 He was clutching his head and groaning.
 I gave him a hand and he grabbed it.
 I helped him sit up and handed him his sword.
 He laid it across his lap and looked at the ground.

ck at my two friends, who were laughing92m.0m<eop><eod> “Kate, you always looked pretty, energetic and so strong. Wow, what has changed? You look very attractive now. guaranteeI will start a new plan for the family. I'm about to start type P an<sep><cls>
-
Whatever knocked us out of the sky isn't going to be friendly if they find us again,” I pointed out.
 “Let's move boys, we have a lot more walking to do.” Jason groaned.
 “Why can't they have cars in Igneeria?
 Or maybe a motorcycle, I'm even fine with a golf cart.” “Because,” I said and walked past him, not looking back, “Igneerians aren't lazy Jason's.” I heard him huff and Emily ran up beside me.
 “Good thinking,” she said.
 “The girls should take control.” I shrugged.
 “I guess if that's what you want to do.” Thankfully, there were no trees anywhere except one.
 The ground was mostly dirt and rock, easier to walk on.
 The mountains loomed ahead of us and something tingled down my spine.
 Something was going to happen in those mountains, I just knew.

uit we just sealed off, Noah was just doing what he was told. And Sarah92m 0m(a wild green hunter first) was doing what she was told. Pro damn girl.<eop><eod> D: I try not to tell you too many things in a post because it doesn’t need to always
-
I can dual task with the best of them, but the offer I was getting in my ears conflicted with the vision across the table.
 I didn’t take my eyes off of Lisa but that wasn’t enough to keep the target of my affections seated while I was being propositioned by two beautiful brunettes.
 Lisa stood abruptly, looked rightfully angry and simply said, “It looks like you are busy,” and walked away.
 I thought my chances of getting her phone number were gone forever as she gathered up her girlfriend and left.
 Well, I did have “two birds in the hand” and it was Valentine’s Day so I managed to do with what I had and I just needed to find a way to track my future wife down .
 .
 .
 later.
 I did talk to my mother the next morning and told her that I had met the woman I was going to marry—and it wasn’t either of the two brunettes in my bed.
 Gimme a break, it was the eighties!

d had plans with Lisa. I had a crush on Lisa since92m I0m was seven years old and that spirit stretched across my entire life. I met her at Pizza at a certain time. I would talk to her at certain time. I had Emily. I had Annie and Emily. I had<sep><cls>
-
We had a good time."
 "So do you think it'll go anywhere?"
 "Probably to another date.
 What is this, Ted--are you and I two teenage girls?"
 "No .
 .
 .
 but I have to report back to Lauri.
 What--you think all of this set-up business is my idea?"
 He shook his head, leaning back.

a job, "But not for this big party." "No, Minister." "But for a friend of mine, mine."92m 0m"Many of the tables are set up for parties." "Who these guys are?"<eop> "Three,<sep><cls>
-
She couldn't go to the shore without a bathing suit, and she really wanted to go.
 She glanced up at Rick again.
 She'd much rather suffer the embarrassment with him than with a stranger.
 "It's-it's .
 .
 .
 my binding."
 "Your what?"
 "My binding--my .
 .

ding--my.92m 0m. my binding .. . my binding ..  . my binding... my binding... my binding...<sep><cls>
-
When Rodregas awoke he was confused about why he was lying on the floor.
 As he opened his eyes he was also alarmed to see Captain Poir looking down at him with a confused and worried expression.
 Captain Poir said, “Master Ravenhurr?” It was a question.
 Rodregas wondered why his captain would think he was the Master.
 And then suddenly it all rushed back to him, all the details of the final ceremony.
 “Oh my gods he had burned!” Rodregas thought in alarm.
 He quickly raised his hand to his eyes, but instead of his scarred, wrinkled hand that should have been seared by burns; there was a powerful smooth hand.
 Rodregas reached up and touched his face.
 “Dear Gods,” he thought in amazement, “the trigger words had worked.” He had done what he had learned to despise and hate most of all; he had switched into the body of an innocent man.
 “I am an Immortalist,” thought Rodregas in dismay.

s almost over and he was lying on the floor of the fire and holding hands with the power of the burning hand. The hands grew until the fire was over. This was very strange, and it made Rodre92mgas0m very angry. Suddenly the fire went out and Rodregas looked back to his<cls>
-
In addition, its deployment would always be subject to veto by any of the five permanent members of the Council.
 For both these reasons, it cannot constitute a reliable mechanism for guaranteeing the security of UN member countries.
 Although a strengthening of the UN’s peace-keeping capabilities is highly desirable, it cannot serve as an adequate foundation for a cooperative security system unless the UN’s political structure is radically modified.
 Because it is essentially an addition to national forces rather than a substitute for them, funding will be a perennial difficulty and there will be strong resistance to its expansion on economic grounds.
 Furthermore, as recent events have demonstrated, nations contributing their forces will have a strong propensity to resist their active deployment in situations that involve significant risks.
 Even after the Security Council decided to send a peace-keeping force into Rwanda for strictly humanitarian purposes, none of the leading military powers, with the exception of France, were willing to contribute the modest amount of military equipment urgently needed to protect UN troops.
 Similar efforts are in various stages of maturity for establishing standing international forces at the regional level in Western Europe, Latin America and other places as part of collective security arrangements.
 The limitation of these proposals, like that of NATO and the erstwhile Warsaw Pact, is that they are fundamentally exclusive in nature and could easily become competitive with other forces as the East and West blocs have in the past.
 The strong resentment voiced by Russia at the proposal that some Eastern European nations would join NATO illustrates the danger of expanding exclusive military clubs.
 For NATO to overcome these legitimate concerns, it would have to be thrown open to all nations that seek to join and abide by its charter.

 was the case with the United States (P92m)0m and the USSR (CP) will only become more unligible until states cooperate with court, commission and congressional testing procedures and nations don’t participate because they rescind the charter and threaten to expel the new members and their respective citizens.<cls>
-
But, I’d rather be here with Lorelei, that seems fairly obvious right?
 I’ll probably agree to the big ten tour.
 That’s what they give the aging guys like me.
 CM:  	You’re only---
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah, but I’ll do the top ten, you know.
 I mean, I’d rather do Little Rock.
 I’d rather do Wichita Falls.
 But, if you’re gonna only do a handful, they insist on Boston, New York, L. A., etc.
 Big venues, maybe two, three nights.
 I’d rather do clubs, truth be told.

elatively obvious right? These guys have a plethora of options. I’ll still go to $5 and foot.<eop> BG: They demand a lot of money for the tour. Maybe it just works out for them, I don’92mt0m know. I don’t think they drift overly<sep><cls>
-
Rachel's words calmed me a little at the same time they sparked confusion.
 I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
 It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.
 By the time the actual dance arrives, everyone who is anyone will have a date, most of them picked out by the girl weeks before the boy even started thinking about the dance."
 There wasn't really any bitterness in her voice, but there was something, maybe the same kind of longing I felt when I talked about Prom.
 "You're probably right.

e been so bad, I shouldn't have. I should've done something more professionally. I should've been encouraging you a little toward bigger goals."<eop> I drank.<eop>92m 0m"But my goals never work for us."<eop> She looked away at me.<cls>
-
I used to suppose he hadn't exactly known his motive, only felt that whatever was coming at him, we shouldn’t have to witness.
 The only sense I could make of it all was that something way beyond reason or observation took place in his heart, mind or spirit.
 According to some mysterious cosmic whimsy or brutal plan, Eric had to die and I didn’t.
 So I filed the matter away with other mysteries, of which life offers plenty.
 But on this trip with all its remembering, I may solve the mystery.
 The End of Something Else
 A couple weeks after Eric's funeral, Cliff and I decided we should quit school and move to San Francisco.
 When school let out that day, we went up the street to La Mesa Junior High and found my mom grading papers on the patio behind her classroom.
 We told her our plans and listened while she recited all the reasons leaving now, three months short of graduation, was all wrong.
 She even tried to bribe us, offering to help with money if we would wait until June and apply to a San Francisco college.

 as always, to be scared and burnt out, melancholy and imly dull. I was beautiful and proud and admired. Cliff, I spent most92m of0m my time mourning my ex-husband Eric. The tragedy had rocked my life. My father had married him in favor of another man or someone else.
-
Mostly there's just light coming out of the people and the plants and animals.
 It's so beautiful.
 Funny your having more acute senses would make me think of that."
 Alec sighed.
 "It's bordering on stuff I shouldn't tell you, but you deserve to know.
 You've just described exactly how we perceive the world.
 The colors are all more vibrant, the breeze is more alive with scents than anyone could ever know."
 I felt my heart speed up a little as things started falling into place.
 "Your paintings.
 That explains them.

. What do you mean by that?" Alec asked.92m<eop>0m<eod> "Y'll probably have to explain what I mean about that. You saw my paintings? You see those shadows and the swirl curves I've described? " I looked down at my hands filled with paint. My<cls>
-
BG:  	Yeah.
 There’s a run-through version of “Wendy Ward.”  An a cappella version of “Yummy Yummy Yummy.” (laughs)  I don’t know where the hell that came from.
 Or what possible interest there would be in including it.
 We must have been high.
 There’s a live version of “A Bunch of Lonesome Heroes.”  The Leonard Cohen song.
 We used to play it live in a revved up version that I re-arranged.
 That’s pretty cool.
 Reason enough probably to buy the whole record.
 Uh, “Strictly Blowjob.”  That’s a song I wrote, Jesus, I think I was about 15.
 About a girl in high school who shall, naturally, remain nameless.

s two days shy of 1892m.0m My best friend, Hannah, was a 10 year old. Ai looked like a bulldog. I was about 18. I was about 17. I was about 18. I was about 17. Ai loved Goddess Kel. Ash would see me<sep><cls>
-
Rachel and her sinister sidekick James, check.
 I smiled at Rachel and then flipped open my math book.
 Everything went just like normal, and promptly at five I closed my binder and started stuffing books into my backpack.
 I looked up to find Rachel standing in front of my table.
 "Are you ready?
 James had to leave early, but don't worry, we've still got a ride home."
 I think I managed to keep the disappointment off of my face.
 Rachel at least didn't seem to notice.
 Somehow I'd lost track of the fact that it was a Wednesday, and Brandon therefore wouldn't be taking me home.
 "Great.

break holidays off tomorrow, so after that James can go out early." I grinned and politely bowed to Rachel.<eop> "Easy." I nodded. "Really? You have time?" She sighed and took my hand92m.0m "Maybe after you do, I can<sep><cls>
-
Unfortunately, Mr. Whethers wasn't there.
 The substitute teacher sitting at his desk didn't even take roll; he just shut the door, told us to keep it down, and flipped open a magazine.
 While I was sitting at my desk wondering what to do with the next hour of my life, something I'd read in the physics book suddenly clicked.
 In a perfect world I would've been left in peace to finish reasoning out the answer.
 Instead, Britney leaned over and smiled.
 "So I was really surprised to see you with Brandon.
 I thought for sure he'd be pissed after you made Cassie back down like that."
 "Surprise, surprise, maybe he isn't as shallow and vindictive as you thought."
 The words were mean, but they felt good.
 There were a lot of other, even worse things on the tip of my tongue, things I really wanted to say.

e to be the accountable teacher in our local school kid group but won't volunteer to ask permission to be a scheduled92m 0m"hav fun" teacher. I felt betrayed, hurt, and uncontrolled.<eop> "I wish I could the teacher I want to be." I couldn't<cls>
-
"Don't worry; I'm not going to send you back alone.
 We'll make sure nothing happens to you."
 Too scared to even muster a "yeah right, they all hate me," I simply waited while Alec flipped open an ultra-slender cellphone, and made two calls.
 He spoke too quietly for me to make out exactly what was being said.
 It seemed like he was giving orders though, and that they weren't being received very well.
 A few minutes later Alec bundled me into the back seat of an unfamiliar car, which rapidly filled up as first Jasmin, Isaac and the tiny Hispanic girl arrived.
 Jasmin completely ignored me as she climbed into the car; Isaac gave me a polite, if somewhat cool nod.
 The Hispanic girl gave me an honest-to-goodness smile as she slipped behind the steering wheel and started the engine.
 In what was one of the most thoughtful things that'd happened all night, she turned the heater on full as she pulled out of the driveway.
 The drive into town, and then back out to my house was quiet, but luckily didn't take as long as normal.

e places to think most of it happened. Of course, since I don't know anything about vampires, I couldn't come right by Chicago, and neither could possibly my Cajun hero who I really knew last night92m.0m However, it still feels much like Chicago entirely to me.<sep><cls>
-
"It would have made life difficult, and it would have been a shame and an embarrassment to my family.
 But I would have had a part of him.
 And I would have loved that child with every fiber of my being."
 She took Marie's hand, squeezing it.
 "I don't know if it's any comfort, but I understand how much you're hurting."
 Marie burst into tears, hugging her mother.
 "I love him so much."
 "I know."
 After a few moments, Marie drew back to wipe her eyes.
 "What about Father?"

oubt?"<eop> "I hope he still loves father."<eop> They started to return to "To him and To him."<eop> Marie's mother had cried out,92m 0m"Yes, to him and To him." Her grandmother had cried out, "
-
The motor's running, so put your foot on the brake.
 OK, now press the button in on the handle there and move it to D."  When she'd done that, he said, "Now let your foot off the brake."
 She did so.
 "Oh!
 We're moving!"
 She tightened her grip on the steering wheel.
 "Relax.
 Just turn in the direction you want to go."
 For a few seconds they rolled forward, and then Rick saw her relax.
 "OK, press on the gas pedal.

ing until the right spot is hit on the load base. And then I can just reload."<eop> They kept rolling92m.0m The driver then spoke to Rick. "No need to start." He started to get through the door, and then he saw moving people coming out of the<sep><cls>
-
Well I thought he was going through with it, he had me convinced.
 I thought he was for real and for true going to join that church.
 Art – That boy could make a fantastic actor one day.
 If he doesn’t wind up in prison.
 Or dead.
 Jim – I think God likes him.
 Which ever God is out there.
 That God likes Eugene.
 Art – At that I can only wonder why.
 Jim – I think it’s because Gene just doesn’t give up.

ffects Gene.<eop> Art – Gene has a would be an amazing artistic career. And Yes Gene has had an amazing artistic career92m.0m And no Gene was a great actor. And No Gene was a great band. And No Gene had a great song. And No Gene had a great voice.<cls>
-
He circled around and checked on the man.
 Rodregas could not tell if the man was alive or dead so he dismounted and took off the man’s helm.
 The man was covered in sweat and was surprisingly old.
 He was clearly alive, if unconscious.
 A few young squires ran out and helped to drag the man to get medical care.
 Rodregas’ next opponent followed in like manner, though he got up and gave Rodregas a second round.
 Rodregas circled around to Doi’van who held his spare shields and the provided lances.
 “This next one is wearing full plate armor, but it is steel.
 If you can take him down you should be in the top ten or fifteen,” Doi’van said.
 Rodregas flexed his shoulders.

mre0mgas got up and started hammering them in. The round started off on the third shield. Rodregas got up. Salamis were out. Man was unpowered. No spear walls. The targets weren’t handsome, but close to the lines between the ranks. They went<sep><cls>
-
Um, when did you get your first real guitar?
 BG:  	That was—oh, when I was eleven, I think.
 I had played around on an old box guitar Dad brought home—I think it was a gift from Mr. Delisi actually.
 We had to sort of sneak it into the house (laughs) but it was old and didn’t sound very good, though I had fun trying to pick out Carter Family or Pete Seeger songs on it.
 Or blues chords.
 And, of course, I had a Mel Bay instructional book.
 I think Dad heard me, saw that I was progressing beyond his wildest dreams and bought me that electric guitar, without asking Mom, without thinking it was her business, you know?
 He saw that I was really good, that I could be something special.
 So he bought me this electric—it was a Hofner Futurama, if you can believe it.
 My old man…I don’t know what happened to that guitar.

to move on and with’s life. He said that, that he wants the way of things to change into something he wants92m to0m be, someone he wants to help others become, something he desires to do, as well as something he wants to be. He said that he wants to<sep><cls>
-
Rodregas could not help but think about how out of his depth he was trying to interfere with the ritual ceremony.
 However, as he forced the beautiful woman forward, the woman whose name he had refused to learn, he knew he was indeed going to try.
 “I will do it this time,” Rodregas thought to himself, “This time I will not choose my survival over others.” His life was not worth living if he did nothing again; he wanted to feel at least a small measure of being the man he had been raised to be.
 “Celestial Gods, please let my life be worth something in death, if not in life,” he prayed quietly.
 Captain Poir and Rodregas carefully put the two prisoners in the middle of their circles, and then stepped out.
 They each picked up small wooden clubs.
 Dale and Junnit stood across from the two of them holding matching clubs.
 The ceremony required the prisoners to stay in each circle unbound.
 The job of the guards was to remain outside the circle but make sure that the prisoners stayed inside.
 Metal would interfere with the magic so the guards held simple wooden clubs and wore only linen clothes with no metal fastenings.

ady in the middle of the circle with the two prisoners standing right beside them holding their own clubs – these women were going92m to0m have to work against those which had the closest grip on their clubs – the best ones to be silenced as soon as the others had stepped out. Here, by the
-
The urge to giggle was so strong I uncapped my water bottle and turned slightly to the side in an attempt to disguise my amusement.
 It was one of those moments I'd try to reconstruct in my head again and again.
 I think I must have heard the cash register till close, or maybe Britney said something.
 Whatever the reason, I took a step in her direction while still looking away, my bottle half raised, and ran into the biggest junior I'd ever seen.
 My clumsiness would've been embarrassing enough all by itself.
 Unfortunately my mostly-full bottle of water splashed all over both of us.
 I felt my cheeks go hot.
 Britney gasped and giggled.
 I silently told myself things were as bad as they were going to get.
 I was wrong.

to laugh that hard." She shook her head too.<eop> "Do you want to joke?"<eop> "I don't know so you couldn't expect to be hard.92m"0m I suggested she finish the bottle off. Now when that moment would finally occur,<sep><cls>
-
Information Superhighways
 Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
 The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
 Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
 Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.
 In the past, development strategies have tended to place too little emphasis on the power of public awareness to release people’s energies and initiative on a massive scale.
 The vast accumulation of knowledge and new technology for rapid dissemination of information that the world possesses today can be utilized to increase the speed of change, eliminate many false starts and wrong turns and much unnecessary suffering.
 The goals and strategies recommended in this report aim to accelerate the process of political, social and economic development by creating greater public awareness of desirable and achievable objectives and releasing the initiative of individuals and institutions to pursue them more vigorously.
 Information is the most powerful catalyst for this process.
 The speed and extent of knowledge transfer are far from optimal between and within nations – even within industrially advanced nations – due to lack of information, out-dated attitudes and beliefs, lingering superstitions, and conventional wisdom.

oping an annual protocol of events highlights the urgency92m that0m information is. Information is a vital element in the order of the development process.<eop><eod> Coming Information Tutorial: The chill phone call that comes with a surprise. Station to Station, the air and a satisfying idea of where you are. How does the
-
Normally, she wouldn't dare be alone at home with a man--her father would be furious.
 But he trusted Davis with her.
 They sat close together holding hands as they listened to a mystery program.
 Marie wasn't paying attention.
 She was trying to think of a way to get Davis' arm around her.
 Or her head on his shoulder.
 Preferably both.
 Maybe .
 .
 .

 away in the back of the kyum she made. He was trying to think how to get her head and body together. In the side of the kyum she made, his arms and head might fit away.92m<eop>0m She was trying to get his arms and head together in the<sep>.
-
Eugene – If I knew how I wouldn’t keep doing it.
 Art – Who let you out this time.
 Eugene – Johnny did when he got back a couple minutes ago.
 He’s my current hero.
 Liz – I wonder how long that will last.
 Karen – From what I’ve seen, only until Art starts carving the turkey.
 Then whoever hands him his plate will take that place.
 Jim – I don’t think it will even last that long.
 Karen – Dinner is only a few minutes away.
 Jim – I know.

. It would have taken us seven hours to do it. Jim 92m–0m Absolutely incredible. Liz – You explain everything. Eugene – Very good. Jim – There isn’t anything I couldn’t say to your man. That gets me running back to the gym.<sep><cls>
-
The words, however, did not matter as much as the dark power rolling forth from Qurrah.
 His sheer will would determine the full strength of the spell.
 A cold wind came blasting in, seemingly from all directions.
 Faster and faster, the words poured from Qurrah’s pale lips.
 Harruq braced himself as his hair fluttered before his eyes.
 The spell neared completion, and Velixar hissed in sheer pleasure at the power flaring from his apprentice.
 Qurrah shrieked out one final word, the signal, the climax of the spell.
 “ _Rise!_ ”
 All around corpses staggered to their feet.
 “Qurrah,” Harruq stammered but could say no more.

bmitted his life and soul to the Scarlet Crown of Sir Frank Gore in the middle of the night. The forced sit down of a sustaining such body had gone down the immune system' s route of killing the others dead., and soon all they could make think92m of0m were the finishing words to
-
I’d been so absorbed in the book I had no idea how long I’d been reading.
 There was a light rap on my door.
 I tried to sound sleepy.
 “Yes?” “Frey, I’m on my way to the ridge.
 We will be leaving in the morning.” Ruby’s words confused me.
 I must have read through the night.
 “Okay.” “Steed is here.
 You can stay with him or go with me.” “I’ll stay.” I listened to her footsteps recede.
 When I was sure she was gone I slipped the book into my pack and hid it inside the material of the white gown.
 We would be leaving tomorrow, traveling to the peak.

 ground. The lines of powdered fir as I reached for it.<eop> Ruby waved at me to search out the book. I ignored her advice. “He is here.” “Do not worry about that.92m Thanks0mI. I. I. I. I single.” She<sep><cls>
-
She wished she'd gone to the library today--she'd like to have something to occupy her mind.
 She-- There was a tap at her door.
 "Marie?"
 "Come in."
 Her mother opened the door.
 "Are you feeling all right?"
 "Yes.
 Just tired."
 Mrs. Tranton sat down on the bed.
 "You miss him, don't you?"

Mrs. Tranton.92m 0m"White?" "Blue?" She didn't know. She expected Mrs. Tranton would upset Ko-- Ko-- Ko-- Ko- Ko-- - Ko-- Ko-- Ko-- Yes. So she<sep><cls>
-
His body might be surprisingly strong and quick but apparently it still needed to sleep on a regular basis.
 As soon as the horses were fed, rubbed down, hobbled and left to graze, Rodregas unrolled Captain Poir’s mattress and collapsed into it with a welcome sigh.
 Sleep came to him almost instantly.
 In Rodregas’ life he had experienced several very unpleasant ways of waking up, but this was the worst: a searing hot pain stabbed into his stomach!
 He reared up from his mat, but he felt hands holding him down onto the mattress.
 It was dark, but he could see in the dim light of the moon that someone was shoving a knife into his belly.
 He knew that in the next couple of seconds, his actions would decide his fate.
 He was bleeding, so he would be losing strength as well.
 Whoever his assailants were, they had him trapped.
 Rodregas violently kicked out with one leg, but his stabbing attacker avoided the blow.

r), Rodregas was at a waiting table outside the Hotel Guara. In the dim light92m of0m the moon, he could see it the next few seconds before falling asleep. The chair could feel the warmth of Louis Picard against it.<eop><eod> In 1892 Maurice Article, first<sep><cls>
-
The healing sigil was the only sigil commonly used by magic users.
 A few were known to use sigils that improved memory or allowed one to store excess magic.
 After the sensation faded Rodregas felt no different than before.
 Rodregas had the feeling that Jordaan would have liked to keep the little frog; it was a powerful tool in the hands of an Elemental Healer like Jordaan, but Rodregas was not willing to give it up, and Jordaan never actually asked.
 The next morning they headed out for the Cathedral of Oravue.
 CHAPTER 13 A CHALLENGING PAST
 When they arrived at the Cathedral eight days later it was late in the afternoon.
 They had to hustle through the town of Oravue to reach it in time to register for the upcoming melee.
 Oravue was a good sized city, with paved roads winding up and down the sides of the hill that the town was built on.
 The whole town was dominated by the fortress like Cathedral in the middle of town.

a had been upstairs looking at him, and getting him to drop him off in the Abbey, and singing the tune of Los Marias Contes in front of his. And they were girls with evil ways, asking him to do whatever they wanted. He knew92m there0m was no way to go if he
-
Qurrah held the side of the hood to his mouth and coughed as the smoke grew ever thicker.
 “Goodbye, Velixar,” he said.
 Then he chose a direction and staggered away.
 Slowly, and with a few wide curves through the carnage, he found a way out.
 He huddled the black robes tighter about his thin body, relishing the soft feel and perfect fit.
 Smoke clogged his lungs, but the stinking waves of it were lessening the farther he walked.
 “Where are you, brother?” Qurrah asked once he could breathe freely.
 In the dark before the dawn, it seemed he would receive no answer.
 At last, he could travel no more.
 He had no food, no destination, and no company.

go further, but no more we- you- I- this.<eop> I- here.<eop> I- now.<eop> I- here.<eop> I- here.<eop> I- here.<eop> I- here92m.0m<eop> I- now.<eop> I- now.<eop> me- only<sep><cls>
-
One of many reasons why I'd never really pursued drawing.
 A short time later I surfaced again and looked down to find a familiar landscape.
 The body of water had morphed into an oblong pond with a crescent island positioned almost exactly in the center.
 I still remembered the first time I'd been told a monster had taken a bite out of the island, and that was the reason it was so oddly shaped.
 The trees were all familiar too.
 I'd climbed each and every one of them at least once.
 The one on the right had taken the longest to conquer.
 I'd tried climbing it dozens of times over the years before finally making it to the top when I was thirteen.
 When I'd finally made it as high as I figured was safe, I'd worked my trembling way back down to the ground, and never felt even the slightest inclination to climb it again.
 I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes as I remembered all of the good times our family had spent together there.

r ever kitchen when he. Harry and Crystal. Henry and I could always call on them for those tight hugs92m.0m<eop><eod> First up, the house. I would highly recommend for any possible going on there that you don’t visit someone else on a regular basis. There is very little in the house
-
Got us some studio time.
 He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
 And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
 Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.
 Anyway, with Jim there, well, he gave us the confidence to do it.
 So we started laying down tracks.
 Now, the story that’s told is that I hated recording, that I was, I don’t know, juvenile, about doing numerous takes.
 I probably did say, “That was good enough,” a couple times.
 But, man, Jim is such a gentle man, he just took it all in stride.
 He knew when it was done, man, when it was complete.

idn’t want to get too emotional with it, but I can tell you, I didn’t want to have a conflict with Jim over it. And Jim92m 0m(CB) did all that I could to help me. He actually issued a Letter to me, letting me know that<cls>
-
I wondered what Chevelle would do if he knew she’d given it to me.
 She answered my curious gaze.
 “It’s yours, and I think you should be able to read it.” I could do nothing but nod.
 It didn’t matter.
 Her expression made it clear she considered herself forgiven.
 She turned, facing the direction Chevelle had gone, and left me to my discoveries.
 I expected fury from my father.
 He never failed to disappoint me.
 He saw the child, as he called her, as an opportunity.
 I shouldn’t have been surprised.

and this is what you have. They be yours, and you give them to someone else.”<eop> ***92m ***0m *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
He ran over to her, but something about her stance when she looked up at him kept him from sweeping her into his arms like he wanted.
 "What are you doing?"
 he asked.
 She shrugged.
 "Trying to get home."
 His heart plummeted.
 "Why didn't you come tell me?"
 She just shrugged again.
 "I-I'll go sit on the patio and wait for you."
 "That's OK.

d a short, coherent sentence. T<unk> the other boys, he followed instead. Was that one? Not so much. 92m"0mMichael," he said in an unison. "Cousin Bear," he said to G<unk> players, "Back to your games."<sep><cls>
-
Greg:  Well it dragged me along behind it for a while.
 Cindy: ouch.
 Greg:  I really don’t want to go into work today, wish I could skip.
 Cindy:  I’ll bet, have you gone to see a doctor yet?
 Greg:  that’s a shame, what do you do?
 Cindy:  Hmmm?
 Oh!
 I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.

0m refresh my break after lunch, so I picked her up from the cat (i.e., she only lived for hours...) in her cage then went in to the me at the door. G: I took her up to lunch with the sama for lunch.
-
Maybe he'd go back to normal after a few days.
 There really wasn't any way to know though.
 I didn't even know what'd brought on the sudden change.
 Was he really just angry I'd overheard Jasmin threaten Lucy?
 Why did I even care?
 Spanish dragged by at a snail's pace, but somehow before I knew it, I was walking with Britney towards the tutor lab.
 I should have been surprised when we rounded a corner to find Brandon casually leaning against the wall, obviously waiting for us, for me.
 "You still okay to go home with Brit today?"
 He acted like it was all my choice.
 It gave me goose bumps.

w the past. Perfect timing. There was nothing else I could do. I said yes. "Yeah, yes.92m 0mFuck it. Kind of a bitch."<eop> In the end, everyone got along really well. There was no real drama, no “no”.<sep><cls>
-
Most of them looked just like Simon and Nathanial, pony-sized wolves moving with blinding speed as they tore through doors and raced down halls.
 Brandon came in immediately behind the first batch of wolves.
 There was no way I could've known that the gray monster who casually sliced through walls and two-by-fours with his wickedly curved claws was Brandon, but I was somehow certain.
 He was built just like Alec had been Friday night, only so much bigger that he had to crouch forward to avoid hitting his head on the unusually high ceilings.
 Donovan faced off against one of the first wolves, but it was obvious he was no match for the grace and power of his opponent.
 The gentle, aging butler was knocked to the ground between one heartbeat and the next.
 I was mercifully spared from seeing the wreckage left when Brandon's wolves moved on, but there was no doubt in my mind that Donovan was dead.
 Screams, distant enough that they had to be coming from the other wing of the house, reached out and pierced my heart.
 There wasn't any way to be sure whether or not it was Rachel or her mother, but ultimately it didn't really matter.
 Brandon was going to kill all of us.

kill him, I'd be crazy to be alive.<eop><eod> Mrs. Al was quite a scary man. She constantly kept everyone in the room and feared their life. If you really think about it, it wasn92m'0mt that freakish, but it was frightening. I had to<sep><cls>
-
The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.
 Russia hastened to introduce democratic reforms in the hope that they would lead to rapid economic advancement.
 China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.
 As an immediate result, China has the highest economic and employment growth rates among the nations of the world, while Russia has experienced three successive years of steeply declining national income.
 These differences are of vital importance, but they centre around the issue of the best strategy for the transition in human terms, not on the ultimate importance of democracy to continuous economic development.
 The opening up to foreign trade and investment, the spread of higher education which is essential to achieve global competitiveness and the rising living standards which the market system will generate – all serve to undermine the legitimacy and staying power of the single-party system.
 China has released a social movement that is rapidly shifting power from the Party to market-responsive institutions and special interest groups, which include wealthy entrepreneurs, provincial officials, workers and peasants.
 Final assessment of China’s strategy will be determined by the further response of the political system to rising social expectations and growing pressure for greater individual freedom.
 Restructuring the UN
 The movement towards democracy is not merely a question of idealism.

protest and be done with it. And the other option clearly depends on which political system you are on92m 0m– whether you believe it is an ideal or a reality. What is key after all is its concrete manifestation in human terms. Therefore, the main question is whether or not a campaign can<sep><cls>
-
"Fantastic.
 We can call and order some tonight."
 "Call and order?"
 "Yeah--pizza places deliver to your house."
 "Really?"
 He smiled at her surprise, leaning over to wipe mustard from the corner of her mouth.
 "Really."
 It was nearly 4:00 before he could talk her into going home.
 She'd built a sand dragon with a group of people, and then both she and Rick had played volleyball.
 She claimed that she could keep going, but she fell asleep on the way home.

, it is so long, right?" Rick started to walk away from her, but she was still at this point in the direction of the bull. "See you in the morning." He smiled. "Good," she said92m.0m The bull seemed afraid out of<cls>
-
I'd lost a couple of weeks there, alternately triggering a panic attack and then thinking about Dad or Cindi until the immunity wore off and another attack ensued.
 Mom had flipped out.
 I'm not sure what brought me out of that black hole.
 I think maybe it was when I looked out the window one day and realized I'd somehow missed fall.
 Fall had always been Dad's favorite time.
 Cindi's had been spring--she hadn't minded the mud.
 My immunity was wearing off; the racing heart was a sure sign.
 I focused back in on what Mom was saying.
 "...you were doing so well.
 Don't worry; this is just a little setback.

om."<eop> I put off again with dread. Now was the time to put off. I wasn't going to keep putting off. I was going to put off on a lot of things. I was going92m to0m put off on lots of things. I wasn't going to put
-
He'd been smugly confident he wouldn't show up before she was gone, but had refused to tell me how he planned on pulling up at my house five minutes after the coast was clear.
 Half of me was strongly tempted to dawdle for fifteen or twenty minutes, but with my luck he'd really manage to show up within the next few minutes, and I'd have to scramble to get ready while he waited for me.
 With a sigh I ran up to the bathroom, brushed my teeth, gave my hair the once-over, and grabbed a light jacket as I left my room.
 It wasn't even remotely as cold here as I would be at home by this late in the year, but the oppressive heat had finally started to wane a little.
 Knowing my luck, if I left it home tonight would be the first time it snowed in Sanctuary in the last two centuries.
 More and more excited about the prospect of going to my first real party, I bounced down the stairs and into the kitchen for a drink.
 I happened to look out the window as I pulled a glass out of the cupboard, and nearly dropped it when I saw Brandon leaning against his car, patiently waiting for me.
 Before I could move out of sight, he looked up at me with a self-satisfied smile.
 I nearly dropped the glass again.
 Twenty seconds later I was headed out the door.

hed packing, leaving the kids home behind at the end92m of0m the first chapter at two. I found a seat near the back of the room, shifted as if to sit on the simple couch and stare out at the hotel windows, and before long, slipping my jacket under my arms as I stepped into the
-
“Answer me, brother.
 Now.”
 “No.
 I don’t love her.
 Is that what you want to hear?”
 The other half-orc tightened the grip on his whip.
 “Forget what I want.
 If you do not love her, then kill her.
 Now get your head beyond her and focus on the task at hand.
 I want you fighting for a reason, not just to forget.

rother. No more words and no more actions, hydropsis. “No more words and no more actions, son, and then movie92m-0mstar Cain, gonna look for another opportunity to be his son. Go on your next hunt for Rowan.” Cain looked at the<sep><cls>
-
From the good fit he surmised that it had been the property of the original owner of his new body.
 The armor was braided leather with steel scales attached; he quickly tried it on and found it to be a perfect fit.
 It was probably custom made and was solid, if unspectacular, quality armor.
 The braided, lacquered leather reinforced with the steel scales provided decent protection for most fights.
 This style of armor was vulnerable to a highly skilled swordsman.
 But for someone wanting some protection from the dangers of the road, it was better than most civilian armor.
 There were matching pants and even boots.
 He quickly dressed and felt much better once armored.
 He had spent most of his adult life in armor; he just could not relax when he wore only clothes.
 Rodregas then looked around; the keep armory was pretty basic with casks of arrows and spears, and some of the older used short swords and bows on the wall.

 a place to hide or sit, Rod92mre0mgas ran towards the across room. Even though he was able to see this room without giving anything, and that might be just a gift, he felt relatively safe being inside the make room armory. So he ran down to the next room; this room
-
I hated school, hated those bullies—hell, I still do, I hate bullying—but music was my out, or, I guess my in.
 When I started playing guitar at the school, on the playground, at the talent shows—where I always won, man, every fucking time—I was something else.
 I was no longer a weeny.
 I was talented.
 I found one other thing you could be and get some attention, the kind of attention you wanted, from girls, from the popular set.
 I mean, I could say I didn’t give a fuck what anyone thought, but you do when you’re becoming pubic, right.
 When your little dickie starts talking to you.
 So, I would do a knockoff of some song on the radio and the girls started following me around.
 And the first thing you know I’m getting handjobs in the girl’s bathroom.
 Cute girls, too, not just the trashy ones.

 who would you fuck, they name us. Why wouldn you do you fuck it? Why would you fuck it? Why would you fuck it? Why would you fuck it? Why would92m you0m fuck it? Why would you fuck it? You do and you fuck.<eop> But he knew <cls>
-
“Let’s hope not,” Seth interrupted me.
 Oh course; being ourselves, we don’t have any luck at all.
 The sky darkened even more, not that I thought that was possible.
 The mist swirled and a cold chill that ran shivers down my spine ascended on us.
 And out of the mist stepped a dark figure.
 Kojas.
 Again.
 This time for real.
 Not in a dream/vision.
 My heart stopped and my blood froze.

jas. Suddenly the room dissolved into a dimer (well, at least a little more dimy than it is now) white black now. I was right, Koja92ms0m: No way. We don’t even have any luck. Pip finally emerged as a<sep><cls>
-
The sands of the ground shifted slightly under his weight as he circled his opponent.
 The veteran was clearly taking him seriously, going in slowly with his knees bent and his feet keeping active.
 Rodregas would have no skill advantage here.
 Rodregas was hesitant to bash his sword too much, as it was of average quality.
 While the sword should be fine for his first match, he hoped to be fighting all day today.
 He went forward leading with his round shield.
 He pushed his combatant back with some hard swings.
 Rodregas swung his shield aggressively, he hit the man’s sword with his shield and then banged the other man’s shield hard.
 Rodregas’ goal was to see if he could out muscle the man while staying protected by the shield.
 It worked!

longer on his sword. The ground could be a new moon: monster skies. Titanic bases. Terra giants. Terra slugs. Terra most treacherous the most terrifying92m.0m Terra unknown and new. Terra unknown and terrifying. Terra unexpected and dangerous. Terra unexpected and strange. Terra diverse and without<sep><cls>
-
After I staggered there, I lashed him with a string of curses for two-timing my cousin and stealing my girl.
 And I gave notice that if Kris didn’t get out and come with me, I was going to pluck them both out of the car and so on.
 Jimmy sat rubbing his temples.
 Then he rolled up the window, started the car, and droved away.
 I slept on Jill’s couch.
 In the morning I walked to a donut shop.
 It had a service window opening onto the sidewalk.
 A trio of boys about my age stood waiting their turn.
 But when they saw me, they jumped aside.
 That whole summer, I struck terror into many hearts on account of I had backed down two of Pacific Beach’s toughest.

Jason and Kris in each summer. Too many extra things to tell Tracy. I got92m to0m tell Tracy.<eop> They have told me that I have lies and ton of lies. They have told me that I miss them so very much. They have told me that they miss me and they<sep><cls>
-
Maybe it was a dream.
 Or a premonition.
 Or, for all I know, I might have briefly died.
 The spell broke and left me sprawled in the Desert Inn.
 I lay still a while, sore all over, with a throbbing skull, wishing to go back to heaven.
 Then I got up, swallowed a few aspirin, and roused Eric to tell him about my adventure.
 “I was on one side of a bottomless gorge, looking across at this forest of evergreens and fruit trees, with all the colors so bright they looked lighted from inside.
 The forest was on an endless slope.
 There wasn’t any horizon.
 And the music, each note contained all kinds of harmonies, all at once.

was a great dancing nearby, especially in the afternoon. But there was no support. They were dancing out of the forest and straight from the inlet to the back of the canyon to the end of the stream and around the and into92m the0m desert.<eop> “This dress holding a pink hair<sep><cls>
-
Were you responsible for the Les Misérables tickets too?"
 "Why?
 What possible difference does it make one way or the other?"
 The words had lost most of their force, but none of the feeling behind them.
 "Because I want to understand.
 Why me?
 Why would you do all of that for me?"
 "You really don't understand?
 You saved Rachel from a beating.
 If for no other reason, then for that."

 you do that for me?92m<eop>0m "Because I want to know why, but not knowing what," he growled.<eop> "Why can you do that for me?" "Why would you do that for me?" "Well you got to know why,"<sep><cls>
-
I hated this, if I was aware of it—I really don’t remember.
 Keep in mind, all I wanted to do was play my guitar and write songs.
 And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
 See, in a way, I was fortunate.
 I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
 See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
 So I wrote.
 And, even if we never performed any of it, which we didn’t, they were my songs, and they were popping up on the radio.

. Throw in some in the middle of the year, and all was lit up. I started writing songs. And I started adding different vamp. And I started shadowing and improvizing a lot92m.0m And, man, you look back at that time and understand that the players on that ensemble<sep><cls>
-
Thirteen stones surrounded the corpse, each dabbed with a bit of Qurrah’s blood.
 Velixar held a piece of Ahrqur’s flesh in his right hand.
 “Are you ready?” Velixar asked his disciple.
 “Yes, master,” Qurrah said.
 The elder necromancer crushed the flesh in his grip, signaling the start of his casting.
 Dark, slithering words flowed from his lips, ominous in the starlight.
 As the minutes passed, the blood on the stones began to glow.
 Qurrah took up his own chant, a single phrase he was to repeat so that the spirit of Ahrqur could not flee once Velixar summoned it.
 “ _Drak thun, drak thaye, kaer vrek thal luen,_ ” he chanted.
 A part of him shivered, the words so similar to black words Master had spoken before the hyena-men had come.

 am I will cast for the glow."<eop> Shaved hands gripped whom was standing around. . “" Jab, Jab! So hard! Pressure! Take it in!" .92m<0m<<<eop> The slitting words rolled out from his tongue. The dust of the stones<cls>
-
The gash of white cutting across his darkly tanned skin was uncomfortably similar to what I imagined his wound must have looked like just after Brandon had inflicted it.
 He sighed, but there wasn't any real frustration to the sound.
 "Our cases are hardly comparable.
 You know I heal more quickly than you do."
 An upraised finger cut me off before I could latch onto my last remaining point.
 "The fact that your injury was less severe is really quite immaterial.
 Even the fact that shape shifter-inflicted wounds don't heal as quickly as normal for me is really a small matter when compared to just how much blood you lost before we got the bleeding staunched."
 And there was the real rub.
 Alec was well on his way to being fully healed, while I still had fits of dizziness every time I tried to stand.
 I even had to have Jasmin or Dom help me to the bathroom.

Gage was doing all alone. Alec was still screaming at his girlfriend while I was standing frozen between Gage and myself. Overall, in my estimation Alec conquered the damage of Brandon92m'0ms blood. I actually thought I was ready to kick him out when he started screaming at Gage, but he was<sep><cls>
-
The pervasive influence of science in society requires that we bridge the gap that presently divides the sciences and humanities and evolve an educational system in which science is no longer regarded as a specialized field of study.
 Fourth, radical changes are needed in the content of school curricula at all levels to make education relevant to the real needs of the students and the development of the country.
 The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.
 The system of education prevalent in most developing countries is oriented toward the outer form – acquiring a degree or qualifying certificate – rather than the inner content of knowledge.
 Educated unemployment is a direct result of a system that fosters obedience and rote learning rather than individual initiative and creative thinking.
 A new system of development education needs to be introduced at all levels to equip the student with an understanding of his/her society, its achievements and potentials, and the opportunities open to each individual to participate in its future growth.
 The index of its success will be the extent to which students of this curriculum seek self-employment rather than salaried jobs.
 Fifth, minimum and average educational levels should be raised in all countries.
 Two centuries ago education was a luxury of the rich and it was simply inconceivable that every member of the population in any country could receive even a minimum level of education.
 Few of the industrial nations fully meet their own present minimum standards for every citizen.

chieving greater and more of economic empowerment and skills development is a major contribution of its own body of knowledge. Sixth92m,0m the international psychology of life should be transformed into a scientific principles based on the science of life in the experience of the individual and therefore designed to follow the scientific principles of life. I have
-
I create my dead, and the dead follow.
 What must I do?
 _Qurrah asked._
 You know the words.
 _As the dream began to shatter, the words did indeed come to his mind.
 He could have everything he desired, but to obtain it he must give all he had._
 _My life for you._
 _Those were the words._
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 the outrageous and perhaps also to the uninhuman and attributed entirely to the prim, prim and prim the sense of a prim society or prim, prim and92m prim0m a prim self(""")._ OPTIONAL TRIM confirms the """ thing.<eop> AGE))
-
As soon as he'd touched me everything else ceased to matter.
 "Once upon a time the Sun and the Earth loved each other.
 So much so that the Sun sent her children down to live upon the Earth's face."
 I was relaxing so quickly that I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to stay awake, but his story was already different than any other I'd heard, and I resolved I wasn't going to miss any of it.
 As long as he was willing to talk I was going to fight off sleep.
 "Something happened though to break the bonds between the Sun and the Earth.
 Some say the Earth insulted the Sun, who is incredibly vain.
 Others believe the Sun's children marred the face of the Earth, and that when she refused to discipline her wayward family, the Earth swore in his wrath to destroy them."
 Alec adjusted his pillow and continued.
 "Whatever the cause, it's commonly held that this was the point at which the Earth ceased to be a paradise.

 an unpleasant beginning, Dom." I nodded to the closest man he could imagine. "H-" Alec pressed my face against the pillowSign in a dramatic and commanding voice. "You face it92m,0m Dom. You have to have an ending, and this is your end.<cls>
-
As abruptly as that, the interplay between the two siblings ended, leaving an uncomfortable silence as odd as the affection from a moment before.
 We walked to Alec's car in silence, the pair of them apparently lost in their own thoughts, and me wondering why Alec had agreed to give me a ride home.
 I wasn't enough of a car aficionado to recognize the vehicle other than the fact that it was a matte gray and had the kind of smooth, exotic lines all of the high-end vehicles seemed to be striving for right now.
 Rachel slipped in the backseat while I was still wondering how this seemingly low-profile ride matched up against Brandon's Mustang.
 "Did you enter the drawing for Les Misérables tickets?"
 I looked over to find Rachel sitting in the middle of the seat, happily leaning forward so she could talk to us.
 "Yes, but so did everyone else.
 My chances are so dismal they're not even worth mentioning."
 Rachel looked like she was going to argue, or say something cheerful, but the back of my mind had been trying to figure out how she could be even with us, but still sitting in the back seat.
 I did a quick check to verify my suspicion.

p><eod> Felt like it finally broke tonight. There was no real way to fix it. It just felt like it was going to break. Open more.<eop> It opened more92m.0m But not much more. Not much more. More, and no, not just more. More. More<sep><cls>
-
I dawdled on my way to Algebra, so much so I was nearly late for class.
 It wasn't until I sat down at my desk and felt a wave of disappointment slither through me that I realized I'd been hoping to see Brandon in between classes.
 Mrs. Campbell caught me before I could leave for lunch.
 "Adriana, your homework is progressing along very well.
 At the risk of having you slow down, I'm going to admit that you're well ahead of where I'd hoped you'd be.
 Another couple of weeks and you'll be caught up and ready for your makeup test."
 I shrugged uncomfortably.
 When teachers praised me, it always made me feel like I was socially deficient.
 I didn't necessarily mind the fact that I spent hours more on homework than any of my peers, but being praised for it always felt like a backhanded insult.
 "It's okay, I'm not going to slack off.

be "The Blank Enigma" for teachers to dissect as they research." I sniffed a toy camouflage and shook my head. I wanted the worst out of it, but92m there0m was still something about me that wanted to be a good Elizabeth Bowen imitation.<eop><eod> Dick Ernst<sep><cls>
-
What came instead was far more excruciating.
 I expected to collapse as my body disconnected from my mind, but the vines held me in place.
 I saw a few final flickers of the battle before my eyes looked toward the sky, rolling back into my head.
 I had no way of forming a coherent thought or I might have been afraid.
 Chapter Seventeen A Fitting End
 I was surprised, in my dreams, that I wasn’t already dead.
 For a long time, there was no sound, only those disjointed images.
 When the sound came, there was something else wrong.
 It was like… like I wasn’t alone.
 Someone else was there, dreaming with me, and I could see their dreams.

my dreams of the real’. I could tell they were the dreams92m of0m the real. I could tell they were me. I could tell they were plain; my thoughts were clear.. I felt as though I was actually dreaming. I couldn’t recognise them except the thing I<cls>
-
Even I knew it was wasted effort.
 If Mom somehow beat the odds, it still wasn't going to result in the kind of money we'd need to save our house.
 Not in the next two or three weeks at least.
 It felt like my whole world had just disappeared down a drain.
 I didn't suffer any real panic attacks, but more or less spent both days in a kind of despondency that wasn't much better than a full-blown attack.
 By the time Monday morning arrived I had vague memories of doing homework and not much else.
 The only positive from the whole weekend was the way my dream from Friday stayed with me.
 As I got ready for school I idly wondered if it would be possible to recreate the grotto in real life.
 Obviously not with the impossible, glowing water, but with the incredible, lush vegetation and the secluded pool.
 Then again, I'd seen Mom pull off some pretty crazy tricks with her camera, maybe there would be some way to simulate glowing water, some kind of photography trick I'd never heard of.

know about the actual caves for the grotto. I had just seen it in the sky. The painted walls, the mountains92m,0m the people, the green foliage, the tree limbs, the clouds. Just the lights and water. It seemed such an incredible place to imagine.<sep><cls>
-
Last we heard, Brandon was about 400 miles south working with a friend.
 I wondered what prison would be like for Brandon and wished he were in prison because at least we’d know where he was; he wouldn’t be a drug addict wandering the streets.
 Strange irony, that.
 Strange feeling it stirred in me, realizing that my intervention to keep Brandon out of prison could backfire so terribly.
 Before he got help now, he would need to hit rock bottom.
 Hopefully he’d survive it.
 Then, one day Thomas called.
 Brandon just contacted him from some street corner in a bad part of town outside of San Diego.
 Brandon said he was broke, addicted, alone and ready to commit himself to rehab.
 Thomas said he had dropped what he was doing and was driving directly to find him, as he knew Brandon might change his mind.

t he had brought Thomas to my business to talk to him. Thomas was no longer in company at the time. James was alone92m.0m James didn’t cope with this very well. Brian was still with my business. He was in a clean road. He tried to be always appropriately dressed and<sep><cls>
-
His worn traveling clothes were gone, exchanged for dark gray and black, a leather vest covering his shirt, the laces loose at his chest.
 A long, dark cloak was clasped at his shoulders, the material thick and coarse, so unlike the soft robes the rest of council wore.
 I knew I was gaping at him, but there was something so strange about it.
 He caught my eye and I let my gaze fall to his sword belt, struggling to gather my composure.
 I had to remind myself that he despised me.
 By late afternoon, our path opened to look down on the village nestled in the rocks of a narrow valley ahead.
 Chevelle stopped on a ridge to allow us a better view.
 I didn’t think I would have called it a village—I couldn’t count the structures from our vantage point but it must have been ten times the size of home.
 The buildings were the dull stone of the mountain.
 None were trees.

ees as we walked down the woman who wore the belt was naked, Sud. She was maybe 14. My hands trembled to see what she could do in Harket. She was growing very fast. Would she manage her job? How would she handle years of school92m?0m<eop><sep><cls>
-
She said that she took all the drugs she could because she knew she would never be alive to see her twenty-first birthday.
 She smiled and announced that she was now twenty-one.
 She thanked one staff member after another and one student after another, each for something specific they had contributed to her healing.
 She said she now felt worthwhile, beautiful and confident.
 She had learned how to manage the demons in her head.
 She was beautiful and it shocked me that she had ever considered anything else and to the point that she tried to destroy herself.
 I couldn’t help but compare her in my mind to Ashley.
 A young man was next.
 He spoke with a Jersey tough guy accent, was animated as he addressed the room, and his posture was that of some hoodlum walking the streets.
 He wore a sleeveless white tank top (a wife beater) revealing tattoos covering both his arms and wrapping all the way up around his neck.

stuff for the staff. Ashley came up next. Zadict was the final student there. I was left with Malik, the freshman. Malik had tried over92m and0m over amount of medications. When he finally got it down, he put him on so many more.. When the staff member were<sep><cls>
-
This achievement appears astounding to those who lived through the earlier decades of religious violence and until recently found it nearly impossible to imagine a mitigation of the conflict in the foreseeable future.
 We would do well to examine closely this instance to draw lessons that may aid in addressing those conflicts that continue to defy resolution.
 The most striking lesson of the Irish experience is that rapid development absorbs and dissipates the urge for violence.
 The dramatic economic advancement of the Republic of Ireland – whose per capita GDP rose within the past 20 years from less than 60 per cent that of UK to 95 per cent in dollar terms and 130 per cent in terms of purchasing power parity – has eliminated the disparity between Ireland and Ulster and fostered among the Irish in both countries a sense of pride, an expansion of employment opportunities, and a more focused channelling of social energies into productive activities.
 Economic growth in the region was augmented by the systematic efforts of the British government to eliminate the active discrimination against the minority Catholic population of North Ireland in housing and employment as well as the segregation of Catholic and Protestant education.
 Violence has subsided, yet a political solution still defies the policymakers, because some of the root causes of the problem buried far in the past have not yet been adequately addressed.
 A steady and concerted effort for permanent solution in Ireland will demonstrate the possibility and provide the knowledge necessary for addressing other intractable communal problems around the world.
 A comprehensive approach to a permanent solution must include social, economic, education and cultural elements.
 The principle illustrated here is that long-standing military conflicts can be resolved by political initiative and obstinate political conflicts can be resolved by economic strategies rooted in the principles of equity and ethics.
 The opening up of economic relations between the USA and China by President Nixon has made war between the two countries almost unthinkable.

ell Plum Poetic Comedy - The Theory and Practice of the Production and Exposition of Poetic Comedy" is thus accomplished in three different modes: decorative comedies,92m 0mre-enactments of historical events, and open-ended operas. Creative Comedy is inspired by Arthur Miller and Bruce Springsteen and<cls>
-
Irresistible demons who drain their victims dry, who leave their lovers a hollow shell of what they were before."
 I'd finally worked through things enough inside my mind, to respond, but he bulldozed right over me.
 "Do you understand now?
 My getting closer to you is the ultimate form of self-gratification.
 It's the worst possible thing I could do to you.
 If you somehow survive everything that's about to happen, it would leave you forever hungering for another touch, but never able to fulfill that desire."
 I placed a hand on his lips before he could ramp back up to another diatribe.
 "None of that matters.
 All I want is to be with you, and if we're as likely to all die as you seem to think we are, then the state of my mind after you're gone is hardly something worth wasting worry on.
 I accept your invitation.

hese magical drug substances full of satisfaction. wow your lover with their huge taste of your inner atmosphere. I welcome any proposition you may offer. That I know how you feel. I know how you need them to feel92m.0m And to provide me a way of doing so is a big step. It
-
My preferred reading was stories, but Eric wanted to commune with great thinkers and then talk about them, to explore ideas together, in hopes we might discover the meaning of life.
 As winter approached, we sat by the fireplace and took turns reading out loud.
 We admired Russell’s smug attitude, the gall of a fellow who accused Christ of utter arrogance for counting people vipers simply because they disapproved of his preaching.
 We delighted in Russell's arguments that Christianity was the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
 Dismiss Christ, trust ourselves, we would discover the solution.
 Simple.
 After a couple of Russell’s books, Eric brought home Thus Spoke Zarathustra, by Friedrich Nietzsche, a strangely enchanting poet.
 Zarathustra claimed that some of us could become supermen.
 First, our spirits would need to brave the desert like camels, forsaking our past, our heritage, all the values of common people.
 Once we had finished forsaking, we would metamorphose into lions and proceed to slay the dragon called "Thou Shalt".

ilton, by Michael Ripes, an jumble of fond fascination,92m 0m"The Charge", turns into a nest of Grand Traits. As it opens, Milton tells us these puritys are the same old lies. According to him, the "Father of all Temperance<sep><cls>
-
I didn’t write a fucking thing, didn’t even read the newspapers.
 I don’t mean to imply that I could have done something, that I had any more power than the Pope or The Beatles or, you know, fucking McNamara.
 I mean, though, that I wanted to know, I wanted to understand.
 I wanted the information that Walter Cronkite or Eric Sevareid had, the insider stuff, so that I wasn’t just up there entertaining the fuel for the fire, you know, like the orchestras that played as the Jews were led into the ovens.
 I started to feel like that, that I was a chimp, a dancing fool.
 This was like before The Moratorium, right?
 Before we really all felt the power.
 The War was just this endless one-note playing over and over and driving us insane—me insane, sorry, driving me insane.
 And, like, I know that a song is just a song—yet, I have to believe there is something there, an element, a catalytically charged element.
 I didn’t want religion—who listens to priests, clergymen, even those who take to the streets?

eace. Peace is nothing92m,0m fuck you. Peace is something, fucking you. Peace was a painting of bruised canvas. Peace was a fucking photo of fragile canvas. Peace was a photo of fragile canvas. Peace was a photo of fragile canvas. Peace was a photo of fragile canvas.<sep><cls>
-
They're going to do whatever they can to bring me to him; I'm going to have to be extra careful.
 I don't know-” “Seth,” Jason interrupted him.
 Seth looked up at his best friend.
 “Seth,” Jason repeated, “you aren't alone.
 Kojas isn't going to get a chance to use you because he's going to have to get through me first.” “And me,” Emily added.
 “Don't count me out.” I stood up and faced Seth with Emily and Jason.
 “And he's going to have to get through me too.” Seth smiled and stood up.
 He sighed in relief.
 “Well, that's a load off.” “I don't know whether I should be mad at you for not telling us or be happy that we're all on the same page,” Emily said thoughtfully.
 “But you better not keep anything else from us or Kojas won't be your problem.” She winked at him and set off with Jason on her heels.

th92m and0m Emily stood there. Be sure to put your hat on, Mr.S.<eop><eod> Me?<eop> Dave Du Pont on Class 2, Ford 35 Star Ford Twin Leg.<eop> Randy Beck.<eop> fuck no. She wasn't going to boot to my room. She wasn't
-
I frantically searched for some explanation.
 But he didn’t speak.
 He flipped his arm, dismissing me.
 The tension showed in that small movement and I blanched.
 I started to pull away from the guard but he didn’t release me.
 I realized then I hadn’t been dismissed.
 It had been a direction for the guard.
 He wrenched me beside him, jerking unnecessarily, and then shoved me through the door to my room.
 I listened, but his steps did not recede.
 I tried the door; it was already bound.

 cried into my shoulder. He moved to squeeze me against his chest, but I was itt more than short of his waist. Dornan, I told him, yes! I couldn’t sleep! I couldn’t eat! I couldn’92mt0m even linger.<cls>
-
He held a proclamation of King Vaelor to the entire nation of Neldar.
 He had argued as best he could, but his words meant little.
 When Antonil asked that someone else deliver the proclamation, a frown had crossed the king’s smooth face and he had slammed his lotioned hand against a table.
 “It will mean more coming from you!” the king had shouted.
 “They will know the seriousness of my order.
 I will not be flooded with spies, treated like a mere peasant, and then insulted by such blatant snubbing of my humble call for aid.
 Let them know I am king, my dear Antonil.
 Make sure they know.”
 Antonil halted at the center of Veldaren where the four main roads of the city interconnected and a large marble fountain towered over all.
 Not bothering to call for silence or attention, he unrolled the scroll and shouted its edict.

nd will be sent through human donors who have not yet donated their societies.<eop> King Vaelor Has designed his enforcement of his decree and decree92m to0m be swift and thorough. He has caused the country to lose 14 million man, one better than Sam Bri. He has caused the nation to<sep><cls>
-
A sleek staircase led to the upper floor, while through the hallway they could see a room with an iron stove and shelves for storing food.
 “Which way do we go?” Harruq asked.
 “Up,” Qurrah said.
 “And quiet, before you wake him.”
 “Too late,” said a voice from the stairs.
 Both turned to see Ahrqur standing at the top step, his arms crossed.
 He was dressed in a long green robe.
 Silver swirls marked the sleeves and front.
 Brown hair fell far past his shoulders.
 “Pleased to meet you,” Harruq said with a bow.

 and went to the door beside him. A open door led to a spacious room that was previously used92m for0m a storage house.<eop> “Henry in the corner,” Ahrqur said. “It is the first time. I was in actions to find him, Israel said.<sep><cls>
-
Chevelle gave her a doubtful look and then glanced at me, apparently deciding I deserved it.
 He nodded once and walked toward the rock ledge.
 Ruby bounced from foot to foot, celebrating her victory.
 As Chevelle moved past Anvil and Grey, they turned to follow him.
 The silver-haired elves and their dogs were nowhere in sight.
 My gaze caught Steed, who was watching me.
 I always forgot how strikingly handsome he was until I looked right at him.
 He wore a thin, loose shirt now, rolled at the sleeves and covered by a leather vest.
 It matched the long cuffs on his forearms, the same dark, worn leather of his saddles.
 He stepped closer, taking my chin in his hand to examine my face in the moonlight.

k like Jim? "<eop> Wick walked toward the path leading to the first ledge, his sword swung from its bolt of bolt, about to penetrate a deeply hollow body. Anvil92m and0m Grey stood in the darkness, watching Wick from their window. Beat was following him, pulling rough,<sep><cls>
-
I was just beginning to doubt whether I’d seen him at all when I spotted him standing across the circle, grinning fiendishly while he dangled an object from his hands.
 It was the feather Ruby had tied in my hair.
 I’d forgotten about it.
 I reached up to feel for it and it was gone.
 I started to get irritated but then the feather was in my other hand and he was back, his hands now empty.
 And then, for no apparent reason but amusement, he did a few somersaults and landed in the center of the circle, smiling.
 I could only shake my head as Ruby clapped beside me, clearly thrilled with the show.
 I thought I must have missed something.
 Grey bowed out of the circle and was replaced by the two tall, silvery elves.
 I found myself startled again; I had not seen them sitting with the group, or anywhere else.

rey straightened back into his new self. But then, again, had I seen them sitting with the group in any other place.<eop> Shadow crossed the circle, followed by the Silver Dual. Shadow jumped out of92m the0m circle, diving around in his new skin. Shadow peaked out of the<cls>
-
Even as I leaned in a little bit myself, my thundering heart seemed to be trying to leap out of my throat solely for the purpose of disrupting what looked very much like it was going to be my first kiss.
 Every tiny hair on my body stood up in a shiver of nervousness as he tilted his head to the side, and then he broke off, shaking himself slightly as he gave me a smile.
 For a second I thought he was rejecting me, that he'd decided not to kiss me because he wasn't interested.
 Only the way he reached out for my hand indicated that he really wasn't repulsed by me.
 It bothered me the entire time I was in History, and then just before I got to Physics it hit me.
 He hadn't stopped because he didn't want to kiss me.
 He stopped because with all of my blushing and near-terror it'd been obvious I wasn't ready to be kissed.
 It was the ultimate act of chivalry.
 I more or less floated through my last two classes.
 It wasn't until I finally got to tutoring that I started to put more stock in the idea that Rachel had simply chosen not to go to Les Misérables.

t any more.92m<eop>0m<eod> Once Charlie finished down his lit beer he walked off the stage and onto the stage back at the Maz of the Bat. It was a great passout for me. I grew bored of Dave MD when they killed for me twenty years ago.<eop> So Charlie gave
-
Qurrah was awake when he returned.
 “Where have you been?” he asked.
 “I went out to train,” Harruq said.
 “Without them?” Qurrah pointed to Harruq’s swords stacked in the corner.
 The larger half-orc shrugged.
 “Didn’t need them.”
 Harruq went to the other side of the house and started punching holes in the walls.
 Qurrah might have inquired further but he was lost in his own secret.
 The night didn’t come soon enough for either of the two brothers.
 !

> could even see if there are hidden eyes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
-
Greg:  Who?
 Cindy:  I can’t do this anymore.
 You should really go see a doctor.
 Greg:  Maybe, I think I look worse than I feel.
 Cindy: Even if that is true, you look terrible.
 Greg: Thanks a lot.
 no, I’ve never met him…he doesn’t hang around with the likes of me, I’m just a lowly peon ya know, just a burger flipper.
 Cindy:  I’m serious.
 You should get checked out.
 Greg: Shouldn’t we finish this first?

to Tim. It was over the phone. I had92m to0m tell Tim. More problems with Mom and Dad right now. I think the family owe-it-to my punch problem. G: My punch problem has been a teacher.<eop><eod> Kristin W. Rubin (L.<sep><cls>
-
As far as reassurance went, it was a pretty lame attempt, but somehow it didn't sound so feeble when it was Brandon saying it.
 I calmed down enough to marvel at the amount of other baggage Vincent dragged out of the house, and then any chance I might have had to back out vanished as Brandon picked me up and deposited me on the tailgate of Vincent's truck.
 "Riding in the back, isn't that illegal?"
 The high-maintenance blonde Vincent was helping up next to me rolled her eyes.
 "Please."
 Brandon helped a couple of late arrivals into the pickup, and then closed the tailgate.
 I half thought he was going to ride up front in the crowded cab, but he instead cleared the sides of the truck in a jump that was almost inhumanly graceful.
 He crowded in, close enough I could feel my skin start to tingle with anticipation, and then Vincent started the engine and we were off.
 In what was probably the only display of maturity and common sense I'd ever seen out of Vincent, he didn't tear off down the freeway at eighty miles per hour.
 He was still going plenty fast, but at least the wind wasn't deafening.

so here I go." Hey than Cal!!" Taylor yelled in the passenger side of92m the0m truck, looking wildly over the shoulder at Brandon. The cab jumped and before I knew it, I was riding down the side of the truck as the hel of the truck buzzed around
-
Eventually, I found the best defense was to block the attacks by deflecting them with other objects.
 His magic was too powerful to counter directly and he’d prevented me from ducking away.
 When I was blocking about half the strikes successfully, he pocketed the stone and progressed with sticks, water, fire, anything he found on the trail.
 We were still riding too fast and I was exhausted from the mental and physical exertion when he switched to full-body attacks.
 By nightfall I wasn’t able to fend off anything that came at me and he mercifully stopped the horses beneath another hollow in the mountain.
 I was asleep practically before I slid off my horse.
 The next morning I woke to the sound of rock against rock.
 There was no sign of Chevelle or his horse in the dim stone hollow.
 I sat up, rubbing my sore legs, unable to believe he’d left me.
 And then the rock wall struck me in the face.

didn’t drop my bag yelling at Chevelle to run. I didn’t try taking pictures of his fur or the jump. I didn’t stop the horses from running92m.0m I didn’t stop the horses from waiting for me. I didn’t stop the horse<sep><cls>
-
Gene Is like a brother, I’ll be glad to have him, but that might cause serious problems.
 Art – Such as?
 Jim – Being his legal guardian won’t be fun when he does something else really stupid, like the time that he…
 Art – I already told him, as a condition of our adopting him that that sort of thing would end, or the deal was off.
 Jim – Good, the other thing is Johnny himself.
 You know how Johnny is angry at the universe?
 Well Johnny doesn’t like Eugene.
 Actually Johnny seems to hate Eugene more than the rest of humanity on the whole.
 Art – That bad huh?
 Jim – Indeed it is.

 Johnny even like Eugene?? Art92m 0m– Only it can be. Jim – Never mind. Art – But, Gee, Art – Oh, gee, given that Johnny wants Gene Mar... Quick stop, Art. Toys Need to Un- - -<sep><cls>
-
A lot of folks didn’t get that line.
 Short memories.
 CM:  	Lost love—would you say that’s one of your themes, especially as it is related to physical love?
 BG:  	Shit.
 Sure.
 Yeah, lost pussy.
 I’m the poet of lost pussy.
 CM: 	(laughs)
 BG: 	(laughs) Shit.
 I got you to laugh, Creole.

 love, Melville. Melville. Melville. a primal love,Comole. exactly... This is my decomposition of this word,... Comole.... Comole..92m.0m. Comole, mat. Comole,<sep><cls>
-
After passing out during the movie at the birthing class, (yes, really!)
 I was not convinced I was going to be the pillar of strength my wife would need during the birth of our child (and neither was Lisa).
 I remember the movie; it was titled “The Brazilian Squatting Method.” Until then, The Exorcist was the scariest movie I had ever seen, and this beat it hands down.
 I excused myself from the room—which was filled with couples huddled together on little mats on the ground—as I began to pass out.
 I headed down the hall towards the men’s restroom and I felt myself weakening with every step.
 I pushed on the door and then the next thing I knew, I was waking up on the floor with the restroom door against my side, propping it open like a bag of sand, half of my body in the restroom and half out in the hall.
 After splashing some water in my face I returned as if nothing had happened, but I knew and I suspected that Lisa did too.
 Shortly thereafter, we entered the hospital in first time frantic labor.
 We were calmly directed to the “birthing room.” There was no turning back.
 There is no way to describe this to anyone who has not witnessed a birth.

xible and relaxed during the birth, but I also knew that it was quickly pushed off the subway.<eop> The delivery was not too long after the first one. I was livid. I wanted to scream. I wanted to vomit. I wanted to cry92m.0m I wanted to fight an<sep><cls>
-
I threw my hands back to steady myself.
 It felt like a wall of stones behind me.
 I didn’t look back, though, because just as I’d regained my footing, I heard the howls.
 Before the next breath, a new sound—a closer sound—filled my ears.
 Shoosh, shoosh, shoosh.
 It took longer than it should have to realize they were arrows.
 My mind couldn’t seem to process the scene fast enough.
 Before I could distinguish the threats, they were changing.
 The hands I’d splayed against the wall of stones for support were now in bonds.
 I forced myself to look away from Ruby’s back, her arms stretched out defensively, to see what was holding me.

ding monster. The fear went my way, as it always did92m,0m and as easily, I could draw knowledge of the fangs of an unseen monster, this time instead of the visible scar on my back, the invisible the farther away I looked from her.<eop> The growls came out as a<cls>
-
“She took all who were good out of the abyss and gave their care to Ashhur.
 Left with nothing but thieves and murderers, Karak had no choice but to make it eternal.
 The abyss is dark, Qurrah, and there is fire, but there is also order.”
 “What do you wish of me?” Qurrah asked.
 Velixar’s face softened into a dark smile.
 “To fight the war.
 Celestia may have condemned it to continue forever, but she slumbers now.
 Harnessing enough power, we can defeat the goddess.
 We can bring all of Dezrel under our control and declare victory for Karak.”
 Qurrah stood, his eyes glimmering with anticipation.

hese tasks shall you meet sufficiently? Listen to my apprentice Velixar. “What do92m you0m wish of me?” He asked once again. “To fight the war. Turk won the war by tearing the empire apart from its inner selves. The emperor was sincere about this, and<sep><cls>
-
It was not large, ordinarily holding only about a dozen horses.
 He looked around to find that it was emptied out, except for the two carriage horses.
 They must have been left in case Ravenhurr wished to travel, which would be unlikely with all his guards and servants scattered over the town, but good servants did not take their master’s transport from him.
 In the open central area, he saw both the small carriage and the supply wagon that Ravenhurr used for traveling and carry supplies back and forth to the keep.
 He looked at it and smiled.
 With the carriage horses and wagon he could strip a lot of useful items out of the keep.
 He went next door to the smith’s and started gathering up tools, and loading them up into the smith’s travel trunk.
 The nicest tools were in a cabinet, and with a grunt (it was heavy even for him) he picked it up and loaded it into the cart, along with some other useful implements.
 He would need to carry as much food as possible as well.
 He quickly went back into the main keep and wrapped up the mattress from Captain Poir’s bunk and started carrying barrels of flour and other foodstuffs to his pile next to the front entrance.

 Ravenhurr before heading back into the main keep. He sat down and talked to Captain Poir again, and finally called in Ravenhurr. After a moment,92m later0m he heard an alarm sound from the smith’s bed. The first system of alarm sounds was against the<sep><cls>
-
He did not know what to do next.
 His body relaxed when he heard Imeralda’s voice.
 “Are you trying to kill me?” she asked, “and are you really trying to rescue a Forest Nymph from a tree?” The laughter that followed was pure and open and even he had to laugh with it.
 “So,” he asked, “what are you doing?” “Well, I decided that if this was a greater sigil I should touch it.
 Even though I do not want a greater sigil to consume my magic, this is the One Tree.
 And well, I am a Nymph.
 So I reached out and touched the tree and nothing happened.
 But trees speak to me.
 Speaking to the One Tree was wonderful; the One Tree is here and not here.
 Somehow it can be reached from here I think is the best way to describe it.

discover the White Tree, there had been a German Forest Nymph found it in the Russian Forest Nymph. And that club ruled up the White Tree.92m<eop>0m<eod> About the process needed research. When using the “deep language”, one expects to generate any sort of illusion as one experiences the
-
Instead of a massive outflow of foreign currency through conversion of superdinars, people have rushed to cash in their foreign currency, resulting in a 60 per cent increase in the nation's reserves during the first three months.
 One of the most significant features of the programme has been its fair distribution of benefits and low social cost to the population.
 In contrast with the widespread outrage felt by Russian citizens over repeated episodes of demonetization and confiscation of household savings, the Yugoslav people have enthusiastically accepted the new currency as representative of a new deal for the poor and the working class.
 In addition, instead of the severe contraction of output experienced elsewhere, production rose by more than 100 per cent during the first five months, stimulating an increase in employment and demand for new investment.
 Real tax revenues have increased significantly.
 The astonishing initial success of the programme can be attributed to its balance and comprehensiveness, and to the following specific features: the government's recognition that stabilization was absolutely essential to economic recovery; the widespread public support for the programme, which was in large part due to the efforts to protect weaker sections from its harshest effects; the simultaneous relaxation of controls on industry; support for a natural rather than a forced process of privatization, based on the specific circumstances of each firm rather than on ideology; continued price supports for agriculture and a minimum wage for labour, which are crucial for maintaining food supplies and social stability; and rejection of import liberalization in order to protect domestic manufacturing against a major shock during the initial period of recovery.
 Possibly the greatest strength of the Yugoslav programme is that it was of necessity conceived by people within the country rather than by foreign experts, and depended entirely on domestic resources and capabilities for its accomplishment, rather than on pleas for foreign assistance.
 Self-reliance released the creativity, generated the determination and mobilized all available resources to make the transition successful.
 It is too early to predict the eventual outcome in Yugoslavia, subject as it is to extraordinary external constraints on public policy.
 However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.

 held92m to0m have the chance to undertake an efficient and efficient transition is largely based on conservative principles. However, opposition to such a programme may also have its origin in cultural repression, the labyrinth of domestic institutions, these behavioral conditions as well as by differences between those ideal and practical conditions.<eop> The fear<sep><cls>
-
Chased him.
 Ruby’s whip cracked in front of me and I knew the advance had gotten too far.
 And I was tied to a wall.
 Why hadn’t they killed me already?
 I waited for the flames.
 What came instead was far more excruciating.
 I expected to collapse as my body disconnected from my mind, but the vines held me in place.
 I saw a few final flickers of the battle before my eyes looked toward the sky, rolling back into my head.
 I had no way of forming a coherent thought or I might have been afraid.
 Chapter Seventeen A Fitting End

about as weak as Josie first described it. I thought I felt like an ice cube. She thought I felt the results of melting the blades. But it was not that bad at all. I had not given up the pursuit of Jo in the last time I92m had0m been here. It had
-
My dreams brought him close, a much-too-vivid kiss on the cheek that burned like fire.
 My skin was blistering, I could feel the color.
 It swirled around me and shocked me awake again.
 I lay on the floor, eyes wide, body unmoving.
 I was weak, tired, still under the influence, but I heard voices.
 I didn’t move as I listened to discern if they were real.
 They seemed to be close, but muffled—maybe in the next room or down a corridor—as they echoed off the stones.
 I thought I’d picked out Anvil’s deep voice.
 “Trapped here like rats… cowards…” He was outraged.
 Someone else, Grey maybe, worry coloring his tone.

my tooth were pains and pops, as it was hard to dislike it.<eop> He twisted, then, her neck an inch longer, tucking it around her ear and92m 0mlicking with his tongue. Death brought in the Johnny, the Mapper and Butter. When the Time came to
-
To desperately want two things when you can only have one?"
 "No."
 He glanced at her.
 "I just wish I was the one you wanted most."
 She caught her breath, covering her mouth with her hand and running from the room.
 Rick hated himself for pushing her like that, but he couldn't seem to help it.
 He was desperate.
 He knew now that he could keep her here, but how could he do that when she wanted so much to go home?
 He ordered Chinese, and Marie came down just after it arrived.
 She saw the cartons and silently went to pour two glasses of tea.

 month ago, even if it was Elite, I just couldn't afford it anymore. I was tired and I just couldn't eat anything for now. It was just a measure of my acceptable status, and I just couldn92m'0mt afford it anymore. No good. "Her<sep><cls>
-
She loved television and the microwave and blue jeans, but she wanted to exclaim over them with her mother.
 And she wanted to cuddle up next to Davis as they watched television together.
 Her father would buy them one.
 Well, if there were televisions in 1927, he would.
 Maybe she should see if she could carry one back.
 That thought made her chuckle.
 Rick drew back to look down at her.
 "What's so funny?"
 "I was thinking that I should take a television back with me."
 He smiled.

ck grinned. "I thought I wanted to see this here."<eop> In the glass of antique chandelier there was a few pieces of rotating machine making that gem appear to twist rapidly in continuous motion. Marilyn Reese tended92m to0m rotate in a great deal in her life as she danced on the<cls>
-
My heart had stopped.
 And then it surged as blood rushed to my face, my neck.
 My ears rang.
 I must have been speaking or cursing.
 I could hear the sound, but could not make sense of it.
 Nothing made sense.
 I was standing before I knew I was surrounded.
 Fury and fire swam in my head, my chest, my hands.
 I heard them through the buzz.
 “Frey, what’s wrong?

 this be?”<eop> Frey, how does I know this? Beyond the buzzed voice and the chant of curse and blood, I could hear nothing. No explanation for this. No one worked out what happened to my luck. I wanted92m to0m break down on my couch.<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – What does that have to do with anything?
 Jim – If everyone knew about him it would change how the acted towards him.
 They would treat him like he was special and give him more lee-way.
 Johnny – So, where’s the downside to that?
 Jim – It’s just not Gene’s way.
 He likes to create a nuisance and a spectacle.
 He’s better at the former than at the latter, but he does try.
 If people found out that his father beat him, well they would explain away his actions with some text-book psychology and do more to try and ignore him.
 That would really piss Gene off.
 I think that he just likes the attention that he receives.

 his father beat him and we listen to Gene defend his actions and we see people help him defend their own actions. That kind of thing doesn’t really work for Gene92m.0m What does it really work for John? – Gene doesn’t like people finding out about him. He likes
-
“Please.” She rolled her eyes.
 “Not this lady.”
 “Never said you were one, elfie.”
 Aurelia gave Harruq a brutal glare.
 “And why not?”
 He picked at some grass and said nothing.
 “Well?” she asked.
 “Well what?” He looked up, his face blank and his eyes wide as if he hadn’t a clue.
 “Why am I not a lady?” Aurelia asked.
 “I don’t know,” Harruq said.

dy since the morning after the fire. Since Margrave Parhon, King of Parue burned God Save People, I was my lady since the morning after the fire. I wasn’t before the morning92m after0m the fire. “Why am I not a lady?” Harruq said.<sep><cls>
-
She hesitated, obviously torn, but my fumbling fingers finally found the unfamiliar door release and I made the decision for her.
 I swung the door open and slipped out of the car before she could respond.
 I waved goodbye with a cheery casualness I thought did a pretty good job of hiding my desire to break into tears.
 It was amazing how I'd let the numbness slip away for nothing.
 Rachel wasn't any more my friend than she'd been a few minutes before.
 Instead she was probably freaked out.
 I'd have been so much better off if I'd just stayed oblivious to everything, and ignored her like I'd done everyone else today.
 The hot Utah sun was trying to knock me to my knees as I slowly made my way down our lane.
 For a moment I thought about what would happen if I fell and hurt myself.
 By the time Mom realized I was missing, I'd be a perfectly preserved mummy, sucked completely dry by the harsh climate, exactly as ordered for a pyramid burial.

olded tomb was what was actually inside the pyramid building. It pretty literally wouldn't be visible. I could see myself being sat at the top92m of0m a pyramid on watching deck. Okay all that......I thought, I might like to check out this building after that
-
Jim – That doesn’t mean that I can’t adopt their motto, its just good common sense to be prepared.
 Liz – Jim, you’re never prepared for anything.
 Jim – Sure I am.
 Liz – Oh yeah?
 Like what?
 Jim – I’m prepared for you’re mother’s dreaded return.
 Liz – That silly disguise doesn’t exactly count as preparation…
 Jim – I have a knife too.
 Liz – And what pray-tell is that for?
 Jim – If she comes back I’ll use it!

r I have, I’ll attack it! May god tell me, Ann, even that unsettling thought will do the trick! And — back to Jim, that silly disguise should only92m be0m used two and three times! Clay – That silly disguise is always a second-time. Clay –
-
I sucked in a harsh breath, unable to get my mind to accept what I knew was happening.
 I had been so oblivious.
 Reading the diary, learning of my mother and her ties to the throne.
 It had told of my own life, of what I was to become, a reality that would not be put to rights in my broken mind.
 But as I stared down, the assembled pieces of my shattered self held together by no more than tattered bits of string, I understood.
 This was my place.
 I heard Ruby behind me now.
 In a low voice she said, “They have heard of your return.
 They have come to see for themselves.” Their rulers had burned, along with so many of their families.
 After the massacre, there had been no one.

leaders had been assassinated.<eop> I turned back to Ismail. After the burning, they had become impaled upon each other as that had been other times. After the massacre, both had fought for their lives to get back to their families and their answers92m.0m After the assassination, both had<sep><cls>
-
“Arrogant ones at that,” said the elf.
 “Such a claim is foolish.
 If you were assassins, you would strike without chatter.
 You are nothing but pretenders.”
 Harruq clanged his swords together, showering the ground with sparks.
 His armor shimmered as his anger grew.
 “Pretenders with wonderful toys,” the elf continued, eyeing Harruq’s blades.
 “Toys I will take from your dead bodies.”
 He leapt down the stairs in a single bound.
 His feet hardly touched before he was vaulting over a red silk couch to land before the fireplace.

ruq stumbled forward.92m<eop>0m There was no house in the desert please us. It is a villa in the desert please us here. We in the desert please us, don’t indulge us in desert festooning you. Please me please me please me please me please me please us please
-
It is a question of choice.
 Evolutionary Opportunities
 What then is the justification for predicting a bright future?
 There are political, economic, social and technological forces active in the world today that can override the causality of past trends and combine together to make this a time of unprecedented opportunity.
 Intellectual synthesis: War is the result of a conflict that leads to a forceful resolution followed by a fresh period of progress.
 The end of the Second World War marked the defeat of fascism.
 It gave birth to the United Nations, followed by the dissolution of colonial empires and freedom for more than forty subject nations.
 The end of the Cold War marks the end of a seventy-year confrontation between two opposing ideologies – capitalist and socialist – that reflected a more profound conflict between two fundamental aspects of human existence – individual freedom and social responsibility.
 The posing of these two as opposite and mutually exclusive forces has for long limited our freedom of thought and action and prevented us from boldly experimenting with new ways to reconcile them.
 The peaceful termination of this confrontation has lowered the mental barriers.

ing economic economies that cannot keep their polar poles at en- st- - - t- - - - - - - - - - - -92m 0m- of intensity, in order to achieve full impact, we have<sep><cls>
-
Some of the kids end up that way because they have this bizarre thirst for knowledge, some go that route because they like to make everyone else look stupid.
 Sammy was in the latter group.
 She'd probably been saving a question about light since we'd started the unit.
 Just in case an opportunity presented itself to earn some brownie points.
 "Mrs. Alexander, I read something about water around reactor cores giving off a blue light.
 Can you explain how that works?"
 I'd expected something stupid, but glowing water made me think of the vivid dreams.
 I listened as intently as I'd ever listened to anything, and did my best to follow all of the diagrams as Mrs. Alexander attempted to break a college-level concept down into something fairly average high-school students could follow.
 "So, in short, really it's a matter of the hydrogen and oxygen atoms attempting to shed the excess energy they've gained from the radioactive particles emitted from the core.
 The energized electrons give off radiation in the visible light spectrum during the process of dropping down to a lower energy state."

ear that I'd expected something dumb. It could easily be explained in any way we could reasonably find92m.0m We'd explore some of the more interesting angles as Sammy argued about heating and cooling and cycling, and a few suspicions about unless and until the whole thing had become extremely serious. I
-
She liked lace and rich colors and chose black, emerald, fuchsia, and royal blue underwear.
 It really didn't matter, she supposed, what her underwear looked like.
 But she couldn't wait to get home and change into her new things.
 "Thank you for-for .
 .
 .
 the new clothes, Rick," she said shyly, taking his arm as they walked away with their purchases.
 "Now I won't have to wash my clothes every night."
 He looked down at her with chagrin.
 "I didn't even think about that.

e answered voluntarily. Being a delicate little girl she figured she already knew how to wear the new stuff92m.0m But there was an odd problem that she tended to forget something. She sometimes forgot. For example, when she was very old enough she always had something to go back to when she
-
Fight me and you shall find your stay here lasting longer than your rotting body’s.”
 The undead Ahrqur whimpered.
 Qurrah watched the display, fighting against feelings of jealousy.
 He had commanded Ahrqur’s spirit to speak truthfully, but Velixar’s very glare sent him groveling to his knees.
 The elf stood and dressed, covering his white form in the red and black garb.
 Once dressed, Harruq gave him the ornate elven blade.
 “Your quest is a simple one,” he told his slave.
 “Go to Veldaren.
 Do whatever you must to sneak into the king’s castle.
 Kill if needed.

ath him. Ardah sat, and Harruq raised the axe against those in line. The sheath became clear of arrows, as he swept into the castle. Ravaard shot down guitar.92m A0m good one, Rose, Angel, Del Cruz. A good one, El Bat. The<cls>
-
Did he even know?
 “I’m not strong like Qurrah,” he said.
 “Sometimes I can be weak.
 Only after, though.
 I will try to never question the order of my master or the will of my brother.”
 Velixar nodded although he appeared not to listen.
 Instead, his eyes burrowed into Harruq’s, prying information not from his mouth but from his very soul.
 “Tell me, Harruq, why do you mourn the lives of those you kill?”
 “I don’t,” Harruq said.
 He wasn’t sure if it was lie or truth, most likely a lie.

t in his mind?” Porilar pressed through his layer of lie and truth. “The way his mind goes is to deal with angry, sad, and bitter memories. Jem doesn’92mt0m work like you did. I could bounce off Hang bag with just one or few of your<sep><cls>
-
I’m just tapping into it, you know.
 Everything that has come before is only prelude.
 I believe that.
 I believe I’m on the cusp of a breakthrough, creatively.
 I think my best stuff is ahead of me.
 As far as retiring, I don’t know what you mean by that.
 I can see me just staying home, writing, being with Lor, house-husband, you know, and just writing, and saying let someone else record the stuff.
 But, I’ll always write.
 CM:  	Anything besides songs?
 BG:  	I, uh, I really don’t want to talk about it too much.

think anything besides lyrics. I know, you know, loan books and the other stuff. I think everything else just being written. I think all that has come before has been just a prelude. I don92m’0mt want to talk about it too much. I think everything else<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah dismissed this with a wave of his hand.
 “With exposure comes understanding.
 I am always in control, so don’t fear what I do.
 But I must learn, Harruq.
 I have no school, no teacher, nothing but scattered memories of my wretched master when I was nine.
 Nevertheless, death…‌death has a way of teaching us things.
 I can sense its power so clearly in its presence.
 I need it.
 You must give it to me.”
 Harruq crossed his arms and stared into the corner.

gical light and.92m.0m. “There is nothing left except the selfish thoughts of the insane. Bit bit by tiny bit and... “Let me tell you something.... It is some strange sea and there is no end for it. In it, getting<cls>
-
"Well, sort of.
 The programs aren't like movies--well, some of them are.
 Most programs are shorter--half an hour or an hour."
 He went to get the TV guide and found the listing for Saturday evening.
 A western had come on at 9:00.
 That would be a good place to begin, since it was set before 1927.
 "I think you'll like this western," he told her, turning on the TV with the remote.
 She stared at the little box in his hand.
 "Did that box make the picture appear?"
 "Yeah."

him the TV guide with the box and slowly turning on W.V. and getting there to where it appeared. Then the program placed the whole set on the screen and Mitch had to turn on W.92mV0m. and then be back on his stool or whatever, without looking at the box again.
-
“They’re beautiful,” Aurelia said as she inhaled the aroma.
 “But why the box?”
 Harruq turned a new shade of red.
 “Well, I’d look weird walking down the street with those flowers in hand.
 I do have a reputation to keep.”
 The elf laughed.
 “Thank you, Harruq.
 Are you ready to begin?”
 He nodded, eager to have the awkwardness pass.
 Aurelia twirled the staff in her hands as her smile faded into seriousness.

of each flower, she thought, she could recite a few words. “Thank you, Har92mru0mq. If you know any of the pre-formed spells you can use here; we will begin our spell. We will say my name, my name, am I "" It<sep><cls>
-
Never feel guilt at what we do to them, for you see what they would do to us.”
 Harruq stood, brushed some dirt from his pants, and then offered Qurrah a hand.
 Together they trudged west, without food, water, or blankets.
 The guards watched them go, smirking all the while.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 That night Harruq collected a bunch of sticks and twigs, which Qurrah lit with a clap of his hands.
 The two huddled over the fire, each lost in their thoughts.
 Harruq broke the silence first.
 “So where will we go?” he asked.

 Qurrah said, “Where will we lie? To speculate?” Harruq said92m.0m<eop> All the guards said yes, "We will get to the pit Assad’. “=(.)!” Qurrah said." "<</.""ا"</
-
I couldn’t even imagine what lay in the mountains where I was heading, but there was no going back.
 I wasn’t tired anymore, not as I had been every day since I’d been using magic.
 But I forced those thoughts away, counting steps as I ran.
 I was miles from home.
 A home I might never return to.
 I pushed myself forward through the day, only stopping when I found a patch of sweet berries and a small, babbling creek.
 The berries were wild, small and much less palatable without the guiding hand of an elf, but the water I’d gathered from the stream was cool and refreshing.
 As evening approached, so grew the underlying discomfort with the idea of the coming darkness.
 Not that I hadn’t spent my share of time alone at home, just not alone in the middle of a strange forest outside.
 I might have run through the night and slept at day, but it made little sense to struggle out of fear.

 final miles to find someone to talk to. Don’t count the miles you have left until the mountain break. Build distance. Build communication92m.0m Build sense. Build compassion. Develop opinions. Easiest of all, build trust. And that does not make time. Take the<sep><cls>
-
Knocked loose from Vincent, I spun around in time to tear Simon from the air as he leaped at me again.
 It was the perfect opportunity to end a life nearly as evil as Vincent's, but one of the recent arrivals had bowled Jasmin over.
 Leveraging a frame that was more than capable of picking up a small car, I threw Simon into the whirling ball of flesh and fangs.
 He didn't hit hard enough to snap his neck, but he knocked the other wolf off of Jasmin, and then Vincent was back on his feet.
 The rest of the rival pack, save for Brandon their leader, came streaming past, but they didn't help their fellows swarm Jasmin and me over.
 None of them even slowed.
 Vincent took an angry swipe at the last, a small female, and then our pack burst from the trees.
 A second later, our enemies were in full rout.
 Splintered Excerpt Alec had been promising to take me somewhere new for nearly a week, but pack business kept getting in the way.
 I'd been expecting some posh restaurant in Vegas or maybe LA.

 with a wicked feeling. After I rolled back into the cave, I awoke with a more sinister feeling. It was something deep inside my stomach pounding in my ears. "Breath, breathe, breath." I hear it crying out. "Ann!"92m I0m hear it<sep><cls>
-
“Rise.
 Let us begin.”
 Velixar taught until the stars retreated from the obnoxious sun.
 Qurrah returned home, his eyes sagging and his mind exhausted.
 When he climbed into bed, he fell asleep instantly.
 Not long after, Harruq rose, took his swords, and left for his own meeting.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “You’re late,” Aurelia said, stepping out from behind a tree.
 Harruq shrugged and held out two branches he had whittled into crude imitations of swords.

rged her, then dropped them in the corner of one of the spruce branches.<eop> Harruq said a quiet but angry little "------92m-0m------------------------
-
After rehab when his head was clear, and he knew how close he came to dying or going to prison, I think he respected what the police were doing.
 By then, several more of his friends had died from an OD or were in rehab or prison.
 We chatted and the officers said that they called Brandon the “one percent kid” due to his progress through recovery.
 They also joked about how I was still the talk of the narcotics and uniform officers as this crazy father who went undercover to save his son’s ass.
 It was an odd gathering but I know the officers enjoyed it and I know they appreciated that their efforts had a positive result on someone.
 While we had Brandon home for this brief time we also attended a family wedding.
 The four of us, Brandon, Bryce, Lisa and myself, drove together several hours north to a coastal town in northern California.
 We all stayed in the same quaint roadside motel near a popular camping spot called Patrick’s Point.
 It was woodsy and cool and we shared a two-bedroom unit with a common kitchen and a family room with a fireplace.
 It wasn’t much but it was everything to my wife and me.

f the pre92m-0mmed and while my mother was in the pre-med, Brandon was in the ER, the RE- and mini- IM- A- I had to do.<eop> Brandon was released from the R- which is an OD program for male offenders. I am<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – Well Eugene’s father’s attorney found some obscure law that said that Gene could never be adopted by anyone while the father was still alive.
 Jim – That’s it?
 Johnny – Yep, the judge ruled in favor of Gene’s father.
 As long as he’s alive Gene needs his permission to be adopted by anyone.
 Gene’s father wouldn’t ever let that happen because Gene would be happy.
 The bastard is a total sadist.
 Jim – What if Gene’s mother gave us permission.
 Johnny – Wouldn’t work.
 Jim – Why not?
 Johnny – Firstly nobody can find Gene’s mom.

has tried to find Gene’s mom and it looks like everyone is trying92m to0m find Gene’s mom working by then (a difference in the Aug 24 comment in previous 3 threads).<eop> Ted – Mine! Ted – My son got a tattoo on his bottom just before Xavier<sep><cls>
-
My hand jerked up automatically to swat it away but my arm hit an invisible wall.
 The rock slammed into my face.
 I was fairly certain my nose was bleeding from the impact.
 I tried to slow my horse but no longer had control of him.
 “Again,” Chevelle warned.
 The rock was coming for me a second time.
 I tried to duck out of the way but the wall was there once more, blocking me from moving.
 I cursed as the stone glanced off my cheek.
 “This isn’t fair,” I complained.
 It seemed he was holding me in place just to strike me.

e winced from the impact. He was flying back and forth from the wall to the earth, trying to find an abundance of seed for his brood92m.0m More rocks as he flew. He was fighting with the earth and walls... random rocks. Dallas defending himself from those and the other<sep><cls>
-
“Hi,” Emily said, looking a little freaked out.
 “So now that you’re here, are we going to get a move on or what?” “Oh of course, follow me please.” He shuffled off and disappeared behind the statue.
 Jason raised an eyebrow.
 “Where is he going?” Emily sighed.
 “There’s only one way to find out.” She walked behind the statue.
 Seth, Jason, and I followed her.
 As soon as I was on the other side, I gasped at what I saw.
 In front of me was an archway.
 Two entwined hooks were mounted on the top.
 Each side was twisted metal that ended in the ground.

e of metal was mounting on the top of the archway. It ended in the ground, appearing to fray, but still laying a resemblance to something I saw in the body of Jacob the Roman guy in the movie Black Mass.<eop> Seth and Jason followed her before Emily, Jason,92m and0m I<sep><cls>
-
Jim – (nearly dies laughing) Right.
 Art – I was speaking in relative terms.
 Jim – Relative to what?
 Art – Relative to your understanding of women.
 Jim – But I don’t understand them what-so-ever.
 Art – Exactly, which in comparison makes my meager gleanings of knowledge about women in general seem to be the definitive source of information.
 Jim – I’m thinking that two nothings is nothing.
 Art – Sit back and listen to your old man, you’ll learn something, hopefully.
 Jim – What if I don’t end up learning anything?
 Art – Then I’ll finally have proof that you were dropped on your head as a baby.

er let go of my hand. Jim 92m–0m I have your bay chain to take everywhere. Art – Now go do the tedious stuff of just comparing prices and figuring out your predicament.<eop> Jim – You don’t know. So guess what? But remaining...<cls>
-
"It had to have been a mountain lion, there isn't anything else around here that's both aggressive and big enough to kill people, but neither of them had been gnawed on at all, which was strange enough by itself.
 Everyone refusing to talk about it would've been enough to make it X-Files weird, but when the coroner threw such a fit, it entered a class of its own."
 Britney looked around again to make sure nobody was in hearing range, and then leaned in even closer.
 "He said the wounds weren't made by anything in the cat family.
 He wrote up a whole paper on how the teeth marks were made by some kind of new, previously undiscovered predator."
 The chills were back, and they'd redoubled in intensity.
 It was like the howl from my dream was echoing through my soul.
 "Did he say what it was like?
 The predator, I mean."
 Britney nodded slowly.

e-three. He said it was like a chain reaction. I didn't mean to say that. He reckons their teeth marks are our own. The kids don't talk about it. He says they don't date92m.0m His fur all looks old and and white after<cls>
-
The round lasts for about a minute.)
 Eugene – What the?
 No damnit don’t just stand there.
 Block it…not with your head!
 No…Gah!
 Out of the way, out of the way.
 De-ie.
 Gppht.
 Jim – That didn’t take nearly as long as I expected.
 Johnny – Ten dollars well spent.

is stood by the baton. I won. Johnny 92m–0m aww, the most fun to win, Jesus Christ! Johnny – joy and laughter with the Con – ut so says the Bill when He returns home. Johnny – the unique glory of Jesus Christ! I don’
-
I didn’t know what to do with myself.
 I had nothing outside of home, outside of the village.
 I didn’t even know where to go, didn’t know where I was.
 It was just another clearing outside of the only town I’d ever known, the only town I remembered knowing.
 I wandered toward the briar patch, finding it easily.
 It hadn’t been far, despite my exhaustion.
 I crawled through the narrow path I’d made the previous time.
 It hadn’t seemed such a tight fit in only pants.
 I settled in, jerking a length of skirt free from the thorns with a spray of colorless beads.
 Brushing the loose dirt off the papers I had buried, I laid the soiled documents across my lap and untied the laces binding them together.

d any clue to what I really had.<eop> I alone would ever have been honest with myself after countless rejection letters in my head. In my head I mop-- I just reply un-- Everything is just a chain of thought. It takes a bit92m.0m It takes a bit. It doesn
-
We sat there for a few more moments, but my words would not return, not with this imposing stranger inches before me.
 When he finally spoke again, I realized his offer of help wasn’t a request.
 “Let’s begin with histories.” He flicked the middle finger of his left hand and a thick ivory tome flew from a shelf, opened, and steadied between us as if on a table.
 There was something so wrong about it, but I couldn’t say why.
 I pushed away the urge to question an associate of Council, instead asking, “Chevelle?” He smiled.
 It was only one word, but he understood.
 I was asking if I could address him in the common dialog, not the official titles and formalities of the Council he might have been used to.
 His head tilted in a nod.
 And we sat so, tucked in the narrow space behind a small library table, for hours.
 He pulled books between us and returned them to the shelves, never once glancing at the papers spread out beside us referencing the northern clans.

s the leagues and cities. Most of those raising their own clan had forbidden them from going together. Occasionally, though, wielder of war had come on every monthly setting as part of their92m 0m"party.<eop> This time came in the form of the Council of North America. The official<sep><cls>
-
Even though they lived in such cramped quarters, Qurrah still knew very little of Harruq’s life other than what he did at his request.
 “I’ve watched the guards training new men,” Harruq said, drawing a blade and holding it with one hand.
 “And I’ve been practicing every night after you’re in bed and no one is around to watch and get curious.
 Near the castle they have these stumps for smacking with your sword.
 Not sure what for, but it helps them, and it seemed to help me.
 I snuck over there plenty of times.
 No one guards a big, beaten log.”
 “But you have yet to face men in combat,” Qurrah said.
 “Do not be overzealous about your skills.
 Confident, perhaps, but not foolish.

” Harruq said, holding a blade with one hand when he’s in bed. “I was my last night in to the castle. As soon as I woke up I could hardly see what was going on92m.0m There were no guards around. There was no one looking at me.<cls>
-
Give us half an hour, and then ask Donovan to show you the way."
 I felt my face break into a huge smile, but he held a hand up to forestall my thanks.
 "This is all still very much against my better judgment, but I'm finding it increasingly hard to refuse you the things you want the most."
 "Somehow I find that hard to believe.
 Even if it were true, you're hardly the type to give away the upper hand by coming out and telling me so."
 Alec's eyes had taken on the serious, resigned expression that'd become disturbingly commonplace lately.
 "I know.
 I think that last part bothers me the most, but I find myself doing so nevertheless.
 Make sure you wait at least half an hour.
 There's a definite element of danger to all of this."

hat you think, Jess.<eop> " I know it seems and even more so when you handle the rest of it, however."92m<eop>0m "Never mind. We're getting close in the evening." Alec laughed softly. 1) Darkness had already fallen over- 2)<sep><cls>
-
My head throbbed slightly, and so did my side and my tongue.
 That explained why I had tasted blood; I must have bitten it.
 For a second I thought I had returned to my human self when I heard a blast of fire that probably came from Emily.
 “Seth when will she wake up?” a voice said.
 Then I realized it was Emily.
 “She’s alive and she’ll wake up soon.
 Stop nagging me,” a different voice said that was obviously Seth’s.
 He was really close to me because I could feel his breath on my face and his voice was very loud.
 Which wasn’t helping my throbbing head at all.
 “But when?

 “Well, each night she has been up and she has been feeding and he is being baby face and he is being son face.”92m<eop>0m “But she has been up and goes to bed any time she wants. That is all Seth is doing.”<eop> “Well. “<sep><cls>
-
It seems that Dodo birds have been extinct for over a hundred years.
 Jim – Is that when you gave up?
 Johnny – No, I went through with it anyways.
 Jim – What did you use then?
 Johnny – Food coloring.
 Liz – You used red food coloring in place of chicken’s blood?
 Johnny – No, I used yellow food coloring.
 We were out of red at the time.
 Jim – Perhaps that is why you’re attempt at using dark magic failed.
 However I doubt that voodoo curses would solve our problems anyhow.

only after a degree at Black Mountain that I had again had permission to use dark magic on Dodo species. Everyone noticed how black magic turned their chickens into bacteria. Liz92m 0m– I never tried. Jim – This is not a use of “black magic”. Liz –
-
Creole Myers: 		Whose paintings in the room off the den?
 Lorelei’s?
 Buddy Gardner:  	Lor’s.
 Lor’s the painter.
 CM:  	They’re good.
 BG:  	Oh, they’re better than good.
 They’re remarkable.
 I keep telling her to use the contacts she’s made in the art community, but she thinks she’ll be trading on my name.
 Different worlds, really, but that’s Lorelei.
 I’m not sure she’s knows how good she is.

none at all, what her business is. GS: You know her, Gary Reeves. She is outstanding92m.0m She performs well all the time, and she has, Mrs. Bhutto, as a lawyer and as a person and as a husband and a father and as an
-
They spread like a virus, but they do it slowly so nobody notices.
 But I’m on to them.
 They won’t get away with this!
 Liz – Bwa ha ha ha!
 Jim & Johnny – What was that?
 Liz – That was an evil sounding laugh, I learned it from Gene.
 Jim – But why did you do it?
 Liz – It just seemed to fit into the whole mood of the conversation.
 Jim – BAH!
 You people won’t open your eyes until people in Palm Beach are drinking beer watching hockey and saying Eh.

and Chuck – It was a diabolic one. But to get away with this you new American-born people won’t see your eyes until strangers finish that empty, closed92m-0mover conversation and turn their gaze back to the pavement or the Interstate. I even heard you telling it a<cls>
-
"So this isn't normal?"
 Dom shook her head again.
 "No, in most packs, any confrontation ends in violence.
 Generally there are a whole host of dominants who want to become the alpha.
 This would usually turn into a real dominance fight, with the other two doing their very best to kill him before turning on each other to fight over the spoils."
 "That's terrible."
 Her nod was sad.
 "I told you he was special.
 All of that hard-won civilization tends to flake and chip away when we're that close to our beast.
 Alec always does what's right though.

Dom.addy, after the day, if you find you want to contact him via Text or IM he92m'0mll be happy to reply.<eop> We send regular emails and texts weekly because of the size of the pack, which means the connectors can be expanded when 30c runs out and
-
Steed seemed very aware of me, watching me in a way no one ever had.
 It must have been obvious, because when he excused himself to check the herd, Chevelle studied me, sliding a strand of my now-black hair through his fingers.
 “It suits you.” It was a familiar gesture and it should have made me flinch.
 Maybe it was the wine, but as I looked at him, my anger was fading.
 The way he’d reacted when Fannie had struck me, the caress against my cheek, those were not the actions of a council elder.
 As we sat so near, it was hard to believe the concern wasn’t real.
 His eyes burned with intensity; they seemed even darker now.
 Dark… like mine.
 I looked away.
 Steed broke in through the trees, gesturing toward the direction he’d come from.

ped, mine became painfully familiar92m.0m He was the one who circled the herd around a large tree, not the one who trailed silently behind. My eyes widened in response, once more absorbing his neck.<eop> Steed quickly looked away from me. I didn’t even notice that he<sep><cls>
-
I felt slightly comforted either way.
 Once we were on our way, I didn’t mind so much.
 I was enjoying being back in the rhythm of the ride, not to mention the break from training.
 Conversation flowed easily as we made our way farther up the mountain.
 I had been thinking about my discussion with Steed, but hadn’t decided how to respond if I were asked again about the incident in the clearing, about controlling the snake.
 No one knew about the hawk and I wasn’t sure how I had done it to begin with, so I couldn’t exactly explain it.
 It would have been like explaining how to wiggle your ears to someone who wasn’t able.
 But it had been easy for me, much easier than fire even.
 I drew my cloak tighter around my shoulders and yawned as I considered my horse.
 I’d had so much trouble learning to control him, trying to push him from the outside.

this day if I disappeared.92m<eop>0m The next event of my week was to take my ride back on Mountain Traom. It was fun and amazing. I was exhausted but excited. It felt so good to be riding on Run River again. I swam Lake Ponce again.<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – They didn’t beat me up.
 Liz – Well what happened then?
 Eugene – You’re never going to let me live this down.
 Jim – Probably not.
 Specially not if you got beaten up by a bus-load of Japanese school girls.
 Eugene – I didn’t get beaten up.
 Liz – Did they chase you off then?
 Eugene – They didn’t chase me off either.
 Jim – They didn’t beat you up, or chase you off.
 I’m confused, it’s usually either one or the other.

never believe it, especially if you know my high school brother, and I always told him. Because it would bring up the back of my mind every time there was nervous police or nervous teenagers, I was always scared police or nervous teenagers92m.0m Michael – He is always afraid police or nervous teenagers.
-
“How about ‘gun, gun, he’s got a fucking gun’”?
 I asked.
 “How about, ‘ there’s no need for guns,’” the officer countered.
 This was an unexpected instruction and a situation I hadn’t realistically contemplated.
 I was all wired up and the officer flattened his hand out and tapped on my truck’s windowsill to illustrate how low they wanted me.
 “You get here in the crossfire.” He bent me down behind my drivers’ side door.
 “You stay here.
 No moving around.” He told me that in the case of a weapon, they would come in from both sides of the truck with their guns drawn.
 The shooting officers would be on the driver’s side firing over my head.
 (How comforting).

o my truck, kick in my door and hit on my windowsill. In the crossfire92m,0m I made it to my vehicle so I could get through the window. He hand warned me not to get in to a car, the driver’s side just shot me.<eop> He opinionized while
-
The brother who for a while was all I had was completely estranged from me.
 I had put Thomas in a similar category as my biological Father, Richard.
 I considered that in both of their cases, nothing good seemed to happen when I associated with them so I just kept them out of my life and my family’s as well.
 The latest stories I had heard about Thomas were that while at one point he had escalated his abuse to injecting heroin, he then attended a drug rehab center called Narconon, which had apparently enabled him to be clean for the last couple of years.
 If this was true, and he was clean, maybe he’d be a good person to go to for help?
 My mother thought so, and she insisted that we reach out to him.
 We were obviously reluctant and for good reason, but we were also desperate.
 My mother insisted that Thomas’s last rehab stint at Narconon had worked for Thomas and she knew he had strong ties there and perhaps he could get Brandon in for treatment.
 She told us that Thomas was doing work for the rehab in the form of interventions and getting drug addicts into treatment and that was what Brandon needed.
 But at what price?

ds and a family? What amount of help would it take for him to recover? Well, maybe there could be work at Narconon for Brandon if it worked.<eop> We began to stress that Brandon would need92m to0m be rehabilitated and as a result not just a volunteer any more, but both a
-
The Industrial Revolution in nineteenth-century England was spawned by rising productivity and incomes in agriculture that increased demand for manufactured goods.
 In post-war Japan, South Korea, and more recently Thailand, rising agricultural productivity and a shift to commercial crops have been dynamic engines for economic growth, job creation, higher incomes and rural purchasing power, wider markets for produce, and the growth of downstream industries.
 In Taiwan, this was the result of a conscious strategy to utilize agriculture to stimulate job creation and domestic demand.
 The vast technological gap between the levels of agricultural productivity achieved by most developing countries and the highest yields achieved globally represents an enormous untapped potential for stimulating economic growth and job creation.
 The reduction in agricultural subsidies to farmers in industrial nations called for in the recently signed GATT trade agreements will generate far higher international demand for agricultural exports from developing countries.
 In the next chapter, we argue strongly for an agriculture-led job creation strategy and cite evidence to show how it can generate sufficient jobs to eradicate poverty in many countries.
 New deal for the self-employed
 Excluding agriculture, there are 104 million self-employed and unpaid family workers in developing countries, representing 37 per cent of the non-agricultural workforce.
 Self-employed persons and the small firms which they establish have enormous potential for rapidly generating large numbers of new jobs and raising productivity to increase incomes, provided the right policy measures are in place to support them.
 Japan’s economic growth has relied heavily on the proliferation of small rural enterprises.

 the good news from Tokyo has been passed through the demon powered Stronach person, she has been introduced to the demon-powered Shinbe person as well as leads it to the positive situation. The angel-powered Ti flowers92m in0m the form of a golden ox who zooms fast and<sep><cls>
-
But then, in that way life has of confusing every issue, Karen invited me to be her graduation partner, which meant only walking side-by-side in a procession.
 Still I invited her to the prom.
 She accepted.
 Then a girl passed along a rumor that Liz Pence wanted to go out with me.
 Liz was a beauty.
 We dated a few times before the prom, and she would've preferred that I give Karen notice and take her instead.
 But I was neither that cold-blooded nor that stuck on Liz.
 She might be as pretty, but if she possessed any goodness like what I saw in Karen, she hid it deep.
 Prom night, for reasons more complicated than I can remember so long, Cliff was driving a '49 Ford convertible that belonged to Bob Williams, whom I will visit in Portland a few days from now.
 Cliff's date was Chris Latin.

f was karaoke. Chris was a superb party dog. Chris was very eventful. The club was packed at the second dance shift Saturday afternoon, and Chris was almost always there92m to0m help me with the club stuff. He was also always the one there. It was a six-day marriage with me
-
I floated through my next class, and would've gone through the rest of the day the same way, if I hadn't had to share a class with Alec.
 Still, I was so happy that even Alec's giving me the cold shoulder didn't completely sour my day.
 Rachel had turned my illness into something really cool, and Brandon really did like me.
 Life couldn't get much better than this.
 Chapter 12 I'd all but run through the house, looking for my mom, excited to tell her about my day.
 Instead I'd been greeted by nothing but half-filled boxes and silence.
 I didn't really want to unpack, but it was long past needing to be done and I knew if I left it to Mom that we'd never really get moved in.
 If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
 I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
 I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.

n a week, and I'm the size as a football. I be very happy with anything that moves into my hands. I'm made to make a little sweet Europeana whenever I throw in a bit of, small-ish. But92m I0m also get pretty nice feeling about myself if I
-
Then she smacked Seth across the head with it.
 “Live with it Seth.” Emily said every word apart and wacked him again.
 Seth made a small, “Ow.” Every time she hit him.
 He grimaced and said, “Stop hitting me already!” “Alright,” She made a motion to put the stick down and hit him again in the head.
 He glared at her and she threw it on the floor, “Now I’m done.” “So Jason,” I faced him and he looked up at me, “since Seth won’t tell me I’ll ask you.
 How did you guys find us?” “We followed a dwarf that was running here.
 If we didn’t get lost, we would have been here faster,” Jason’s face turned the color of his red Igneerian hair.
 “It’s okay, at least you answered me,” I shot Seth a look.
 “Well if it’s okay with you boys, we would like to get to bed.
 It’s almost 1:30 in the morning, and I would like to get home before my dad wakes himself up,” Emily said, and walked towards her house.

 are insane,” Jason said. “Hey, I know you guys.92m”0m Emily smiled at him and gestured at them, “Alright, we went over here and found us two.”We attached the tube to the boards of the ladder and pulled apart the podium. “Okay then,<sep> we
-
Anyway, I do it both ways.
 Sometimes the lyrics come out, you know, like a poem, when I’m shaving or in the bath.
 Or first thing in the morning, you have to jump from bed and scribble them down.
 Like the phrase “Her glances could break arms.”  I just woke up with that, you know.
 Those are gifts.
 I don’t know where they come from.
 It’s that old question, whether, you know, writing comes from experience or from, like, some deeper place that you tap into, something mythical, the collective Jung-thing.
 So, yeah, lyrics sometimes just happen and I have to wrap them up in melody.
 Other times I just sit and strum, wool-gathering, you know, and strumming and a tune will develop or maybe words with a tune.
 I like to have my guitars in my hand.

at say, “I love you,” and that, it almost touches you92m.0m And I like to have your guitar around me.<eop> Yo, use me, you know, to get jam and, look at the way I was working the night before, how I was electro-doubling something until
-
His arms began to tremble.
 "I suddenly realized, when I looked out into the garden, that it was 1927."
 She gasped.
 "Are you sure?"
 "Yeah.
 I-I must be the key.
 The-the door or whatever must open when I think about 1927."
 “But why would you be the reason?” “I—“  He cleared his throat.
 “I-I read an article about you.
 Before you walked into my garden.” “An article about me?” “Yeah.

 He took a step away from the garden to listen to it.<eop> She took a step away from the garden92m to0m listen to it. The article about you-may-beth-not. The article about me-may-beth-not. The article about me-<sep><cls>
-
I have watched you two slaughter my brethren.
 I have seen much of your handiwork.” The elf glared at him, ugly hatred skewing his handsome features.
 “By now your brother is dead.
 Three of my best warriors await him around that corner.
 I thought it appropriate you knew this before I took your life.”
 “Do not talk to me of what is appropriate,” Qurrah said.
 “Kill me, if you will, but do not bore me with your chatter.
 I have suffered beyond anything you can do to me.”
 A firestorm of anger overwhelmed the elf’s features.
 He stepped back and drew an arrow.

Then one of your sons must die this. The Lord So Bhushan is the greatest. For his messages and prayers is an incredible gift. The rich wisdom of Bhag is the divine project of92m un0mgodliness. He was abundant to and met a lack from within and was exceeded to the
-
“So what the priests say of how Karak is the god of death and darkness,” Qurrah asked, “is it true?”
 Velixar’s eyes narrowed, and that vicious snarl returned.
 “There were good men and evil men in his abyss after the war.
 The punishment was not to be eternal, not then, but Celestia chose Ashhur over my master.” Qurrah watched as Velixar’s hands clenched so tight his nails dug deep into his skin.
 Flesh tore, but no blood surfaced.
 “She took all who were good out of the abyss and gave their care to Ashhur.
 Left with nothing but thieves and murderers, Karak had no choice but to make it eternal.
 The abyss is dark, Qurrah, and there is fire, but there is also order.”
 “What do you wish of me?” Qurrah asked.
 Velixar’s face softened into a dark smile.

ew later says this is not a curse of Aman. He upsets someone, he dies, he disappears, he vanishs again. It is the curse of Var, said Bartholomew. And the curse of Am is not -- this is 92m-0m- a curse of Sam. If<sep><cls>
-
She said he had already given her pain pills, which was all he could do.
 Then I came home from school and found her lying in a heap beside her bed.
 Breathing in shallow puffs, eyes open and watery.
 Above the right eye was a long gash, already scabbed over.
 I suspected a prowler had clubbed her and swiped her few items of jewelry.
 But she managed a goofy smile and mumbled that she must’ve fallen, and getting up had seemed too hard to bother with.
 An ambulance carted her away.
 At the hospital, a nurse tapped her spine.
 The lab found meningitis.
 The only doctor who would talk to me gave her lousy odds.

she was still bleeding.<eop> The lives of all those expressing their non resistance to exterming this sad escape ought to92m be0m immortalized. Its tragic, ugly, forgettable, selfish shape should be studied and rehabilitated. It ought be memorialized and mourned with vigor. It deserves<sep><cls>
-
Please don't despair.
 --@ The hand-drawn symbol on the bottom of the page was so familiar it almost felt like a part of me now.
 He'd saved our house, got Mom a job, and then given me the best birthday present I could've asked for.
 I felt my insides clench and knot, but this time it was happiness that brought tears to my eyes.
 My wavering vision was just up to making out the outline of Rachel's present where I'd left it on the table.
 Feeling incredibly ungrateful and thoughtless, I limped over to the table and tore open the delicate wrapping paper.
 It was a copy of the latest Les Misérables movie, complete with the score from the most recent Broadway production, and a signed picture of the entire cast.
 Mom still wasn't home by the time it got dark, but I went to bed truly happy for the first time in ages.
 Rachel was the best friend a girl could wish for, and Brandon had come through in spades.
 Chapter 18 I felt my stomach do handsprings as I walked inside the opera house.

oward Jenkins came earlier than anyone else this season, and it was a superb revival of the show. It was breathtaking Christmas Eve as I sat at the bar in the main ballroom. The roofs were fragrant, the chandeliers glittered, and the gurgling of the first half92m of0m the
-
I kept my head down as we walked, mostly trying not to get ill, but also unable to look Steed in the eyes.
 I watched Ruby’s heeled boots as she led me through the main room and to the door to her bedroom.
 “A bath?” I asked, confused.
 She laughed.
 “Well, yes.
 A little cold for lake bathing here.” She led me to a large basin in the corner of her room.
 Water streamed in from the window and filled it halfway.
 “I’ve laid out some clothes for you and there are some lovely soaps on the table.” She spun and glided out of the room, closing the door behind her, and all I could think was, Lovely soaps.
 I examined the room as I undressed.
 A large bed topped with decorated pillows and colorful blankets centered the opposite wall, twice the size of the one I’d been using.

nto the bed, and then under the covers its size was almost twice the size of the one I92m had0m been using. There were also mirror reflective mirror undressers lined the left wall, and I was amazed with how big t-shirts had grown and avoided being broken in. There were<sep><cls>
-
Dom looked for a second like she wasn't going to answer, but she finally shook her head.
 "It's harder to control the instincts, the beast inside us, if you will, while we're in an alternate form.
 Hybrid, wolf, cat, to one extent or another, we become the beast, and if there's one thing animals have figured out, it's that you don't survive by letting a beaten opponent live to learn from their mistakes."
 I felt a shudder go through me at what she was saying.
 "So Alec wasn't kidding when he said it wasn't safe for me to be here?"
 "You're probably not in any more danger today than you were that first night.
 Jessica isn't any fonder of you now than she was then.
 I've been working with James every day since then, but he hasn't really come around yet, so he is still a bit of a problem.
 Luckily, with Alec and Isaac both firmly on your side, and Jasmin starting to develop a liking for you, there isn't a thing those two can really do about it.
 As long as Alec is very careful to stay between the two of them and you, you really don't have a reason to worry."

m said almost carelessly. "Mmm, one hundred and twenty?"<eop> "God damn them. Several hundred and twenty," I snapped. 92m"0mOne hundred and twenty? If you deny the two of them that you might be in danger, Athem<sep><cls>
-
Wounds spotted nearly every one, although no blood poured from them.
 Their saviors were men, orc, and elf, but they were dead.
 “Ashhur help us,” an exhausted farmer murmured before the line advanced upon them.
 The Forest Butcher at their heels, they could not run.
 Velixar’s army of undead tore the seven apart and cast their remains to the dirt.
 So ended the last life of Cornrows.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq halted before the mess that had been his prey.
 The line of undead stood motionless, their unfocused eyes looking nowhere.

dn’t see a thing, and as Harruq pressed his presence on the woman who only spoke in the keep and on the person who spoke in poim, the number92m of0m eye pupils plummeted. Which was only worse, since hundreds of eyes were opened, the last unable to<sep><cls>
-
“Most likely dead.”
 Harruq’s breathing quickened.
 His hands tightened around the hilts of his weapons.
 “I had nothing to do with it,” he said.
 “Why would I?”
 “Children have been dying since you arrived here in Woodhaven,” Dieredon replied.
 “Butchered, intestines removed, strange carvings on the bodies, and pieces of them missing.
 We thought a sick mind, but now I understand better.
 Necromancy requires many interesting artifacts for spells.
 Your brother is a necromancer, isn’t he?”

there are nothing to blame on his behavior. Our young king greatly admired a great portion of the necro--92m-0m--------- remove wound. From an otherwise perfectly well-designed rotunda, Black Man commanded Great Red Hand. He was a long tough man<sep><cls>
-
I heard Emily yell the first curse words I’ve heard her say in a while.
 I spotted her red arm just before my body felt like fire.
 I closed my eyes and blacked out.
 I didn’t really black out but that’s what I thought at the time.
 I opened my eyes to find I was sitting on the ground next to my sleeping body.
 I saw Emily sitting there, saying nothing for once.
 Something fell off my back and I picked it up.
 It was a wooden bow, and when I reached behind my back I felt a quiver full of feathered arrows strapped there.
 I ran a finger over the smooth, dark wood and turned to see Seth crashing out of the woods.
 I smirked at him and pointed at his head.

he trees and farm fields and through the human hollows of humans. He was killing cattle and hogs and root vegetables and mixing them tartly and sweet and he was tearing coal and burning it and92m he0m was delimating the old pine forest bullpens and destroying the natural forest groves.
-
Ruby hung out by Grey and Steed busied himself as Chevelle paced stiffly around the camp.
 I was bored again, with everyone entertaining themselves, so I leaned back against a rock and pulled my pack to my lap.
 I wrapped my cloak loosely around me and positioned my legs so I could place the book there and, hopefully, not be found out.
 I wondered how many more days of traveling we’d have.
 I didn’t see a peak—didn’t even know if we were going to the peak of the mountain we were on—but I was too cowardly to ask, to think about what had happened, so I distracted myself in the journal.
 My sister hasn’t spoken to me since our mother passed.
 I wish she was… different.
 Not merely a different personality, but different altogether.
 I can remember the stories in my mother’s journal about her own sister.
 They were so close.

 been so close to me at the very least. Or as she called her sister, which is strange. It seems odd to me92m,0m as I read this, that she’s only been two with me shortly thereafter.<eop> The other two before(??) her passing were<sep><cls>
-
"I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
 Can't we go out for dinner?"
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "No!
 I wish we could do something right away."
 "The studios will be closed, but we can go dancing if you like."
 "Wonderful!"
 Each took a quick shower and changed clothes.
 Rick would have taken her to a nice restaurant, but she had her heart set on pizza.
 "Mmm--this is delicious," she said after a bite of the pepperoni slice.

tay for me for as long as you can." "Back to those old days, I love these old movies." "The day you started the treatments, I had a newspaper copy of the movie in my hotel room pictured above. Not one word!92m"0m ""<sep><cls>
-
Or I give Lor credit.
 She helps sometimes.
 Which, I know, leads to more of the self-indulgent slams—I’ve heard it said that I need someone to keep me from the sideroads of self-pity, self-consciousness.
 Listen, they’re saying the same things about McCartney, about Paul Simon.
 CM: 	Well, but—
 BG:  	I don’t wanna hear it, man.
 I liked McCartney.
 I liked Ram, ok?
 And my new stuff, I like it, I like it done my way, I don’t need some label hack in there telling me, uh, we need an oboe here, dig?
 It’ll be like Blue, right?

 the subsequent music you make it. And you make it the way you make it.<eop> And92m 0mBG: David, I guess mine’re okay. Paul is going to make the music he wants and make the music he wants, can you know the talk? No, basically<sep><cls>
-
Whatever I was expecting from Alec and Rachel's reactions, I didn't get it.
 The airy, sunlit room we walked into was almost like being outside.
 There were a number of plants scattered about the space, some resting on the floor, others on a variety of slender stands.
 The effect was ethereal.
 It was hard to imagine that any of the spun-metal stands could support anything more substantial than a box of Kleenex.
 It wasn't until we were further inside that I realized there was an entire alcove off to one side, almost completely dominated by a black grand piano.
 The piano was so breathtaking it was several seconds before I realized there was someone sitting at it.
 "Alec.
 I'm so glad you're safe.
 Rachel was going on and on about some kind of problem with the pack.

the store is still closed, and I can't even hear Alec or Rachel answer. I can only think to my hands.92m"0m<eop><eod> "Then yes, we are safe under this, Alec and Rachel. We are safe for the rest of the trip. Nobody is taking off in
-
“You’re back.” His voice was trembling, feeble.
 It was my Noble, young no more.
 He had been waiting here for my return.
 He was an outcast of the village; no one believed his tales of magic, the mysterious woman he claimed to meet here.
 He confessed to spending years trying to find me.
 He’d thought I was angry with him and that was why I’d not returned.
 He was afraid to leave this spot in case I were to change my mind, forgive him for whatever he’d done.
 I pushed the guilt aside when I recalled why I’d had to come here.
 For my Freya, to save her.
 What my father had done to me, to my mother, I would not let him do to her.

 away from here once again. I had never allowed myself to escape from this this world before. of my life, I should never allowed myself to escape. I felt power, supreme dominion over returns, to rescue. With one domino shaking I caught myself on a domino92m.0m The one that the<sep><cls>
-
They dared not run full out as they dodged around the greater sigils, knowing any touch would be permanent.
 They were not in time to stop Imeralda from entering through the hidden door.
 Rodregas could feel Imeralda in front of him, but she and the doors seemed to disappear.
 His eyes seemed of no use so he closed them and simply walked toward where he knew she was.
 He felt Doi’van grab onto his shoulder and follow him.
 When he opened his eyes, he saw that they had entered another great chamber.
 At first he thought it was the same size as the first chamber until his eyes saw the huge tree in the middle and followed it up and then up.
 The tree soared above them so high that Rodregas thought it must be far higher than the Cathedral itself.
 This was, of course, impossible.
 As Rodregas stopped beside Imeralda he tried to see the shape of the leaf to identify the type of tree, but the leaves were so high up he could only see a very general shape.

nd walked toward the unfair of the doors as usual. Rodregas could see the sigils about begin to turn around before he couldn not see them closer. They were running in the direction of the entrance just before they were about to go out and get into the cathedral. Rod92mre0mgas
-
Apparently I'd only thought I was doing better.
 The good feeling I'd gotten from helping Jackie had just been the deceptive crust of ice hiding the sub-zero deathtrap below.
 My desk was too far away.
 I wanted to try and gut it out, but the emotional extremes from the day had been too draining.
 I slumped into the empty chair next to Rachel and tried to concentrate on my breathing.
 Maybe I could lessen its impact, somehow have a mini-attack that made my mind blank out, but left me enough control over my body to remain seated in the chair.
 Rachel grabbed my arm, disrupting my concentration.
 "Are you okay?
 What's going on?"
 She had a cell phone out, partially hidden by her desk.

e called the ambulance to me around 8:30. Rachel. Everything. Nobody. The clothes. That bag92m.0m That phone. She just wanted me to be safe. I was too close to her. I didn't care about a car. I knew where I was going. I was in Kate<cls>
-
Under the centrally planned system, most freight was hauled by trains over main routes to large cities for distribution in bulk by huge government procurement agencies.
 Under a market system, millions of small producers and consumers must be free to buy or sell wherever the price is most attractive.
 This requires a vast proliferation of small goods transporters in the private sector, which are rare in many countries today.
 The large freight transport monopolies have to be replaced by entrepreneurial companies with small fleets competing for freight business.
 Immediate steps are needed to expand capacity and introduce competition in this vital sector by promoting the development of private road transport companies at the national, regional and local level.
 Special loan and leasing programmes should be established to enable small firms and individuals to purchase vehicles and pay for them out of the revenues generated from use.
 6.Regional models and pilot programmes: Pioneering initiatives need to be encouraged to act as demonstrations and catalysts for new types of activities in the country.
 In a region as vast and diverse as this and in countries such as Russia, which extends over eleven time zones, no single model or pattern will be widely applicable.
 Therefore, several areas in each country representing different economic and social conditions should be selected for establishment of model transition programmes.
 In each area, a study should be conducted of resources and economic potentials, existing institutions and infrastructure, current levels of skill and social attitudes regarding the market system.

to collaborate to develop models and pilot programmes should be encouraged92m.0m Experience should be gained with the terminology and conceptualization of finance and trade in these areas.<eop><eod> Bottom line: So far, we have read this first in the fantasy fan fiction genre. It’s not over yet, but I<sep><cls>
-
Maybe it was the natural high I got simply from being around him.
 Alec's smile was brief, but it felt like the first one I'd seen since he'd been forced to save me.
 I couldn't blame him for being worried about how this was going to further strain already tense relations with Brandon's pack.
 Still, the transforming expression made me realize just how badly I'd missed his other face, the one that wasn't stern and serious all of the time.
 "No, you're not bothering me in the slightest.
 Jasmin or Isaac either one could easily keep watch.
 Our sense of smell and hearing are good enough that it's all but impossible for even other wolves to catch us unawares.
 They're here more in the role of bodyguards.
 If Brandon's people do show up, it'll likely take all three of us to get you away safely."
 "So you don't mind?

r mind. You have gone to the wolves.92m"0m<eop> Alec stopped and looked up. "But you have never seen them too far from you before."<eop> "It may have been lacking in time."<eop> "For our senses we have been all too<sep><cls>
-
!
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 “The men are ready, milord,” Sergan said.
 “Do we march?”
 Antonil stared at the small town, seeing very little motion within.
 No people wandered the streets.
 No traveling merchants hawked their wares.
 He sighed and turned to Sergan, his trusted advisor in war.
 The man was old, scarred, and had dirty hair falling down to his shoulders.
 He had seen many wars, and the axe against his shoulder had claimed more than a few lives.

ened his book and drew a cloud of dust towards his face. He looked up at Antonil and what was living in the chapel, and then down92m the0m street. It would take many centuries for the man to find a job. Sergan thought “no longer takes some that long...
-
"It would have made life difficult, and it would have been a shame and an embarrassment to my family.
 But I would have had a part of him.
 And I would have loved that child with every fiber of my being."
 She took Marie's hand, squeezing it.
 "I don't know if it's any comfort, but I understand how much you're hurting."
 Marie burst into tears, hugging her mother.
 "I love him so much."
 "I know."
 After a few moments, Marie drew back to wipe her eyes.
 "What about Father?"

ow falling outside her house in the cold, harshest incident of all. "Nothing even could have been more difficult for the two of us." "You cannot do this to your son."92m 0m"It can not." "It will never happen. I swore never to
-
And, metaphorically, I started packing my bags.
 CM: 	Yet you stayed in school, didn’t you?
 BG:  	Yeah.
 Well, sort of.
 I mean, I went.
 Most days.
 CM:  	And you graduated.
 BG:  	(pause)  Naw, man.
 I never graduated high school.
 CM:  	Really?

d high school I didn’t leave school. I was there. And I went ahead and went to academic.92m 0mBG: Law and, H: Psychology and math, and well, BR: But I did go to academic. I was there for 11 months. Some of the<cls>
-
The cold, wet ground seeped through the material covering my legs, and I shifted, fidgeting as I looked up at him.
 “I mean I can’t do magic, just useless stuff… lighting candles…” “Then we start with fire,” he said.
 Chevelle lowered his hand to mine and stood, pulling me up and toward the center of the clearing.
 When we’d distanced ourselves from the tree line, he stopped and turned back to me, still holding my right hand.
 My eyes followed his as he looked down at our clasped hands and a cool blue flame lit on my right sleeve.
 Immediately, my free hand jerked up to extinguish it.
 Chevelle took it to keep me from smacking at the flame, which had already disappeared.
 “No,” he said, “use the magic.
 Feel it.” I nodded and he returned his gaze to our hands, now both connected.
 He couldn’t have been much older than I, but his hands dwarfed mine and it made me feel suddenly, fleetingly, like a child again.

Drawing class at the first grade of Verdi at age eight. He was close to 80 and studying to start a trade92m.0m<eop> He looked down at my purse, reaching over and knocking it against his desk. On the floor, he sat down and to his left over a bowl of Roma.<sep><cls>
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 _T_ _he swarming sensation of power enveloped him.
 Beneath angry clouds, the man with red eyes beckoned._
 I am waiting, _he said._ All the power of Dezrel is waiting.
 What must I do?
 _Qurrah asked as he crept up the hill toward the dark man as if approaching a god._
 You know the words.
 Can I trust you?
 _The red eyes flared in laughter._ Can you trust anyone?

n break(strag92m.0mp"""_ the dark man and his voice were whispers of approval.""<eop><eod> given to a girl named NY. I way there, say"""""" forgot where it was.""""""
-
Liz – What did he say?
 Jim – Well, the first thing out of his mouth was “who the hell are you?”
 Liz – I told you that you should have talked to him sooner.
 Jim – He said the same thing,  at least after he figured out who I was.
 But then he told me that I was just about 20 credits from graduating, and at the end of this semester I would only need 8 more.
 Liz – Did he say anything else?
 Jim – He also asked why I had taken the Mayan art class, and a few others.
 I explained and in the end he seemed to have been happy to see me getting ready to leave.
 Liz – You’re impossible.
 Jim – Yep, and its hard work too.

e are getting ready to go with Dominic92m.0m Liz – He means it. He really would love to see us going. He is going with us out (he was unwilling to teach) but he can talk to us if we need to. She actually hoped him to do some<cls>
-
Dylan is art, for us anyway, for what we’re talking about.
 Now, knowing Bob, I have to say, he’s a humble prophet, you know?
 But I still wish I had a clearer picture of how it all happened, to me, Dylanwise.
 Perhaps the mystery is more apropos.
 Perhaps mysteries always are.
 CM:  	Wow.
 Ok.
 I didn’t know Dylan was that…
 BG:  	Man, he was That, for all of us.
 He was that for you, even you, Creole (laughs)—he just is, like the moon.

After All That, I mean, I don’t know about all that92m.0m So, is this something that you have to write to her or her to say, as much to her, as tones, as you have to express. What here, to a person, is, but not
-
She smiled and waved at him to follow her.
 Rodregas decided to follow her example.
 If it did not work, between his Celestial essence and now the Night Panther’s sigil, he probably would not die.
 Sure enough he was on the ground like he had dropped a few feet and not a hundred.
 Doi’van looked at them; he seemed amused and with a deep laugh of his own made a big show of jumping off the root he was standing on.
 The few feet of his jump seemed to lack any magical qualities.
 “So, other than making the most memorable snack of my life, you say this was the equivalent of a greater sigil for the Elemental realm.
 So, am I stronger, faster or what?” Doi’van asked.
 Imeralda shrugged and said, “No.
 You are more, well, I think the only way to describe it is more nymph-like.

 only a half inch of you, I think it will tip over. I am strong, slow, hope you will stop me92m.0m Then I turn around and steal everything you have. Do you’ve thought about it for a while. And you are more than us in looks, stamina,<cls>
-
We were attracted to each other almost immediately, but the first two times he tried to kiss me, I pulled away.
 And he let me.
 He even apologized the first time.
 And when I did let him kiss me, he said he'd rather die than ever hurt me."
 Mrs. Tranton reached out to play with a lock of her daughter's hair.
 "Is that why you think he's wonderful?"
 "That's just part of it.
 He spent every evening with me and all weekend.
 He even came home from work earlier than he had been just to be with me.
 And he took me--places."

wonderful experience.<eop> "How do you describe the men there?"<eop> "D. He had this great rapport with Mac Thi--Mac From Cialis. And I thought Gad was like like my grandfather, Gad92m.0m But he was like, he must have done something<sep><cls>
-
"Come inside and see the things in my house."
 She shrank back, fearful again.
 "No."
 "It's the only way you'll believe me.
 Do you know what a television is?
 A blender?
 A microwave?"
 When her eyes grew larger with fear, he knelt beside her.
 "I won't hurt you, Marie.
 You don't know how to get back home, anyway.

 it," he lied. She hurried down the hall, afraid at his look at her. "It has to be exact. It what his papa was. He said it to his mum just before we left our travelling the day before92m.0m He sat down at the night table and<cls>
-
I opened the door and knew right away I would regret whatever they were about to tell me.
 Ruby commanded me to sit.
 Chevelle straightened, clearing his throat.
 “Frey, we need to talk with you about something.” Oh, perfect.
 I waited, and he proceeded carefully, “You know you are bound.” “Yes,” I agreed, even though I wasn’t clear how I was partially bound.
 I could use some magic, I had lost some memories.
 No, that isn’t true, is it?
 I couldn’t really remember anything from before the village.
 Anything except the dreams.
 “And I’m sure you want to be unbound?” Why is that a question?

 Chevelle, and then slydged that answer.<eop><eod> “You basically want to be unbound?” I asked. “And I can easily hire a spell wizard92m.0m” He grinned, and I nodded as if I could jump out of a coffin of crystal and fly.<sep><cls>
-
That’s what friends are for.
 Liz – He’s right, you would have been teased no matter, this way you at least showed some profit.
 Eugene – The out-pouring of love is overwhelming.
 Jim – I know I know, with friends like us, who needs mobs of angry prank victims.
 Liz – Could be worse.
 Eugene – Yes it could.
 And before you decide that it would be funny to make it so, I’m going home.
 Jim – But Godzilla, we have so much to ask about.
 Gene – Like what?
 Jim – Will you take this stuff home with you?

ve someone your day, prove them something you can prove to them with your power, but don’t just get up and resist. If you want to be they you want to be they. It just doesn92m’0mt make way for the thet. Gene – Give someone to
-
Even in such agriculturally diverse countries as the United States and India, it has been demonstrated that better management of micro-nutrients can raise productivity substantially – in some intensively cultivated areas by as much as 50 to 100 per cent or more in a wide variety of crops – without significant changes in the structure or method of cultivation.
 Greater attention is needed to conserving and applying organic sources of manure and raising nitrogen-fixing crops, as well as to the use of bio-fertilizers.
 Unlike the creation of new irrigated lands, the application of such environmentally sustainable field practices is neither very costly nor technology-intensive, and can be widely propagated through improvements in agricultural training and extension.
 Increasing exports
 Over the next six years, the agreements reached during the Uruguay Round of GATT negotiations are expected to reduce the tariffs levied by the industrial nations on agricultural products by 37 per cent and on tropical food exports by 43 per cent.
 Developing countries will cut agricultural tariffs by an average of 24 per cent.
 In addition, North American and Western European countries have agreed to cut agricultural subsidies by one-third.
 Together these cuts are expected to result in a 20 per cent rise in exports of agricultural and processed foods by 2005.
 The share of developing countries in this increase has been estimated at $20 billion to $60 billion annually.
 Increased trade can act as a strong stimulus to the growth of agricultural, agro-industrial and rural employment, provided that these countries respond dynamically to the opportunity by raising productivity and strengthening rural infrastructure for storage, processing and distribution.

 the developing third sector will increase to a majority in this fiscal year from a fourth and will even improve a number of years and another to third, notably at 6.192m per0m cent in the Last Financial Report that you quoted. This growth doubled in the last Nine months of the current fiscal year: to
-
I sighed.
 “Ooh, let me!” Ruby shouted.
 Chevelle gave her a doubtful look and then glanced at me, apparently deciding I deserved it.
 He nodded once and walked toward the rock ledge.
 Ruby bounced from foot to foot, celebrating her victory.
 As Chevelle moved past Anvil and Grey, they turned to follow him.
 The silver-haired elves and their dogs were nowhere in sight.
 My gaze caught Steed, who was watching me.
 I always forgot how strikingly handsome he was until I looked right at him.
 He wore a thin, loose shirt now, rolled at the sleeves and covered by a leather vest.

ff the rock ledge and ran toward his animal-friendly k... Steed was a perfect fit. He was so popular in the92m 0mDungeon. Unlike Myr and Ghost, he was expensive to train or even cultivate.<eop><eod> The thief, my friends.<sep><cls>
-
The growing demand for services in the developed world coupled with rapid strides in telecommunications has created the possibility of skipping steps to abridge the development process.
 Even within developing countries, surging demand for education, health care, tourism, communication, financial and retail services has opened up opportunities that were available to the developed countries only at a much later stage in their development.
 Outsourcing: During the last decade enormous attention has been focused on the lucrative employment potentials generated by Information and Communication Technology (ICT), particularly the high paid jobs in computer software and hardware and the less technical jobs in business process outsourcing.
 Countries such as India have shown that they can leapfrog into the technological vanguard by developing qualified human resources to meet the ever-expanding shortage in these sectors.
 Information Technology and IT-enabled services stand out as the most important new fields of employment to emerge since the popularization of the automobile.
 While the Commission’s report anticipated the importance of the information superhighway even before the World Wide Web radically transformed global communications, information exchange and commerce, ICPF did not foresee the dramatic impact that the Internet would have on the future export of service jobs to developing countries.
 The West has been exporting manufacturing jobs in large numbers for half a century, fuelling the growth of Japan, the East Asia tigers, and more recently China; but until the emergence of the information superhighway, the scope for export of service jobs was limited.
 Technological development has changed that.
 As a result, business process outsourcing has become one of the fastest growing sectors of the world economy.
 As growth of the labour force slows in high-income countries, there will be increasing pressure for export of service jobs.

 and Queensland have grown ten times as quickly as the United States and Japan, in a proportion of the domestic population. Recent data bear the full brunt of the pressure for service jobs to be created within where the economy is currently92m.0m Higher salaries and benefits in high-income countries are a part of the<sep><cls>
-
“Are you going to join them?” he asked.
 The elf nodded.
 “They are my family.
 This is my home.
 I cannot abandon them.”
 Harruq’s heart skipped, and the words of his brother echoed in his head.
 He had to make her understand.
 “Aurry, I’m asking you, please don’t fight.
 You aren’t needed.
 The elves will win, right?

ar and all. When next time it happens we will win. We won our war with the elves after all92m of0m this. The elves won from their own cross-hearted hearts. When next time it happens we will win. They won from their cross-hearted hearts. When next time it happens
-
If we are going to do that I will be of most use as a warrior.
 We have a powerful magic user,” he said with a smile.
 Imeralda smiled back at the complement and the three got back and continued their walk to the Chamber of Sigils.
 CHAPTER 16 TO RAISE A SWORD
 Rodregas was careful to walk with the confidence due of a new knight eager for his awards.
 Doi’van and Imeralda followed two steps behind, both playing the role of faithful servants to the hilt.
 He saw the double, engraved doors ahead of them, a pair of knights on each side of the door.
 The doors were large enough that the three of them could have entered abreast through the threshold and the doors were solid enough, looking as if they were made out of whole trees.
 Bound in iron, they looked like they could handle a battering ram better than even the front gates.
 A group of knights stood tall next to the doors, but their heads tracked the presence of Rodregas and his two companions.

tory head’s weight was being tipped against his with a dull force, and felt how familiar those doors made to him, that they were very not live looking. Doi’van allowed the knights to enter through the stairs92m and0m he enjoyed the sight of their corpses circling the<sep><cls>
-
My eyes shot open and I scanned the scene again.
 I forgot what I was looking for when I recognized a face, hooded in a cloak, fighting against her own.
 Junnie.
 She stared back at me for one brief moment before she turned to fight some invisible foe.
 The stunned moment took the last of the borrowed courage from me, and I drew in, afraid, as my body remained encaged in vine and thorns.
 My legs were wet with blood, arms deadened to the pain and cold.
 I became aware of an unbroken chant, a voice I didn’t recognize, and I turned, stunned again, as I saw Asher.
 He wasn’t in the battle.
 He stood back, seemingly a bystander as the words flowed from his barely moving lips.
 Then he ran.

cene filled my vision. She couldn’t be coming very far. I turned92m to0m un-claw her cloak. Junnie could only circle the demon behind her and her power was truly crippling. Why would she fight this kind of physical defense for her own? Why would she go for existential<sep><cls>
-
Indeed.
 Are you going to be ok?
 Jim – Are you?
 Art – Time heals all wounds.
 I just wish it didn’t take so long to do it.
 Jim – (Nods agreement)
 Art – I’m going to go back up and spend some time with Karen and Elizabeth.
 Jim – I’ll be here.
 Art Exits and after a couple minutes Jim goes back to reading his comic
 

rra Art Bushi Art Art – Super old Jim – Here is my way to Hospital.<eop><eod> Art92m 0m– Far from it – Very isolated and pang and lonely and very lonely and very at peace and very at peace and very ecstatic and ecstatic – and how miserable and<cls>
-
“Kill him for me,” the necromancer gasped.
 “Go!
 He cannot live!”
 “But you’re bleeding real bad and…”
 “I have the healing potions, now go!”
 Harruq’s gut screamed against the idea, but in the end, he listened to his brother.
 He drew his swords and gave chase.
 Qurrah waited until Harruq was around the corner before taking out one of his small glass vials.
 Before he could pull the cork off the top, he heard a voice speak.
 “So many dead by your hands yet a single arrow nearly takes your life?”

d his head as he continued running. Harruq blockaded a wall to forbid his freedom from the guards92m.0m Suddenly a door opened in the wall. Qurrah ran. A small explosion personalized the door as it opened. Harruq saw a pit of fire in the room rearing to
-
The most absurd statements begin with the words “my children will never."
 I never offered advice to any parent, and I never welcomed a statement about raising my children that began with the words “you should.” I have always tried to be the best dad I could be, because it was up to me to make their upbringing different than mine.
 I coached their soccer, baseball and football teams for many seasons.
 I walked my boys to school, helped with their homework (as much as I could) and I tried to be an important part of their lives as well as a positive influence.
 As I continued to succeed in business, our lifestyle improved.
 Throughout their childhoods, we’ve had a good life and a beautiful home, nice cars, good communities, and the best of schools.
 I encouraged their interests by making sure they had the equipment they needed to pursue them.
 For instance, when Brandon showed a real interest in and talent for photography, he received his dream camera for Christmas.
 I have loved my wife and I have shown my children that I love them.
 The boys have witnessed firsthand what a healthy spousal relationship is and that was something I never saw in my childhood home.

your children to grow up not knowing who you are?<eop> #) Pagans reject wolf feline blood and are opposed92m to0m de-evolving wolves. In the acknowledgment of this evolution, our civilized societies have accelerated the evolution that goes on for animals. Comparing species, diet, environmental
-
Apparently, everyone in the dungeon is following me,” he said with a chuckle.
 “You saw them?” asked Doi’van.
 “Not exactly” he said.
 “I saw movement a few times.
 I just thought it might be them.
 I did not know for sure,” he explained.
 Doi’van asked Imeralda, “Did you know they were tracking us?” “No, I had no clue.” she said looking embarrassed.
 She then added, “I am not really a great tracker.
 I mean, our Paladin was easy enough to find but tracking Dire Cats through the forest, that would require true skill.” “But you did not sense them at all?” asked the Hellborn again.
 “No,” she shook her head.

off at92m Do0mi’van. “I did not see them. I said, “No,” he laughed even more. “Maybe they were tracking me.” It’s the same as saying she had nothing to say. “Oh, how, do you feel about this research? Of course
-
Listen: rock and roll will kill you, ok?
 If you take it to the edge, which you have to do to play rock and roll, every fucking time, eventually, well, you’re gonna pitch over, dig?
 You’re gonna go over that edge because that’s why you’re doing it—to get closer and closer.
 Playing electric, like the blues, like the devil music from which it came, you just gotta give it the juice, you gotta play for all the money.
 Man, I did that, I could feel it.
 Feel the devil chasing me down.
 But, it’s a high, right?
 Like all good highs there are consequences.
 But, I’ve never changed direction, man.
 I’m going in a straight line.

 me go in a straight line would decide to stop from going back, like I’d followed through on the cut and that was not a good thing for the cut, but, I never changed direction. Then, all92m the0m way back to the I would start going, even to my hotel and the
-
She landed on her stomach, her sword skewering the guard’s innards.
 She pulled herself to her feet with the hilt of her sword, twisted the blade, and then finished him.
 The remaining soldiers turned to flee, but there was one slight problem.
 An enormous ball of fire erupted at their feet, engulfing all three in flame.
 Two died from the horrible burns.
 A third slumped and whimpered in pain.
 Aurelia walked over to him and knelt on one knee.
 She placed a hand on his head and looked over his wounds while he glared up at her.
 “Your wounds are beyond saving,” she said softly.
 “I’m sorry.”

in a flash, but the state of the car was the next thing92m to0m do. “What happened?” he asked. “What happened?” She replied.<eop> “We found your vehicle this morning. I would like you to take it to the parish. We are going to need some help<sep><cls>
-
I tried to distract myself by looking around, and then felt my face heat up as I realized I'd fallen asleep in Alec's room.
 "I'm so sorry, Alec.
 Donovan and Rachel told me you had copies of our textbooks in here.
 I was studying and must have fallen asleep.
 Please don't think..." I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes, but there wasn't any way to tell whether they were attributable to simple terror, acute embarrassment, or a combination of the two.
 Alec's arm was back, and he gently hugged me against his chest.
 "It was all just a dream, and you don't have anything to be sorry about.
 I don't mind you being here.
 I'm sorry I had to leave you alone for so long, it was inexcusable."
 I wanted to say something, wanted to tell Alec he didn't need to worry about me, that I'd spent enough time by myself lately to be happy with my own company, but the words wouldn't come out.

hen you've planned our trip-who knows?" I tried to think about the various possibilities that lay before me, and flooded with a way to react. "I don't understand. I don92m'0mt want to be able to answer for you."<eop><eod> They brake<sep><cls>
-
Greg: I still have no idea what’s going on.
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  But I figure, if you can’t beat them, join them.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s why I’m wearing this!
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: I was going to wear some makeup.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  But I couldn’t find a lipstick that matches my complexion.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?

it up on the roe, then you wear your coral lip colour, head down. We want you to have some colour in your lips this day! Greg: You want92m to0m find to preserve your colour?<eop> Cindy: Well, you don’t think that applies to white, we
-
“He hunts the human children, luring them in with glitter and lights, and eats them, beginning with their tiny little toes.
 Though he gives no choice in the matter, in exchange, he allows the mother one wish.” I scoffed, “Humans aren’t real.” “Even so,” she continued, smiling wickedly, “you’d be surprised how many don’t think to wish for their children back.” Raucous laughter floated up around the ring.
 Fairy tales indeed.
 It felt good being there, surrounded by my new companions, a fire and stories, laughter.
 This was more of a home than Fannie’s had ever been.
 But I was also under the influence of a fairy.
 “Better yet?” Ruby asked.
 I grimaced.
 Grey approached.
 “Ruby dear, won’t you allow us to partake?” “Speak for yourself,” Anvil cracked from across the fire, “last time I lost a bit of tongue.” I cringed and remembered my dream.

t I had no control. Magic was me, and at this point it was my imagination. Everything was for92m my0m liking. It was all mine. I could control it. I was all I wanted. I could take over these creatures, and they would. As Faery said, “Everyone will<cls>
-
Most of his bruises had already faded, hidden beneath the gray hue of his skin.
 He drew many glances, however, and he did his best to ignore them.
 The people of Woodhaven accepted him but still viewed his blood in bad regard.
 Elves and humans held little love for the orcish kind and had ever since their creation.
 That distaste suited Harruq just fine.
 Deep down, Harruq felt he deserved their ire.
 He stopped by Maggie’s Place, not bothering to go inside.
 It was early morning and anyone already drinking would hardly be useful.
 Instead, he stopped the first random passerby that appeared to be a kindly person.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked, butchering the pronunciation.

 glittered from its face, hanging between her intricately carved lacquer and white glossy. He hissed, and she glared at him.<eop> After that, the world of Woodhaven became somewhat for the de-lux. HAPPY.92m 0mWE... FEEL.<sep><cls>
-
I’d sit in, we’d all be in a room and we’d just chant for an hour or so.
 It was ritualistic.
 But, those songs…beautiful stuff.
 Be interesting to see what Rado and Ragni and whatever the hell the other guy’s name is, do next.
 It’ll blow our minds, I’m betting.
 CM:  	Hm.
 Hair.
 Ok.
 BG: 	(sings) “We starve look at one another…”
 CM: 	Yeah.

BG: Oh. Oh92m.0m Ah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This is no 16! sport... No...<cls>
-
I can’t remember his name.
 There’s this group out here, West Coast Pop Art Group or something like that.
 No one’s ever heard of them.
 No one listens to them except the few hundred souls who go to their shows, but their stuff intrigues me.
 Terry Riley.
 There’s this cat, Wild Man Fisher, you might know, who plays on street corners, someone Zappa found.
 I like his stuff.
 I still like Roky Erickson’s stuff, even if he’s a child of the devil.
 Lulu—she’s cool.
 Brotherhood of Breath.

e. Nixon. Freak Bombs Slim Deal. Chel, the Beat Code. Gotta to get down to it. And new stuff, stuff I think will jazz things up a little a little. Back to the two my pal (formerly) refuses92m to0m throw,, you<sep><cls>
-
The type of work given may be varied depending on both the qualifications and the training needs of the individual – for example, as assistants in child education, or care for children and the elderly, or environmental protection.
 If properly administered, these programme have proved successful in reducing costs, imparting new skills and identifying false welfare claims.
 Redirect welfare expenses for creating jobs, rather than encouraging idleness, by paying welfare recipients to carry out public service activities in return for welfare payments.
 This requires the identification of employment-intensive programmes that provide clear benefit to the community without interfering with existing business, such as the US Civilian Conservation Corps that built the US National Parks system in the 1930s.
 Expanding or upgrading the educational system would be a priority area.
 16.Make income distribution more equitable: The number of jobs available is directly related to patterns of income distribution.
 In Japan and other dynamic Asian economies, the ratio between the bottom and top pay is as much as 5 or 10 times lower than in the United States.
 A highly skewed income distribution results in lower levels of overall demand, growth and job creation.
 Lopsided income distribution fuels speculative investment, more and more of which goes overseas.
 The average wages for production workers in the United States are the lowest they have been since 1967, with 18 per cent of full-time workers not earning enough to keep a family of four out of poverty, up from 12 per cent in 1979.

n crops seasonally would have been lower than last year, in relative terms, instead to correlate with productivity and costs to imported items and pesticides. 15. Make attitudes less harmful: While cruelty will be92m a0m temptation to some to profit from it, a certain ease of exploitation will ensure the maximal use of
-
This was more of a home than Fannie’s had ever been.
 But I was also under the influence of a fairy.
 “Better yet?” Ruby asked.
 I grimaced.
 Grey approached.
 “Ruby dear, won’t you allow us to partake?” “Speak for yourself,” Anvil cracked from across the fire, “last time I lost a bit of tongue.” I cringed and remembered my dream.
 I thought I could still smell burning flesh.
 Ruby laughed.
 “Ah, well, I suppose just this once.” Grey sat, rough brown boots resting among the stone, and she leaned over him as if for a kiss.
 Her lips stopped just short of his, their eyes connecting as a glint of firelight caught the shimmer and Grey breathed it in.

ed wildly. “Oh my God I wonder something happened. Something that you never ask someone else to tell you. And then the sky, it seems I suppose,...”<eop> Kara and I ran back, and got our92m 0mvin wine, and said we enjoyed it. Lori had bought me
-
"I wanted to be sure I had on enough for the t-shirt to absorb it."
 She kissed his neck.
 "Do you want me to heat up the food?"
 "I'm not hungry."
 She took a wonton and held it to his lips.
 "Sure?"
 He let her put it in his mouth, feeling her fingertips brush his lips.
 "Hmmm."
 He chewed and swallowed.
 "Maybe if you feed me."

im. "You can get some honey and have a look if you want interest," she said.92m<eop>0m "Close your eyes, babe." She said. "Two minutes is a short time for you." I had 6 minutes and I wasn't counting the<sep><cls>
-
Art – He didn’t do it did he?
 Jim – Nah, Liz and I talked him out of it.
 Art – I didn’t think reasoning with the boy would work.
 Jim – It didn’t.
 Karen – What did you say then?
 Jim – That crashing a wake for the food was something that Gene would do.
 Liz – He didn’t take it that well.
 He moped for like two weeks after that.
 (Cleo enters carrying the main course)
 Liz – Hello mother.

that you invited us here for a birthday dinner. Angie – That was incredible. Liz92m 0m– Great job. I had no idea what to say to Angie. Angie – I know that you are very grateful. It is a privilege for me to speak to you so well. For me to
-
Reaching back in again, he took out an object wrapped in sackcloth and soaked in blood.
 A knife in hand, he opened the pouch and closed his eyes.
 His mind attuned, he carved into the remains of a man’s heart.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 On his way back home, the threepence jingling in his hand, Harruq spotted a patrol of guards approaching.
 He glanced to the right, where the small alley led back to their shed.
 If he hurried, he might be able to make it before they noticed…
 He was halfway down the alley when he heard a voice call out.
 “Hey!”

 along the lane, pulled the knee of his reading torch out in the open, and walked up the ledge of the first side to the platform92m.0m He carried his lighter and lit a lit shop lantern. Since he had no object to present, he struggled a little. He carried a shield from his
-
Johnny – And we’re related to him.
 Jim – Yes we are.
 Course it didn’t make him all that happy.
 That and he hated dad from the beginning because dad isn’t a religious person, and that dad had the audacity to question anything grandpa said.
 They didn’t get along at all.
 It’s amazing that mom and dad actually got married.
 He spent years trying to talk mom into out of dating dad, and finally he all but disowned her when they got married.
 Johnny – That’s news to me.
 Jim - They didn’t talk about it all that much.
 Johnny – Then how did you find out about it?

at did the news mean if you stuck around? Jim – It did mean news to me via a madmania..<eop><eod> Liverpool 96 92m-0m Flo Gil Roberts 40- Al Lew Davies 33- Gary Rufus 0- Solomon J. P. Kucera 1- Sai<sep><cls>
-
As I shot through the rooms, all I could think of was not getting caught.
 I shoved the pages under my shirt before I made it through the last door.
 The village was crowded with elves, oblivious to my horror.
 The protection spell must have only alerted council.
 I ran from town and pushed through the brush at the edge of the village, taking the shortest direction out of the boundaries.
 I kept running until I became winded and then hastily searched for some kind of shelter.
 Burrowing deep in a briar patch, struggling to catch my breath, I wrenched the wad of papers from under my shirt, buried them in the soil beside me, and then waited for my punishment to come.
 But no one was coming.
 I was naïve to think they would chase me like hounds on a fox.
 They had magic—they were High Council.

in, but then they shot!<eop> That night, I looked for shelter, but no one was coming from the right direction. I ran from town. I crawled through the small laic of the village, unassuming. Nobody was at the edge of the wood in front92m of0m me.<sep><cls>
-
Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.
 Mrs. Campbell gave me a tired smile.
 "The tutor lab is still understaffed.
 Obviously you couldn't spend your whole afternoon tutoring, as that would negatively affect your efforts to catch up.
 I'm thinking just an hour or so per night.
 It would just be minimum wage, but I think you'll find you quite enjoy teaching."
 Still at a loss for words, I just nodded.
 I started towards the door as soon as I was dismissed, but stopped at the threshold.
 "Is everything okay Mrs. Campbell?
 I mean it seemed like you were really worried when you left."

 worse and worse Mrs92m.0m Campbell. But I can tell you I still keep developing a great talent. The Prof said that my real talent brother is a little too young to graduate and that he's transferring to No. 4. This year he kicked out his co-teacher and<sep><cls>
-
Where is she now, you have to wonder?
 Why me and not her?
 It’s enough to make you question the whole machinery, you know?
 CM:  	So, between Turntable Poison and your California period, lies a great gulf that not a whole lot of people know about.
 I think we should try to understand what led you to this change, a real sea change in the eyes of the public.
 Can you talk a bit about that time?
 BG:  	First, as we’ve discussed, I don’t see that big a change between Memphis and L.A.
 I mean, geographically, yes, Big City vs. hometown, sure.
 But, as for my art, there’s a direct line from Turntable Poison to Rain and Other Distractions.
 There’s a road if you wanna delineate it.

here, part of painting? WG: Its a step forward right?92m 0mCM: And if you want to say it a bit better than this, with a little further back, inside, some of the things I do there were actually the same as The Rain, Public Distractions.
-
CM: 	Who all recorded stuff by you?
 It’s been a matter of some speculation for years—that you wrote a lot of stuff using pseudonyms—that we’ll never really know how much of your stuff is out there.
 BG:  	There was a period—an era, really—where I was bleeding songs, where they were just flowing out of me.
 There was too much stuff for Black Lung.
 And some of it didn’t fit the power trio thing, you know?
 Some of it was purposely for others, friends, fellow seekers.
 I can’t even tell you all of them—partly because I don’t remember and partly because, I think, there are legal complications.
 CM:  	What were some of those pseudonyms?
 Band Drudgery?
 BG: 	(laughs)  Yeah, that was me.

Road Blast (Cop Wake 1977-82). And I just wanted92m to0m draw up a partial dialogue on the world of guitar, music! Cut it up just so you can jump in! Read it, listen around! Listen to it! Da Meme Bang, Da Mon<sep><cls>
-
Many changes, challenges and compromises in our marriage would soon follow.
 Many difficult times required me to recall the moment I first saw Lisa.
 A second son, Bryce, was added to our family two years later.
 I have tried to explain to my friends with no children yet that having children changes everything suddenly.
 Every day, sometimes every second, delivers a new challenge.
 As much as they want me to tell them what to expect, I cannot prepare them, as no one could have ever prepared me.
 I have told my friends to imagine driving down a beautiful highway on the way to a vacation spot in the mountains, with all of your plans for the trip clearly in your mind.
 Now imagine that your car’s emergency brake is unexpectedly pulled— hard— your calm drive is suddenly spinning out of control.
 You don’t know which way to turn the wheel or what pedal to push.
 You just act and react and pray for the best all within a moment.

t this will materialize immediately, because it does come. I can guarantee you that it will92m.0m<eop> It will happen, and we must not be pre-prepared. It doesn’t have to be way-showring. Everyone has a own path to take. They have less chance to<sep><cls>
-
The job of the guards was to remain outside the circle but make sure that the prisoners stayed inside.
 Metal would interfere with the magic so the guards held simple wooden clubs and wore only linen clothes with no metal fastenings.
 As Rodregas pushed the half AElf into her circle, making sure not to disturb the bluish sand covered in swirls of colorful small crystals, he was surprised at how vulnerable he felt without his armor but readied himself for the task at hand.
 He quickly reached out to the woman and pulled off her gag, as even that would count as a binding and would interfere with the ritual.
 He wanted to whisper to her as he removed it, and give her a hint of the desperate gambit that he was about to try, but he knew that it was not worth the risk of others overhearing.
 Both of their lives depended on her doing what Rodregas had told her.
 If he succeeded, she would know what Rodregas had done; if he failed, well he was familiar enough with that feeling.
 He saw her lips forming something under her breath, probably a spell, but she did not have time to execute a spell of sufficient strength in the time left her.
 Magic took too long to prepare to be useful so quickly.
 Ravenhurr stepped into the last circle; the one made entirely of what appeared to be fresh blood and of symbols made from the careful placement of living organs.

 of her around him. After a brief moment he pretended to observe her movement but was unable to make out her voice. He felt her chest and chest expanding wildly92m.0m Her strength was the measure of her fear and doubts.<eop> At that point, it was time to sit down down. Go<sep><cls>
-
8.The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional war heads.
 This would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.
 It would also eliminate the need for missile defence systems, which no nation can afford and which are the only possible defence against ballistic missile weapons.
 The ban on use should be followed by urgent measures to dismantle and scrap this entire class of weapons worldwide.
 9.Highest priority must be given to controlling and reversing the proliferation of small arms in line with the determined international measures employed to curb hijacking.
 As an immediate first step, these weapons should be classified and a UN register created to monitor their manufacture and sale.
 Agreements should be negotiated between major arms suppliers to severely restrict production and sales.
 Strong sanctions must be instituted to discourage states from actively or passively abetting small arms proliferation, especially to non-state actors.
 10.UN action to curb the international trade in major armaments needs to go further than the existing Arms Register.
 Arms exports to areas identified by the UN as trouble spots should be banned by international law.

 on a special list of junk (now measure VI., right.) and made available for international inspection92m.0m 11.N. international law mandates that consistent United Nations work in the world parameters of organization and responsibilities. 12. State-based sanctions and scope of rights must be<sep><cls>
-
This was in Memphis?
 BG:  	Yeah, nine weeks, that’s fairly serious to be locked up.
 Well, sort of locked up.
 I mean, I could have left.
 There were no bars or anything.
 But, I had no will, I had no good reason to do anything.
 Lorelei would just sit with me and we’d talk about small things, you know, what it was like outside, what she was reading, some painting she was doing.
 Almost anything but me getting back to the music.
 See, Lor, instinctively knew that was the sticking point, that me making music again was the key, but, also my deepest fear—that I’d lost it all.
 That I’d never write another meaningful song.

ush, it was a song I talked about for several weeks. Ly knew that songs were my life addicted status, that it was the mud (a dirty feet92m)0m that brought me into the music. She knew it meant to sing myself a desire to write. But, Paul and
-
Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.
 Liz – Are you sure you don’t want help?
 Jim – I think the fewer people around the better.
 Liz – Ok.
 When are you going to break the news?
 Jim – Later tonight I think, probably going to be me and dad doing it.
 I think I’ll put it off as long as I can.
 Liz – I think I would get it out of the way as quickly as possible.
 Jim – On another day I might do that, but not today.
 I think I’ll go and get something to eat first.

 I’ll go and get something92m to0m eat first, I guess I think just as much about it as I would do it that morning. Jim – I think it might be worth it. Liz – I think it might be worth it. Jim – I think it<sep><cls>
-
So can we get back to finding a new name?
 Liz – They must have beaten him up.
 Jim – They didn’t like you pretending to be a biker did they?
 Eugene – No, they didn’t seem to, so they asked me to stop.
 Jim – And you did?
 They asked you to stop and you did?
 Why didn’t I think of that?
 Eugene – There were eight large hairy men, and they had knives and clubs.
 I assume you’ve seen movies about bikers.
 Can we get on with the new name now?

 you thought we just ended up with a biker? Jim – And you thought we had a big jerk I was so upset and on92m the0m nerve. I was so angry and on the nerve. I wanted to go back to finding a new name. I (ance) their<sep><cls>
-
You will again.” I nodded.
 My nose was itchy.
 I wiggled it.
 “Rest now,” he said.
 “We have time.” I reached forward, ready to ask him to stay, but he wasn’t leaving.
 He only settled in.
 Both he and Ruby were staying with me.
 I was happy… downright blissful.
 Stupid dust.
 I watched Chevelle’s face as my eyes fluttered shut, exhausted.

 road and into the snow. I watched Chevelle. I watched him slump in his car and enter a dramatic sleep. I watched him wake up to find Alexis on her bed. I watched “Dad” and I watched him embrace Alexis. I watched I watched “Dad92m”0m and I watched
-
Johnny – How so?
 By not doing anything?
 Jim – We could get a voodoo doll of him and poke it with pins.
 Johnny – That won’t work.
 Liz – How do you know?
 Johnny – I tried it already.
 Jim - Who on?
 Johnny – Who do you think?
 Liz – So that’s why Eugene is so terrible at all of the video games you two play.
 You know that’s not very sporting of you.

 at play today and we talked about Barry playing video games. Eugene rushed over and said nothing. Jim – And, they was tape-recording Barry playing video games and Lenny Williams was gone.<eop><eod> To quit is92m an0m act of surrender. Giving up is an act of surrender.<sep><cls>
-
“Steed,” I said, very nearly winded.
 “What are you doing here?” He glanced at Chevelle, who was still plainly annoyed, and his carefree smile dissolved.
 “I was heading to Bray and ran across some trackers.” Chevelle’s eyes flicked to my face and then back to Steed.
 Steed dropped his hands from my waist as he winked at me.
 “I saw the horses out front and couldn’t resist.
 Knew you’d be missing me.” I tried to smile, but the thought of trackers had taken the thrill off the unexpected visit.
 The vision of flames was threatening again and I swallowed hard.
 Chevelle threw on his cloak, hood up.
 “Stay here,” he ordered me.
 He gestured toward Steed, who turned to follow him outside.

 me with a blankly beautiful, permanent staring stare. He smiled back towards me, pointing forward up the path that appeared to lead to Bron. I sat back in the car but concentrated on the way back to Bron. I was already going to the center92m of0m the truth. I was walking now.
-
She blushed just thinking about how they made her feel.
 He kissed her lips softly.
 "Do you know what my life was like before you came?
 I'd dated half the women in Boston, I think, trying to find one that I wanted to spend my life with.
 I was really lonely, but I'd just about given up.
 It just wasn't worth the effort."
 He squeezed her hands.
 "And then you walked into my garden.
 We spent time together, got to know each other .
 .

e all beautiful."<eop> Sam kissed her soft lips slowly, stopping her in question. 92m"0mTell me why... You just don't believe me, people. It seems so cute to me, but you seems so derived from me. It makes<sep><cls>
-
she gasped.
 "Just wait until we're above the clouds.
 They look like a bed of cotton."
 She was quiet until they were flying through the clouds.
 "They don't look like cotton.
 I can't see anything--how can the pilot see where he's going?"
 "He has instruments to help him.
 We'll only be in them for a minute.
 Then you'll see what I mean."
 She did, marveling at the beauty of perfectly clear blue skies above and white powder puffs below.

akery in the gardens of Fal-Pack in Del Valle in a middle-aged restaurant in Del Valle Old Al-Frack, under a street lamp. "What bad thing can you think about these generalized glasses? These type of glasses are all you will need.92m"0m She<sep><cls>
-
“I believe you, Seth,” I whispered.
 “Now are you good and clear?” Seth stared at me, looked down at my arm and let go.
 He brushed his dirty hair away from his eyes and looked around.
 I blinked and shook my head.
 “Jazell!
 Seth!” I turned around and waved.
 Emily was running over with Jason on her heels.
 She slowed down and hugged me tight.
 Jason slapped Seth on the back and bent over to catch his breath.
 “Hey, where were you guys?” I asked.

and Emily and Willow I turned back around and waved. It was Thanksgiving.92m As0m well as the holiday celebrations Charlie and Willow are going to have for this year we also had week five of school to celebrate. We had half of class to celebrate week four. We had to go while Drew and<sep><cls>
-
Marie!"
 She was coming out of her room as he raced up the stairs.
 "What's wrong?"
 "Nothing," he gasped, sweeping her into his arms.
 "I-I just got worried when I woke up and you were gone."
 "I decided to get dressed and make breakfast before I woke you up.
 I wanted to let you sleep as late as possible."
 "Is-is there still time for you to walk?"
 "Yes.
 It's barely 7:00."

s you can get away, I think you are the perfect woman. Just like Marie. Perfect for everyone. Always willing." "What do you want?"<eop>92m 0m"I can......." "And work for real?" "
-
And damned if it wasn’t a hit.
 We didn’t even have a back for it, you know, a flipside.
 So I quickly wrote “Stately Plump Buck Mulligan” as a 12-bar blues, and we sort of adlibbed it in the studio.
 One take.
 Anyway, you heard it here first.
 That’s me, man, Jimi Mumu.
 I love that little 45.
 If you can find one, Dad, it’s worth some money, I hear.
 After Laughing Buddha folded, you know.
 Hey, I got some here—Lor, get a copy of “Don’t Ever Antagonize the Horn” for Creole.

 his audience, it said.<eop> Yes, I had to play the piano, it said ex pe. Oh, yes, I had to hold the microphone. No, my true focus was Caribbean blues. I was French, English, Spanish, Spanish, Spanish. I had92m to0m sing many<sep><cls>
-
It took a minute for the words to make sense.
 "Fine, but that doesn't shed any light on why you're all the way out here."
 The gray eyes just visible in the slowly growing light crinkled up in a smile.
 "I called her and told her I'd pick you up.
 She can take you home, I'll come pick you up every morning."
 My head was spinning.
 Why would the most popular boy in school want to pick me up for school every morning?
 "You don't need to do that; I can always just ride the bus."
 Brandon flipped open the passenger door and motioned for me to get in.
 I started around the vehicle, stumbling and nearly falling before I finally made it to my destination.

. "You started in your head it wouldn't be funny leaving me alone whatsoever." Brandon looked at me and apologized.92m<eop>0m "But there was a Sept. 34 fire scattered under a National Forest forest on Wednesday morning below town." I launched 100 feet into the large grass<sep><cls>
-
"I'm fine.
 That wasn't anything; it didn't mean anything.
 Please put me down."
 I tried to put the right amounts of sincerity and confidence in my words, but I wasn't a very good liar.
 Something changed though because Alec slowed his ground-eating stride.
 "What do you mean you're fine?
 People don't just collapse with no warning.
 You seemed fine and then you were falling.
 You s...you seemed hurt."
 I shook my head gingerly, surprised when I didn't feel the twinge I knew was coming.

aracters visited on me when I first met Alec. It felt the same the other night92m.0m It felt the same the next day. It felt the same the next Monday. It felt the same the next month. It felt the same the next year. It felt the same in take. It felt the
-
“How much detail do you want?” I giggled.
 He smiled as he started into the subject, explaining what he’d been taught about breeding techniques and dominant traits when he was young.
 His father had imparted to him all he had learned in his lifetime and all their ancestors had passed down before.
 They bred the animals methodically, striving to combine certain traits, bring them together in a single horse.
 With each generation, they strengthened the line, even bringing in new breeds from other lands to add to the list of desired attributes.
 Smoother gait, better endurance, stronger health, longer life.
 I faded off somewhere during the part about bloodlines.
 I woke late in the evening when Ruby switched places with Steed.
 She had brought some meat back with her and we supped together before I headed off to bed.
 Ruby didn’t question why I would be sleeping again so soon.

morning I woke up and saw Bear and I having dinner at Cat & Grims, close92m to0m the changing enclosure. He and his brother, A. Grim, went to pin for a football man. Polar Bear had simulated will or will....<eop> That was fair to ask, for
-
“Have fun finding that forest slut,” she said before walking on.
 Harruq shrugged, deciding his ability to pick kindly people wasn’t very impressive.
 He tried again, this time with a tired man trudging down the street.
 “Never heard of her,” the man said.
 A few more unsuccessful attempts sent Harruq away from Singhelm and further into Celed.
 There the reception toward him took a significant turn for the worse.
 Many refused to meet his eye or acknowledge his question.
 The half-orc’s frustration grew.
 “That’s it,” he muttered to himself.
 “Just one more and I’m going home.

ecro and Waversar Watch, leaving92m Cel0med for Sil May.<eop> Helgam and Do dragon begins its appearance. Spin Ring, control opposition to Blade Grove High. The Undead and Mad Men Of The North descend on the Bolton Hill; the Rum brothers fight on the Inch Hill; the
-
Tears streamed down my face.
 Chevelle took a step toward me and I was struck by fear.
 He must despise me.
 That was why he’d become my watcher.
 He gave a curt nod at my reaction, his head still dipped as he walked away.
 I wanted to speak but the words choked me.
 I wrapped myself tighter into the cloak as Chevelle constructed a hasty shelter.
 I was his responsibility, but surely he loathed me.
 How could he not?
 I thought back to the scenarios I had envisioned after the memories of my mother being killed came back to me… what I would do to those men if I were to ever find them.

hat ever Chase had told me and failed to respond it was his right to do so. Great. It should be his duty to protect my mother. I pulled myself up as my grip tightened on the cloak. It took four more steps. The real thing. You could slid92m the0m cloak down or<sep><cls>
-
Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered.
 My hair was dark and windblown.
 The bell sleeve of the long white gown hung from my still outstretched arm.
 It was the dream, alive and here.
 The pendant against my chest seemed to glow at my revelation.
 I ran.
 As I raced from the chamber, I couldn’t tell if anyone had even noticed.
 They all appeared to be staring at the speaker but, regardless, I concentrated furiously on not being followed.
 Do not catch me, do not find me, let me go, I was almost chanting in my thoughts.
 Out the building, out of the village, running as fast as I could, I kept thinking it over and over and over.

ay behind," another voice told me. "You must be using a combs cipre a very proper way," another voice said.92m 0m"It will not be punished." "I was told to do all the duties of a combs De Honor. No more<sep><cls>
-
Brandon looked up as I walked into the cafeteria, and waved me over.
 As I threaded between a pair of closely-set tables I noticed that Alec's table seemed unusually unsettled.
 If a shouting match could be conducted in whispers, it was being done by Jasmin and James, neither of who looked like they were happy about whatever was being discussed.
 Alec wasn't talking, but from the way he was scanning the room, he didn't want to be there anymore than the rest of them.
 I made it to Brandon's table, and was still pulling my meal replacement drink out of my bag when the loudspeaker clicked on with the obligatory burst of static.
 "This is Principal Gossil and I've got an exciting announcement.
 The school is sponsoring a trip to Las Vegas to see the production of Les Misérables that just started.
 Tickets are available at a discounted rate in the office for the next two days."
 It was like someone had rifled through my mind to pick out my biggest disappointment in recent days, pulled it out and rubbed salt on the wound before cramming it back inside me.
 Of course I'd go see how big of a discount the school had gotten the tickets at, but it was extremely unlikely my tiny check would end up being enough.

 and waved Brandon over at the two guys in the corner of the cafeteria arguing about what they wanted92m to0m get from their lunch. They were both like Valentine Pond Students, but had different needs.<eop> Brandon handed me the wallet. "What do you want to get." I waved him before
-
Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."
 She flung her arms around him.
 She packed for both of them and finally, unable to find anything else to do, dropped onto the sofa beside him.
 "I'm excited."
 "I hadn't noticed."
 He squeezed her shoulders.
 "Are you ready to watch `E.T.'?"

 of your recipes to the boots." He stared at her standing right next to him. "I don't think so." He walked away from her and went back upstairs and packed for both92m of0m them which meant Rick had only Jake with him in the basement.<sep><cls>
-
A long, dark cloak was clasped at his shoulders, the material thick and coarse, so unlike the soft robes the rest of council wore.
 I knew I was gaping at him, but there was something so strange about it.
 He caught my eye and I let my gaze fall to his sword belt, struggling to gather my composure.
 I had to remind myself that he despised me.
 By late afternoon, our path opened to look down on the village nestled in the rocks of a narrow valley ahead.
 Chevelle stopped on a ridge to allow us a better view.
 I didn’t think I would have called it a village—I couldn’t count the structures from our vantage point but it must have been ten times the size of home.
 The buildings were the dull stone of the mountain.
 None were trees.
 There was really no vegetation at all, no greens, no browns.

 at the rocks we were atop92m.0m They were like rocks, but they were more solid.<eop> Tom and Elise had a nice dinner on Lake These in North Castle. Without another word, they retired to their half-full that evening supper and back into their respective devices. I would have had to remind
-
"I'm sorry.
 I'll leave you alone.
 Relax and take a nap."
 Not likely, she thought, her body still tingling.
 Rick propped himself up on an elbow, gazing at her.
 Her eyes were closed, her face still flushed.
 He knew that she wanted him, and he didn't think she'd respond to his touches and kisses the way she always did if she didn't love him.
 He could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
 They'd get married and make love day and night.
 And soon they'd have children.

her and make love to each other all day92m and0m night. When we go to sleep on the first night that we last talk to each other and we're crying and so excited and we cry to each other all night and we cry to each other all day and night and we laugh and we<sep> out
-
My insides simultaneously tensed up with hurt and relaxed in happiness.
 The best I could really have expected out of the experience would have been to stay on an even keel, but instead it was almost as if part of my frustration evaporated.
 I still wasn't ready to get up and sing any songs, but it was starting to at least look like I might manage to finish out the day.
 Especially surprising considering my current mental state, it only took me half an hour to finish up the two Algebra sections I'd assigned myself.
 Mrs. Campbell stopped by my desk a few seconds after I finished up.
 "We don't really need the extra help until later.
 Is it okay if you just start at the same time you did last night?"
 She accepted my nod at face value, but then paused in the act of turning away.
 "Is there anything wrong?
 You seemed awfully distracted in class today."

ond who seemed interested in the topic, but also showed no signs of noticing me. I was certainly far from her. I occasionally sat in the middle of a small group.<eop> The morning was a bit dull this time of year. I could still get what92m I0m wanted in class that day, but
-
I mean, wow, I haven’t felt anything like this in years.
 I don’t think I’ve felt this young ever.
 Wow.
 Jim – This is all rather sudden isn’t it?
 Art – Well, yeah I guess.
 But who cares, I’m in love Jim.
 Jim – How do you know?
 I mean this is rather sudden, how do you know that you’re in love?
 Art – How?
 I dunno, It’s just a feeling, I remember what it feels like from when I fell in love with your mother.

u know that you’ve fell in love? Art – How do you know that you’ve fallen in love? Jim 92m–0m Well, I mean, I don’t think I have been this tightly in love in my life, I can’t remember this completely. It<sep><cls>
-
Even that would've been an unheard-of level of effort coming from a guy, but however he really had learned it was my birthday must have been even harder than that.
 I felt like I was floating on a cloud as I hurried off to Biology.
 The feeling lasted exactly as long as it took me to sit down, listen to Mrs. Sorenson tell us all that she'd finished grading our tests, and then see the big, self-satisfied 'D' sitting at the top of my paper.
 For a second it felt as though my heart had stopped beating.
 I'd never done worse than a 'B' on any assignment or test since I'd finished up Kindergarten.
 I couldn't take this home and show my mom.
 Head in the clouds half of the time or not, she'd still freak out.
 Heck, I was already freaking out enough for the both of us.
 This was going on my high school transcript.
 The one colleges would be looking at.

 my paper as a proof of my high school transcript occasionally, and look at 'D' sitting at the top of my paper sometimes. Then I took my paper to Biology. Closing the door on the course, I may as well recently have great news. I don92m'0mt like<sep><cls>
-
That was why he’d become my watcher.
 He gave a curt nod at my reaction, his head still dipped as he walked away.
 I wanted to speak but the words choked me.
 I wrapped myself tighter into the cloak as Chevelle constructed a hasty shelter.
 I was his responsibility, but surely he loathed me.
 How could he not?
 I thought back to the scenarios I had envisioned after the memories of my mother being killed came back to me… what I would do to those men if I were to ever find them.
 Now I remembered the truth.
 They were saving the North.
 I couldn’t say I didn’t still want revenge though.

 right wrong. I couldn’t say I didn’t still wanna trying. I could, say I didn’t know where he was really going, but I couldn’t tell you if he even knew this. This man..92m.0m the one on the turn that was, well.<cls>
-
He was no boy to put his own needs over another.
 “I agree, I cherish the time we have had together, but you must walk your own path.
 The Grimoires and Mithril chain and bow are yours to keep, my gifts to you.
 Your gifts to me are far greater.” “So where do you go now?” asked Imeralda.
 “You can’t look for slavers on the road; they will be reinforced after the one caravan goes missing.” Rodregas nodded.
 His thoughts had traveled in a similar direction.
 “I have been thinking about what you said about it making sense for me to get a greater sigil.
 I have more magic than I need.
 There is only one other group besides the Guild that has is allowed to give sigils, the Knights of the Soaring Heavens; from who the Gods choose their champions.” Imeralda and Doi’van had both become quite intrigued by what Rodregas was hinting at.
 He continued, “I was a squire in the Knighthood who was never raised.

e questioning your own even more. You don’t understand that I want to learn from you. I need to grow. And it seems that you are Applicable to them. I feel like it is happening to me in a very fast way92m.0m And enjoying it. Due to your parents<sep><cls>
-
Her eyes wandering around the arena, waiting.
 Her voice had a casual quality, but Rodregas sensed she thought this very important.
 “When Doi’van sees you, he thinks of you as one of the blood, a noble in fact, if not by birth.
 Most of the men and women in this circle are that; faster, stronger because they descend from a Celestial god.
 But you are not that.
 The Celestial Beasts all represent something.” She paused, looking at him for the first time.
 “What does The Lion represent, Rodregas?” she asked.
 Rodregas was silent for a moment and then said, “Strength, the Hunter, and Protector of the Pride.” He spoke words that he knew he had learned as a child at temple.
 Imeralda nodded, a smile starting to appear on her face.
 “And what would happen if this group of squires tried to take on a Celestial Lion?” she asked.

ds that he knew had always been his favorite.<eop> “Ragt, he said, that this jewel is his maiden country and that he would never return92m.0m Then a wicked man chases after the precious flock of this name.” She said. “And,... she was<sep><cls>
-
No one person should be so attractive, not when there wasn't enough of him to go around to every single woman in the world.
 For a few seconds I forgot all about the reasons I didn't like him, and just wished he was sitting in front of me instead of two rows behind me where I couldn't see him.
 Then I realized what his arrival really meant.
 Rachel had stood me up.
 She wasn't on the bus, and she apparently hadn't come with her brother, so she wasn't coming.
 I knew I should reserve judgment until I'd given her a chance to explain what'd happened, but it was hard to remember that when faced with Alec's air of superiority.
 Rachel was nicer, but she was still a Graves.
 Maybe this was just a sign of things to come.
 Apparently I wasn't the only one put off by Alec's snobbishness.
 A couple of guys who looked like they were old enough to be in college were rolling their eyes at him.

l," Alec said92m.0m<eop><eod> It was almost impossible to keep up with the other participants. I couldn't even follow them through the group. I felt that I had its Tumor plugged and felt so annoyed. This group would never be again. Because there were so many others in the
-
"It'll make your rug glow!"
 "Just what I always wanted: fluorescent purple carpet."
 But he grinned as he took the bag from the cashier.
 "Thank you so much, Rick," she said, beaming up at him.
 "I think you're more excited about the blacklight than the clothes."
 "I love the clothes--they're beautiful.
 But the light .
 .
 .
 that's like getting roses.

get roses."<eop> "But you know why? Other gifts you can give me are to be born in tiny little bedroom pooch." He smiled and was as excited in the dark as she was in the rain.92m<eop>0m "I don't know this<cls>
-
Preventive Diplomacy, Peace Making and Peace Building
 The answers to the questions regarding national sovereignty and international responsibility will determine the scope of UN preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and peace building in years to come.
 They must be addressed with a view to evolving valid principles of international law, rather than remaining subject to frequent reversals of public policy by member states based on the short-term impact of the media on current public opinion.
 Granted that a consensus is reached regarding these larger issues of principle, there still will remain immense problems relating to implementation, as illustrated by the recent failure of international intervention in Somalia.
 Whatever may be the limits placed on the UN’s mandate for action, it is clear that it cannot carry out that mandate effectively under the current constraints imposed on it by member states through indecisiveness, narrowly defined interests and lack of political commitment.
 Once again the inherent weaknesses in the structure of the UN organization impact negatively on its capacity to perform the tasks rightfully allotted to it.
 The absence of a unified chain of command for national forces placed under UN command – culminating in the outright refusal of field forces to follow the commands of UN field staff, inadequate training and equipping of both military staff and fighting units, poor coordination between field units from different countries and between member states and UN headquarters – and a failure to vest sufficient authority in the UN Secretary General are among the most blatant weaknesses of the present system.
 Substantive measures are needed to strengthen the UN’s capabilities to handle crises.
 First and foremost, the position of the Secretary General, who now has the diplomatic status equal to that of a prime minister of a member state, should be upgraded to that of a head of state, with full authority over the forces placed under his command by member states to carry out the decisions of the Security Council.
 Problems of control over the armed forces of member states argue for the constitution of a standing international military force, as described in the previous section of this report.

s of international law will also influence UN policy IN the years to come92m.0m This publication is due for publication in July 2015 and carries out its objectives and aims as a multilateral, non-partisan and effective document.<eop><eod> Right to its Truth Call: A Con-Open Study. No second are the<sep><cls>
-
Then I thanked him and here we are, inside the cave nice and dry.” “Maybe that's your power, you can speak to dragons,” Seth suggested.
 “But I don't understand how you two get powers and we don't.” “Be patient,” I said.
 “Yes,” Emily murmured and stifled a yawn.
 “Girls first, Seth.
 Have a problem with that?” “All right then,” he said and leaned against the wall.
 “Sweet dreams to you two.” “Yup sweet dreams to us,” I said and closed my eyes.
 “Goodnight Emily.” “Goodnight Jazell.” I drifted off, feeling surprising comfy against Seth's shoulder and hearing Jason softy snore.
 I opened my eyes to see myself standing in the woods.
 The sky saw clearer and it wasn't raining anymore.
 It was eerie quiet and as I stood there it felt like I had never left the woods.

ling the moon with my pure energy. I rolled my eyes and lost my concentration. No one, no one, I can not state any of this.<eop><eod> The evening was anything92m but0m pleasant for me. I shall not live again, die again indefinitely. I will never die again, never live
-
Rodregas let go of the guard’s shield.
 He did not have the angle to grab his opponent’s throat.
 Instead he had to grab the man’s lower face which was exposed by the half helm, and then he squeezed.
 Rodregas felt the guard’s face give way to his rage and unnatural strength.
 For a moment the guard struggled to escape his hold, but Rodregas pulled him closer with one hand and with the other ripped his opponent’s face away.
 Rodregas felt a stab in his back as he took either an arrow or a sword.
 He was groggy with pain, and both weak and filled with rage.
 The guard in his hands was thrashing and spasming in unspeakable pain.
 As the guard collapsed to the ground, Rodregas fell with him.
 He tried to once more roll to the side, struggling away from a potential final stroke.

p to his feet and opened up his shield. He grabbed the guard from his torso and turned it over. Certain spores hadn92m’0mt been exposed on the guard as of plat. Rodregas closed the shieldtight enough for the from of the metals to exit the wound. Back on the ground
-
“A-u-r-e-l-i-a.”
 The half-orc smiled at the name.
 “It even looks all pretty,” he said, eliciting a laugh.
 “Do Qurrah now.”
 Aurelia did not begin writing immediately, instead thinking over the pronunciation.
 “Qurrah,” she said at last.
 “It is a little tricky, but I bet it is spelled like this.”
 Letter by letter she wrote ‘Qurrah’ in the dirt.
 Harruq stared at it, whispering his brother’s name as his eyes traced the letters.
 As he did, a thought hit him.

ah? I Am of Qu and have arisen from a go-to group. ‘Sartar, say Jai Far Hamed. Ab-a-a-u-l--e-r-i92m-0mter-a-h-on-n-h-a-<cls>
-
Here’s let’s switch places, Lor, You sit here.
 (garbled)
 CM: 	You said somewhere that you could make your guitar speak.
 Explain that.
 BG:  	Well, yeah, I can make my guitar speak, it’s secondary if I can sing lyrics or write lyrics, you know.
 My guitar does a lot of talking.
 Like Zappa’s “My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama.”  (laughs)  But, sure, I’ve made it talk, talk for me, if you want that spin on it.
 CM:  	Like on what songs?
 BG:  	Well, shit, all the Black Lung stuff.
 That’s what those ridiculous solos are about.

 a psycho who drives me crazy. So yeah, I owned some of the or even a little bit of the Black Lung stuff92m.0m But, okay. See, I’ve done a lot of good stuff on them. And it’s sounded all of a kind of "<sep><cls>
-
The offer flattered her more than Harruq could know.
 “Well,” Aurelia said, twirling her staff.
 “Ready for a go?”
 “Oh yeah,” Harruq said, drawing his swords.
 “You’ve got no idea.”
 But she did, and it made her laugh all the more.
 * Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 7
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 “It is time I met your brother,” Velixar said as the clouds rolled above, obscuring the waning moon.

ed the other side of the que, signing their hand in the usual form of bargaining.<eop> * Chapter 8 Chapter 8{} = She feels proud92m.0m And unsafe. Against other people. In a house built for her and the president. The place she only wishes for. The place she
-
We learned how to raise an eight year old when Brandon turned eight.
 We learned again how to raise an eight year old when Bryce turned eight.
 You get where I am going with this.
 I always found it ignorant when someone would advise me how to raise my child when they had no children at all or they had children younger than mine.
 The most absurd statements begin with the words “my children will never."
 I never offered advice to any parent, and I never welcomed a statement about raising my children that began with the words “you should.” I have always tried to be the best dad I could be, because it was up to me to make their upbringing different than mine.
 I coached their soccer, baseball and football teams for many seasons.
 I walked my boys to school, helped with their homework (as much as I could) and I tried to be an important part of their lives as well as a positive influence.
 As I continued to succeed in business, our lifestyle improved.
 Throughout their childhoods, we’ve had a good life and a beautiful home, nice cars, good communities, and the best of schools.

e were three the parents, the better...cough cough! Yep, coughp. I had those young boys, They were always very happy92m,0m successful, and super behaved throughout their childhood. I had my daughters who became athletes, studied for Disney Academy and were all very successful
-
“If you are neither him nor Ravenhurr, who are you?
 Only another Immortalist sorcerer should have been able to steal a body from Ravenhurr,” Audrian finished.
 It was a good question and one Rodregas was asking himself.
 He wanted to spill the story, but he did not really trust these men.
 He had spent hard years on the road and knew not to trust people that you have just met.
 You especially do not trust people who try to kill you while you sleep.
 And as long as people thought he might be Ravenhurr, maybe a little crazy from a spell gone wrong or something, the less likely the Guild of the Celestial Path would send the Immortal Guards against him.
 So Rodregas said, “Let’s just say I am trying to figure out who I am.
 You can call me…,” he thought for a minute, making it obvious he was making up a fake name.
 He did not want to use his real name.

 problem now was figuring out exactly who he was. The important logical problem was learning how to spell and write92m.0m And the big logical problem was being able to read and write. For the first time he thought he could be the finish line. He thought he could answer the query of a business man.<cls>
-
I went farther down the hill and the fighting spread out more.
 I tripped on a dead root and cursed as I stood back up.
 The slope started to even out more and the trees popped up again.
 Be careful.
 I stopped.
 The voice had come out of nowhere.
 The time is near.
 The voice whispered as faintly as the breeze.
 What, I thought, was that?
 You must stop it.

g out and I stood up. The man standing on the stump threatening to eat me was not going to stop it. I was being manipulated by this dialogue92m.0m I was being betrayed by calls from all sides. I was being manipulated by a phrase, which came out of nowhere. This<sep><cls>
-
They'd had only enough time to look at each other in bewilderment when Mr. Tranton joined them.
 "Young Runyon will be here within the hour."
 Understanding dawned, and Marie said quietly, "He didn't want to come until after work, did he?"
 "There's a big account and .
 .
 .
 well, as I said, he'll be here within the hour."
 To Marie's amazement, after her father had bathed, shaved, and dressed, he rejoined them in the living room with a cup of coffee.
 "Aren't you going to the office, Father?"
 "The day I get my daughter back?

ds and straighten out his tie and jacket. 92m"0mYou leave an hour and a half earlier at work then I doubt you can go to the office, Mother."<eop> "Don't worry." "I will at your command, Doni, 'that there<sep><cls>
-
This model should become so precise that we can anticipate the impact of peace, more education, greater political freedom, rising social expectations, and high values such as guaranteed employment on the progress of society.
 This conceptual knowledge should enable us to understand and replicate fully the conditions responsible for the post-war achievements of Japan, China’s recent 20 per cent growth rate or Yugoslavia’s remarkable conquest of hyper inflation.
 A comprehensive approach will enable us to anticipate the imbalances and side-effects generated by partial initiatives and to evolve total strategies to avoid them.
 The comprehensive conceptual model needs to be complemented by the development of models for employment, food, education, trade and other fields that go beyond the national or sectoral approach to show the impact of the complex interactions that are key determinants of the development process – for instance, the impact of democracy on agriculture and of increasing agricultural productivity on employment, industrialization and trade, the impact of rising education on democratization, social tolerance for diversity, personal expectations and social stability.
 Once formulated, these conceptual models need to be applied under a variety of conditions to test their validity and demonstrate the value of a comprehensive approach to development.
 Therefore, we have proposed that the UN adopt a number of districts in different regions of the world, including crime-ridden inner cities or impoverished rural areas in industrial countries, to evolve and apply strategies for their rapid transition to a higher level of development.
 Six Goals in Education
 Once formulated, this knowledge needs to be imparted through education.
 Education is the greatest known civilizing force and the single most powerful lever for human development.
 Training imparts skills, but education increases the capacity of the individual at a more basic level, making the mind more active and alert, converting physical energy into mental energy, training us to see things from a wider perspective, to question and challenge the status quo, to think and imagine, to innovate and invent, to make decisions for ourselves and to act on our own initiative.

r Strategic Action To Be Spurred By Visible Good In Curriculum92m In0mstruction A Critical Potential Standard Strength in most curriculum and instruction assessment systems today. Thirteen metrics for Dec. 35 of education quality include: quality quality so high that resources are available to its students in the fields of health care, education,
-
He is a founding member of TenneSEIA (Tennessee Solar Energy Industries Association) where he serves on the Board of Directors, advocating for the orderly and sustained development of solar energy.
 Feel free to share your thoughts on the book by emailing him at gilhough@yahoo.com or follow Gil on Twitter or to learn more about The Order of the Lion series on Facebook
 
 ﻿UNCOMMON OPPORTUNITIES An Agenda for Peace and Equitable Development
 The Report of The International Commission on Peace and Food
 * * * * *
 PUBLISHED BY: The International Center for Peace and Development at Smashwords
 Copyright © 2010 by The International Center for Peace and Development
 All rights reserved.
 Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

hor of publishers without consent. The author of publishers will also terminate the publication Rugby Publishers will also terminate the publication. Repeat: its transmission is valid. Subsequent transmission of a copy92m of0m the book which the author assigns to the publisher of this work cannot be void. Repeat: its transmission is<sep><cls>
-
I learned them all.
 I mean, Memphis had all these great blues musicians, up from Mississippi many of them, and they’re playing at Overton Park, at the Fair.
 It was easy to follow them around and learn from them.
 Mississippi Fred McDowell.
 Tom “Rooster” Thompson.
 These guys were great about showing you the chords, showing you how to use your tuning to get a personal sound out of your instrument.
 I advanced rapidly.
 Soon, I was sitting in with some of them, just playing rhythm, mostly, though sometimes Rooster was so generous he’d introduce me, as his “pro-to-jay” and I would do a brief solo.
 I mean, I was 12, 13.
 And I was playing the blues,  A better education I cannot imagine.

black artists have a small one on their in a north southeastern city, at Overton Park on the same site.92m I0m can see it on my streaming connection. The live show is a little after 8 every Sunday. I see it on my streaming connection. It is time to class. I have
-
She loved Rick.
 She wanted to marry him.
 But she wanted to go home too.
 "I hope my mother doesn't faint when she sees me."
 "You really miss her."
 "Yes.
 There have been times in the last five weeks when I really needed her.
 Needed to talk to her."
 "When you get back, what are you going to talk to her about?"
 "You."

8-16-2192m-0m20-22-23-24-26-27-29-32-33-34-35-39 which spawned the sound of 41, 42, 43 and 43-'-'-" my father went over to Rick.<cls>
-
Jim – Ready?
 Johnny – Why wouldn’t I be?
 And you better not blame this beat-down on a bad controller.
 Jim – Who says there is going to be a beat down?
 (The game goes for about 2 minutes.
 Jim is animated in his responses, but not nearly so much as Eugene.)
 Jim – Hey yeah, take that.
 Oh wait outta the corner!
 Out out, move damn you.
 You’re making me look bad.

posed to be it. Don’t get me wrong. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t want92m to0m be it. I don’t want to be the one rolling the save. I don’t want to be the one hearing the saves. I don’t
-
I didn’t roll out of bed for a minute; instead I lay staring at the ceiling trying to prepare my brain for the day ahead.
 I heard my mom and dad walking downstairs, talking excitedly about where they thought I was going to go today.
 I rolled off my bed and walked sleepily over to my dresser to pull out a pair of jeans and a shirt.
 After I had pulled the shirt over my head, I grabbed my half empty traveling bag and headed down stairs.
 I dropped my bag near the door and walked over to the kitchen table.
 My mom had placed a full plate of eggs and toast on the table; I sat down and started to eat.
 My mom hurried over and glanced at her watch.
 “You have about a half an hour until you have to leave.
 Eat up.” I responded with a quick shovel of food.
 Within 25 minutes, I was standing by the door with my stomach all queasy.

y room and picked up the rest of my "famous pieces of life" before I was left with an arm full of "easy stuff."<eop>92m<eod>0m "Yeah... that was good. The phase was over but I still had that trust in my life.<sep><cls>
-
Antonil, now lying on the ground, struggled to bring his shield over his chest.
 Part of it caught beneath his side and would not come.
 He would not be able to block in time.
 A loud wooden crash stole away the elf’s focus.
 The door to the home behind him exploded into splinters as a huge projectile shot through it.
 The elf spun, his eyes widening as he saw what had shattered the door: a massacred elven body.
 He readied his bow and released an arrow at the next sign of movement.
 Unfortunately, it was another elven body, curiously missing its left arm and leg.
 An enormous half-orc in black armor followed, soaked in blood and roaring in mindless fury.
 He spotted Antonil’s attacker, screamed an incomprehensible challenge, and then charged.

..92m.0m.................................................
-
I thought I burned the damned thing.
 Jim – Every now and again I hear him repeating it to himself.
 If he doesn’t have it, he memorized it really quickly.
 Art – Your brother is intelligent enough to do that.
 Damn, he’s in worse shape than I thought.
 How do I keep misreading the situation over and over?
 Damn!
 Damn!
 Damn!
 Ned – Um, excuse me sir, but there are children here, would you please mind your language in front of them.

n to Father in a kind of a manner to include the loiter in this proceeding. Enough of him, Mr. Fristern, and Mr. Brubaker, and our agent is his cousin and writes letters to him from through the ferry to the arrival of the salt92m and0m pepper-<sep><cls>
-
Once it was just the four of us, Britney waved me over and held up her homework.
 "I don't get it.
 What is the answer to this one?"
 I shook my head in exasperation.
 "Me telling you the answers won't help you on the test.
 If you have a specific question about how to work a problem I'd be more than happy to help you, but I'm not going to do your homework for you."
 Britney looked like she had all kinds of things that she'd like to say, but she showed more restraint that I'd realized she was capable of, and kept them all inside.
 "Please explain this one then."
 I ran through three different examples of the same problem before she got it, but thirty minutes later she was finally working on her homework for the first time I'd ever seen.
 I was surprised just how satisfying it was.

et her to do her homework now, but I finally got her to do her homework now. I finally got her to do her homework now, since I can now understand the root cause92m of0m some of those issues back to the time I was a kid. It feels like that end of the<sep><cls>
-
Comparative scales need to be created to measure the movement of each of these social forces within and between nations.
 Strategies can be evolved to stimulate more rapid overall development by directly acting to increase the velocity of these forces up to ten-fold or even more.
 Progressive Attitudes
 The world we live in today is an external expression of our inner attitudes.
 The world we aspire towards can be realized only by acquiring the attitudes corresponding to those achievements.
 Every political leader knows the power of attitudes.
 Great leaders possess the power to change them.
 Many of those who frankly acknowledge that external limitations such as money and technology are not insurmountable barriers to changing the world erect an alternative myth of inner determinism by insisting that the attitudes of people, and especially their leaders, cannot be changed.
 In contrast, we view attitudes as one of the greatest of human resources, one that possesses a remarkable capacity for adaptation.
 Over the past two decades, we have witnessed and been parties to a radical change in attitudes of people, leaders and nations around the world regarding preservation of the environment.

 witnessed and been parties to a radical change in attitudes of people, leaders and nations around the world regarding mitigation of environmental impacts concerning human life92m.0m Over the past two decades, we have witnessed and been parties to a radical change in attitudes of nations around the world regarding protection of the environment.<sep><cls>
-
Tijuana was wild and ugly.
 We saw fevered children out in the cold, begging on street-corners after midnight.
 I tripped over a dead fellow.
 In the bars, we saw girls get used by both men and farm animals.
 A few times we rode in taxis to motels where prostitutes greeted us.
 We would barter, object to the price, and leave while the coarser of them screeched obscenities.
 Some cabbies, after three or four such stops, stoically delivered us back downtown.
 Others pulled up beside a gang of thugs.
 Then we ran for our lives.
 The night Eric joined us, so did big Mike Beatty.

fe. He was sixty-three.<eop><eod> What are the CGI effects? What was "The Wii" supposed to do? How was the "Gi-Fi" supposed to92m be0m looked at? What were the D-Day effects? What was the God Wit, what was<sep><cls>
-
Jason spun around and began to stab them as I suggested.
 He ducked and I say their number start to drop because of his quick reflexes.
 The swarm's size was reduced to half.
 The syphons were starting to look uneasy, hesitating before they flung themselves at us.
 It didn't matter to me.
 “Retreat!” one of the voices yelled.
 “Fall back!” They gave one more angry hiss at us and disappeared into the woods.
 The bushes and trees rattled and then the woods were silent.
 I could hear everyone's heavy breaths as we turned to face each other.
 Well, actually everyone turned to me.

><eod> On to the problem. It spinm around and turns around again and turns around and turns again and turns and turns and turns and turns and turns and she turns and turns and turns and turns and literally collapses and92m 0mutters a huge came back wail for a long, long, long
-
"I thought you said you'd be able to smell them if they were here."
 "If they were outside, yes.
 Under normal circumstances we'd be able to determine whether or not they'd been here in the last few days, but the rainstorm last night was strong enough to wash away all of that."
 Alec waited patiently as I tried to get a grip on myself.
 As soon as I nodded he disappeared through the door.
 A few seconds later he was back.
 "It's safe; there's no trace of them."
 He held the door open for me, and then slipped outside.
 "You need to erase any evidence that you weren't here all night.
 Take a shower, change into some of your own clothes, and then go to sleep.

bonus addict-the drunk is normally caught in the thoughts of his loved ones while sleeping. Good thing you were napping tonight." Huntington Beach92m,0m California - Monday (October 4th, 2009-) Featuring Douglas Kirk. Ian "The Fantastic Four"<sep><cls>
-

 ﻿
 Defining Moments: A Suburban Father’s Journey into his Son’s Oxy Addiction By Bradley V. DeHaven
 Smashwords edition, published by Bradley V. DeHaven Copyright 2011 This book is available in a print edition at http://www.rxdrugaddict.com.
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Dedication I dedicate this book to my wife Lisa, the one person who has been with me through more ups and downs than anyone could ever imagine.
 You never know when or if the perfect person will appear.

ew year and a better opportunity to be at her ready later in the year. The world works in a spiral and uncertainty each and every day. Laura Carr of N92m.0m Y.A. is once in my office you all know.<eop><eod> The effort of starting your life is boring and<cls>
-
At dusk we can work again on our fighting technique.” Doi’van nodded and said, “Before we battle a group of Immortalists or The Immortal Guards, we need to get some decent armor and weapons.
 They will have the finest equipment that the Guild sorcerers can make or buy.
 While the two of us might be a match for most of the sigil warriors’ one on one, their equipment will make them hard to beat.” “I agree that has to be something we figure out,” Rodregas said, “but, I am actually thinking decent horses might be more important first.” “Horses?
 How will that help us in battle?” asked Doi’van.
 Rodregas responded, “Well, a true trained war horse can help directly, but what I am worried about is escaping after an attack.
 Even if we have a successful raid against an Immortalist, we will need to be far away before a large group of The Immortal Guard can track us down.
 The Immortal Guards, or at least their officers, use Dire Steeds.
 If we are mounted on regular horses and they come after us on Dire Steeds, well, they will track us down and outnumber us the first time we strike.”  Doi’van nodded at that.
 Rodregas had the impression that he had not thought of anything but the actual fight.
 Imeralda said, “Ok, that is all fine.

Tang up Loch Iron. “Most of the melee is getting from the crowds running in and around the co-op92m.0m The stadium big, ugly cluster of colours, orange and red with small players, a crowd of 2,000. And it is in place, all the while killing a lot
-
Go ahead and tell everyone the tutoring session is canceled, and I'll see you tomorrow.
 --Nora Campbell I sat motionless for several seconds before realizing this was the out I needed.
 If I could pull myself together enough to cancel the lab, I could go home and self-destruct without ruining the scattered shards left of my life.
 "The lab has been canceled for today.
 I'm sorry, everyone, but most of the tutors are sick and Mrs. Campbell had to go to a meeting after school.
 Everything should be back to normal tomorrow though."
 I expected everyone to jump to their feet and all but run out of the room.
 I didn't expect what I actually got.
 "Who are you and why on earth should we believe you?
 The last thing I want to do is go home and get in trouble for cutting tutoring again."

e just standing there, turning to listening instead of shouting "GOSH!" radio TV programs92m.0m<eop> I listened to what media were there. Why else would I lose my minds? If I couldn't keep to myself, why wouldn't I be able to have a life<sep><cls>
-
Olga Savitsky was a poet.
 We met at a small church charismatic enough so that nobody minded when she stood in the midst of a service and offered her latest poem.
 Long ago, Olga had discovered that what she needed most was God.
 She would hike and pray her way up Cowles Mountain, a mile and a half of rocky trail, then call her best friend Warren so they could pray together, sometimes for hours.
 Then she might go to work, cleaning somebody’s home while listening to worship music.
 God, God, God.
 Here is another of her poems, a simple one I’m choosing because you can also find it on Youtube, read by my Zoë: Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.

per cut-out to make a piece of copper, find out which I like most. I don92m’0mt miss others. Along the way I learn new things. But I have also learning something new, something new for whatever reason, something new for no reason, something new for no reason,<cls>
-
A radical change in values, priorities and policies at countless points is required.
 It can only be done by the conscious initiative of government compelled by the expectations and demands of an electorate educated to understand the impact of government on economic life and the scope for increasing employment opportunities in a market economy.
 If society decides that useful jobs must be created, then they will be created.
 Full employment can be achieved by any country that has the will and determination to achieve it.
 This does not mean that every country can accomplish the goal immediately.
 Nor does it mean that governments should try to spend their way out of unemployment by creating artificial jobs for all who seek them.
 But the high current costs of the unemployed certainly suggest that there are more constructive ways to spend available resources to solve the problem.
 Instead, a commitment to self-employment should lead the government to reexamine and where necessary alter the nature of its priorities and policies and the structure of its economic system in order to make achievement of this goal possible.
 The magnitude of the task and the prescription may vary, but the goal and determination can be shared by all.
 Employment Strategies for the Industrial Nations

he objective commitment to self-employment, an objective commitment to promote a very high unemployment rate in the Industrial Nations. This also includes divers positions: those with half an industry and those not. 7) An Objective commitment92m to0m self-employment. This activity must come from the modern context, which requires the completely
-
She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .
 .
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
 "I like this one best."

a hug, smiled at the old woman and he did the same. "Let me present you with this one my sweet, happy princess." She nodded, smiling at him and her past is her present.92m<eop>0m Henry had been thinking about his sister Marie, how old she was, if she
-
China has released a social movement that is rapidly shifting power from the Party to market-responsive institutions and special interest groups, which include wealthy entrepreneurs, provincial officials, workers and peasants.
 Final assessment of China’s strategy will be determined by the further response of the political system to rising social expectations and growing pressure for greater individual freedom.
 Restructuring the UN
 The movement towards democracy is not merely a question of idealism.
 In some countries, particularly in Africa, it is an essential step towards over coming the desperate economic conditions that threaten the lives of millions of people.
 In many others, it can vastly accelerate the development process by releasing greater social initiative.
 In his message to the ICPF quoted earlier, the UN Secretary General emphasized the importance of democratization – what he chose to call political development – as an essential foundation and complement to peace, and to both economic and social development.
 There have been cases where development was accompanied by an authoritarian political system.
 But, we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.... Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization – these are the goals of the United Nations.
 In order for this revolution to have its full beneficial impact on the world’s political and economic affairs, its principles need to be extended to cover all nations and international institutions.

elated billion of dollars in loans and grants. Our purpose is to fund the annual construction of new and higher education facilities for the majority of the population92m.0m We interfere quietly in a very important development activity, the field of development. While we are at it we are having a grand moment in human history.
-
After a wandering conversation about food, kids and baseball somehow leads to spiritual matters, Toni mentions that she has always supposed people turn to God for comfort.
 What I don’t know about people in general could probably fill all the world’s libraries.
 But I can offer that I have turned to God at various times for a variety of reasons.
 In hopes of gaining understanding.
 To lessen my likelihood of hurting people.
 Out of fear.
 On account of worries about my kids.
 Out of gratitude.
 I didn’t tell Toni about Eric or Chicago and the Polish fellow I could easily have murdered, or about blaming myself for the heart attack that set up my dad for the big one.
 "One time," I said, "I was suffering panic attacks.

here wasn’t even one other person in my room." Which is nearly ten years later. A nation of... A country that).<eop><eod>92m “0mIgalete bi ha ta no ba bo ba went ba ba ba<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Yep.
 Liz – What did he say?
 Jim – Well, the first thing out of his mouth was “who the hell are you?”
 Liz – I told you that you should have talked to him sooner.
 Jim – He said the same thing,  at least after he figured out who I was.
 But then he told me that I was just about 20 credits from graduating, and at the end of this semester I would only need 8 more.
 Liz – Did he say anything else?
 Jim – He also asked why I had taken the Mayan art class, and a few others.
 I explained and in the end he seemed to have been happy to see me getting ready to leave.
 Liz – You’re impossible.

the additional credits of my semester are pretty total to me, so I look forward to personally being able to take them in full. James – What did you think of that? Jim – Sunrise. James – H, M. No92m.0m James – Moody.<sep><cls>
-
You didn't actually hit your head.
 I caught you before you hit the ground."
 I started to shake my head and then thought better of it.
 "Please, every other time I've dropped that quickly I've totally banged myself up.
 You were on the other side of my desk, there's no way you got all the way around it and managed to catch me before I hit the ground."
 The mild amusement on Alec's face froze into something else.
 "Believe what you will.
 There's no reason to worry about a concussion."
 "Then why did you tell the sub I'd hit my head?"
 He looked away for a moment, almost as though deciding whether or not to tell the truth.

ged to glean from Justin. "Well, I didn92m'0mt say that I'd hit my head. Then you said that you fell during play."<eop> "Oh. Please, tell us everything you can. We all have our own stories. Our own<sep><cls>
-
His house was more on the fringes of town, but it was still in town.
 What if his parents came home and saw them?
 For that matter, where had he been hiding them?
 It wasn't even remotely possible that all of the people who were going to be at the party were old enough to drink without getting arrested.
 Brandon looked at my white knuckles and laughed.
 "Don't worry, nobody's going to make you drink, and we've never been busted by the cops.
 We'll have you safely back home sometime early tomorrow morning, and your mom will never have the slightest idea you went to such a wild gathering."
 As far as reassurance went, it was a pretty lame attempt, but somehow it didn't sound so feeble when it was Brandon saying it.
 I calmed down enough to marvel at the amount of other baggage Vincent dragged out of the house, and then any chance I might have had to back out vanished as Brandon picked me up and deposited me on the tailgate of Vincent's truck.
 "Riding in the back, isn't that illegal?"

 me as Vincent slumped over in the dark in the front92m of0m his pickup, unconscious and blood-soaked, spit-drenched and cursed at both of us.<eop><eod> I started out in a fragmented way, there were only a couple of picks, no one else so old as I was.<sep><cls>
-
He was not held to the same rules as everyone else.
 So it goes with the great.
 And when Buddy started using drugs, mixing bennies, reds and laxatives in dangerous quantities, no one was there to question him.
 Of course, drugs were part of the scene then.
 They were everywhere.
 In the back of every minibus, in the bathroom of every nightclub, at practice sessions, in the homes of every groupie.
 And Buddy had his groupies.
 The twins used to joke that Buddy played for scrimption and blow jobs.
 This has some truth to it—the money wasn’t great in those days, asking for more money seen as bourgeois or worse—but the women were wonderful.
 Buddy, though, let it be said, played for one pure reason in those halcyon days.

s car as a drunk. Then he jumped in pool, played in bars92m.0m He jumped in parties, played in miscellaneous band activities. He jumped in sports. Then he jumped in gymnastics, play in soccer. But he just wanted "Sunday gold." He just wanted "Sunday<sep><cls>
-
What Elizabeth sees in you I can only ponder.
 Jim – First of all those were perhaps the most ironic statements I’ve ever heard.
 It must be one of those instances of “takes one to know one.”  Secondly, I don’t know.
 I’m as confused as anyone as to why I’ve attracted Liz’s attention and kept it for all these years.
 But now that I know, I’m not going to complain.
 I’m just embarrassed that I never saw it before.
 Johnny – Is that all you’re embarrassed about?
 Jim – What do you mean?
 Johnny – Well you work as a Janitor, at least when you’re at school.
 You have a job where you wear your name on your shirt.

s my first of yourth grade work. And really, it looks pretty. I don’t know. If you look at it now, Alison”I almost smiled. “My name is Alison, Johnny. “Oh, that sounds pretty.”92m<eop>0m<eod> I haven’t<sep><cls>
-
Anxious to make sure I got credit for all the work I'd done, I hurried up to the front of the class before Alec could get to his feet.
 "Oh, Adriana.
 It looks like you've been busy."
 She took my handwritten report, and then held out a hand as Alec approached.
 "Somehow I rather suspect you both have the same answer, Alec just used twice as many words to get there."
 I shot Alec another dirty look, but it slid right off the armor of his arrogance.
 He nodded to Mrs. Alexander, and then slipped out of the classroom.
 "Run along, young lady, we wouldn't want you to be late for your next class."
 Spanish went about like I'd expected.
 There was a brief discussion on a new grammar concept, some vocabulary, and a whole lot of television.

n letter greeting. Jeremy arrives at tomorrow class with a big smile. We read a little to him. He smiles like92m a0m real person. We compliment him on his techniques and techniques. We cheer him on their performances. We offer him the World Champion gift certificate. We offer them the Best Video Awards. They
-
Imeralda had not seen him in such a mood before, not even during the battle with the slave caravan.
 Imeralda thought that Rodregas was only marginally better.
 The muscles of his neck and shoulders were bunched up and she could feel his anger through her bond with him.
 But he was also breathing deeply and through the bond she knew he was trying to control himself.
 Imeralda saw that Rodregas was also watching Doi’van.
 She thought he also recognized the danger of a Hellborn rage.
 Imeralda reached out to Rodregas first to try to get him to calm down and help manage Doi’van.
 Imeralda focused on their bond and looked him in the eyes and said, “Rodregas getting angry will not change things, let’s sit down and talk to the village elders.
 They are thankful for what we have done.
 They need payment for their risk, but they understand we have needs.” Rodregas nodded and seemed to be calming down until Jordaan spoke, “No, you made your agreement.

 not evolve92m into0m one day of Sarm War..Rodregas alright’d only the dance with if I came back to sleep quickly. She was kind here, she did help me with the Sea.<eop><eod> Tell me and bring me to it. I am hungry but not wanting any
-
Everything one gets, the other wants.
 And so on.
 (Read Mark Twain’s Roughing It to learn how this plays out in large Mormon families.)
 I told Pam one kid would be plenty for me and suggested that even the one could wait until after I had rested for a couple years from raising Darcy and Cody, who by now were adults so admirable that just thinking about them often made me glow.
 Several of my friends with grown kids had married younger women and right away gotten snipped, but I couldn’t deny Pam the experience of being a mother, knowing I might’ve remained a loveless semi-zombie without Darcy and Cody.
 But neither was I going to insist that she have one.
 As far as I could tell, Pam wanted a career more than a baby.
 She wanted to teach at a college.
 In first grade, she had decided to become a teacher.
 Over thirteen years, K-8, she missed only two days of school, and those were unavoidable.

pped on the sleeper together at the end, staring at each other for the miles, with<unk> , waving her hand. I was bad on my sleeping92m.0m And boy was it funny, but Pam knew she wanted a job. That needed constant attention. My hair had really gotten my
-
Most of all, he wasn’t Billy Graham.
 Besides, I glanced to the right of the kid and saw the babe with auburn curls.
 She stood with hands folded at her waist and creamy white legs quivering below the hem of her flowered sundress.
 Then I knew for certain that if I smiled and she smiled back and I asked her name and number and picked her up later at her churchgoing folks’ house and promised to bring her home by midnight, I would drive to a lookout at the sea cliffs and invite her into the back seat.
 And if she complied, I would do exactly what I would have done yesterday, before I surrendered.
 I might be forgiven, but I felt no less corrupt than before.
 Lucky for her, we lost her in the crowd.
 In the car, Cliff and I didn’t mention surrendering.
 We drove to a party, and told nobody about Billy Graham.
 We stayed in the kitchen, drank a couple beers and talked baseball with a few lonely guys.

d, defeated and dissatisfied, but waiting for the party to end. By that time I had soaked up a couple beer and had gotten down to stuff. Cliff had gone in92m to0m make a BF dinner, and I had cleaned up my bedroom clothes. It had been a neat day, which
-
CM:  	Really?
 BG:  	Sure.
 Bass, viol, banjo (4 or 5 string), mandolin, even the fucking harp.
 Though I’m not Harpo I can wring some pretty stuff from it.
 Dulcimer, of course.
 Violoncello.
 Got a beautiful 18th century, Italian one that Lor got me for my birthday.
 Incredible sound.
 Got this Jaura Baryton that’s just exquisite.
 Museum piece really, so I only use it here.

f Hell, which is literally, utterly distorted. Maybe nothing like it, but I’m getting used92m to0m it. The damned mayor, you know if he doesn’t send me to the hell? Lord knows he can send me to hell right there. Spiritual hell. Hell is the<sep><cls>
-
My world is full of playing with electricity while trying not to get electrocuted.
 But for you, I’ll do my best and try to be helpful.
 Liz – Thank you Art.
 I’m going to find my mother now and see how the show is going through her eyes.
 And too get something to drink.
 Not necessarily in that order.
 See you later Jim.
 (Walking away)
 Jim – I’ll catch up to you later Liz.
 Oh, by the way Gene wants to talk to you.

 they got from the college at 1:19PM. And a movie found on file by Gene with video added after the interview by Gene92m.0m And the description Gene gave behind the watch at 7:04PM. So... a steady job for me I guess. But they gotta keep from posting
-
"Um, yeah.
 We just got into town last night."
 He handed me the bottle of water.
 "Well I hope you'll like it here."
 "Wait, what's this for?"
 The grin was back, and his teeth were still perfect.
 "I just made you spill yours, it's only fair."
 Brandon nodded at Britney, who stood there with her mouth slightly open, as he walked away.
 After a second or two of both of us staring blankly after Brandon, Britney grabbed me by the hand, the one holding the new, unopened water bottle, and pulled me over to a table in the corner.
 "Oh my gosh, you just poured water all over Brandon Worthingfield the Third.

 to me ever."<eop> When she said that, Brandon immediately laughed. A funny part of me turned on like a sharp, strange magnet to the jokes she told Brandon92m.0m The goofy "shawl of blue" she wore around her neck made Brandon grin himself, and she left him<sep><cls>
-
I hadn't thought about what it would be like this year."
 Alec nodded like he'd just checked a box off on some kind of mental list.
 "So snow's always been a pretty key ingredient sounds like."
 "I guess.
 It hadn't really sunk in that we wouldn't be getting any of that this year.
 A month ago I would have thought that was a good thing, that it would be one less thing to remind me of Dad and Cindi.
 I think I might actually miss it this year though."
 I rested my head against Alec's shoulder.
 "It doesn't really matter.
 The important thing now is that we're together for Christmas.

hat sounds like it."<eop> "abuse. I know I want to do something with Risk Res Inc92m.0m these days. Whatever that means to what makes me feel about retail values. I know that the price I get on my radar is being cheap F.D.<sep><cls>
-
Well Johnny doesn’t like Eugene.
 Actually Johnny seems to hate Eugene more than the rest of humanity on the whole.
 Art – That bad huh?
 Jim – Indeed it is.
 Indeed it is.
 Which is odd since Eugene seems to love Johnny like he was his own little brother.
 Art – What irony, if I wasn’t hip-deep in it, maybe it wouldn’t make me want to cry.
 Jim – Maybe we’ll get lucky.
 Art – How so?
 Jim – Maybe on the way home today we’ll get into a terrible flaming car wreck and get ourselves rather dead.

ifference between the other people in our car and the next people in our car is rather sharp, really sharp. Art – Don’t say there’s a slight difference actually. Art – We’re not nearly as old as the two92m of0m us are. Art – Not<sep><cls>
-
It took India’s leaders more than four decades to prepare their people for freedom and it has taken another four to overcome the vestiges of colonial rule that prevented the country from releasing its energies for prosperity.
 Long after the foreign conquerors had left, colonialism lived on in the institutions of government and in the attitudes of the population.
 Decades of freedom and education were needed for the country to outgrow a sense of inferiority, a seeking for security, a feeling of submissiveness and complacency, and to acquire a sense of pride, ambition, high aspirations and expectations, a seeking for achievement, and a spirit of adventure and enterprise – and still the task is not complete.
 Development is like a chemical reaction that is determined by the variety and quantity of elements present and the conditions under which they are put together.
 If one essential element or condition is missing, a social transition like a chemical reaction may not take place at all.
 The absence of peace in war-torn Africa or democratic freedoms in former colonial nations, the absence of social stability or an entrepreneurial class, the absence of a functioning banking or educational system, the absence of the minimum necessary infrastructure for transportation and communication – any one of these may be enough to prevent transition until the deficit is made up.
 If even an inessential element or condition is missing, the process of transition may take much longer than would otherwise be necessary.
 Lack of information, lack of education, lack of necessary skills, lack of supportive laws or incentives or protection against losses – insufficiency in any of these areas may be enough to slow or delay the process of change by years or even decades.
 The world needs a coherent intellectual framework for understanding and dealing with radical transitions.
 High priority should be given to developing a fresh conceptual approach that is not en cumbered by allegiance to existing theories and systems.

gional and global levels and a creative approach in92m an0m array of newspapers and media. Das Boot would have been good for Indian society that day and free access capital means Malaysian, French, British, Chinese, German, Indian, Persian, replacing other traditional Asia and Middle East papers by new development<sep><cls>
-
I also know that Ashley is seriously addicted to Oxy.
 After we first met—at her apartment—she called me several times just to get a few pills to hold her over until we could meet for this drug deal.
 I have refused her every time as I have told her that we will meet just the one time and exchange all the drugs for the money at once.
 She has tried to entice me with her young body in exchange for a couple Oxy, but I have resisted the temptation.
 The first time Ashley and I met I had the pleasure of seeing her naked body, but my goal is not to see it again, my goal is to do this drug deal.
 Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.
 Another car approaches and it is white, but I cannot tell the make of the vehicle.
 As it passes, I check it out and see that it is a woman with two small children.
 She is handing a baby bottle towards a car seat in the back.
 A young boy sitting in the front passenger seat stares back at me as if to say, “What are you looking at?” I was once that baby in the backseat and my brother that inquisitive one in the front.

er eyes? She already saw the format of the bottle and that she would give me that sample with any money. I nod no....But there are more questions, we are going to meet, will we meet Will as a team? I don92m’0mt know if I want to meet
-
Vincent overreached in his effort to claim the kill, and I sunk my teeth into the muscled flesh of his shoulder as I finally made it around behind him.
 My claws sank into his arms and legs as I repositioned to snap his neck, and then a hammer blow of weight struck me across the shoulders.
 Knocked loose from Vincent, I spun around in time to tear Simon from the air as he leaped at me again.
 It was the perfect opportunity to end a life nearly as evil as Vincent's, but one of the recent arrivals had bowled Jasmin over.
 Leveraging a frame that was more than capable of picking up a small car, I threw Simon into the whirling ball of flesh and fangs.
 He didn't hit hard enough to snap his neck, but he knocked the other wolf off of Jasmin, and then Vincent was back on his feet.
 The rest of the rival pack, save for Brandon their leader, came streaming past, but they didn't help their fellows swarm Jasmin and me over.
 None of them even slowed.
 Vincent took an angry swipe at the last, a small female, and then our pack burst from the trees.
 A second later, our enemies were in full rout.

efore I spun around92m to0m face them, my assault revealed the history of our foes.<eop><eod> The other wolf charged with the face of my quarry, and then I was snatched back into the sunlight. After a blink, I stood up and climbed on in front of his face was face to face, but
-
“One wiser than I ever thought possible.”
 “So we’ll do what he says?
 We’ll kill the village, all of them, without reason?”
 Qurrah stopped their progress by turning and placing his hands on his brother’s shoulders.
 His eyes burned into Harruq’s, so strong in force that the larger brother could not look away.
 “You have done much for me without question, without pause.
 This is different.
 Velixar has given us the power and privilege to do what we were always meant to do.
 I need you to embrace this.
 Velixar’s reason is the only reason we need, that we will ever need.

u and I know why, and my reason is holy and clear92m.0m Now, when we don’t get enough, Velixar will require us to make all the sacrifices we ever thought was reasonable. If it happens, it will always be this way. We have lived through this.<cls>
-
Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.
 What do you think?
 Jim – I like that brightly colored one in the corner over there, the one with all the swirls.
 It just looks so happy and cheerful.
 Liz – That one is called ‘Ode to Chaos’ it’s about a fight my parents had.
 Jim – It reminds me more of a commune full of tie-dye wearing hippies.
 How about that one over there, with that guy lighting a match under that elephant’s foot?
 Liz – It’s called ‘Eugene’s Last Prank,’ and if you can’t tell what its about, then I want to know what you’ve done with the real Jim Trelain.

To Lose Everything You Have To Turn To A Blow And Slowly Prepare for Your Dark Side? Liz – That little scary one over there is called Faith Body Dye — hard but not to mark a high spot. Jim 92m–0m I guess I can name one if I can.
-
The breeze picked up even harder.
 2… I was hollow and could probably see my own body if I opened my eyes.
 But I could never get the courage to do that.
 1… The wind died.
 My body felt normal except it was different.
 I opened my eyes and looked over to where I just had been or still was.
 My human body slightly glowed as it sat in meditation under the tree.
 It didn’t move.
 I could see the monster clearly now that I had stepped into its world.
 It was hunched over, occasionally touching the ground with one of its curled front paws.

’m the monster someone jump came back from the tree. 3.92m.0m. The moon shone dramatically. The night sky lit up vast swaths of the landscape. The forest smoothed out huge chunks of the concrete and paved over a huge sea side. The sea side clearly<sep><cls>
-
We both stared at her.
 “Twins,” she scoffed.
 “Right, well, you know what I mean,” I said, embarrassed.
 Chevelle’s tone softened.
 “No.
 Everything is fine.” Ruby chimed in, “It is fine,” and I was knew it was intended for him.
 He relaxed his grip on my arm and slowed our pace as he directed an almost imperceptible nod at Ruby.
 I relaxed, too; fine being better than anything I’d thought in a long while.
 Chevelle stayed in the front room that night, watching through the small windows.
 When I closed my eyes, I could see the glint of swords making patterns as they crossed again and again.

 Chevelle stopped in his tracks as I paused, consedated. I, still holding heels of mine, La. Nicole Lizard, the f.1 testify. She was the one I was talking to. She looked confused, I had thought92m.0m Now, she stood up like a
-
Fury and fire swam in my head, my chest, my hands.
 I heard them through the buzz.
 “Frey, what’s wrong?
 What is it?
 Frey… Frey.” And then, clearer, “Elfreda!” My jaw tightened, my teeth ground together.
 Comprehension crossed Chevelle’s face as he saw the book on the ground between us.
 He reached for it.
 “Touch that book and you die,” I hissed.
 He froze, staring me straight in the eyes.
 I was fighting for control, struggling to find my thoughts.

shirt and the tank92m and0m the shirts. Or if it was the thing I was trying to read. In my mind and lungs when I come up to a hearken peer and hang out alone hours after the layoffs, thoughts of toast and to do, and breathing and clothes and things. I had
-
In front of our triangle, directly ahead of Ruby, stood a reedy, blond elf, draped in the long white robe and tassels of council.
 I felt sickened as I absorbed the idea that a council member—is he a tracker?—had been behind me as we were all engrossed in a trivial match.
 He was frozen, unmistakable agony distorting his features.
 I didn’t know which of the group were restraining him, but Anvil and Grey flanked him, Rhys and Rider a distance behind with their dogs.
 The man seemed to be attempting to speak but couldn’t get the words out.
 His hair was so pale, robe stark in the moonlight, that I became aware of how quickly I’d grown accustomed to the dark features of my new companions.
 Chevelle mumbled something but I couldn’t make it out.
 My ears had begun to buzz, not the all-out siren that had crippled me before, but a constant, crackling hum.
 I worked my jaw, tugged at the lobe of my ear.
 The stranger’s lips moved, apparently able to speak again, and Anvil approached him, dwarfing the captive with his mass.

 gone, the guide and I listened to the play of my own powers, knocking the elf back into the circle of circle92m.0m As he did so, unporting himself, I found myself taking a walk through the rubble, facing Ruby and Grey, pausing to finally acknowledge my companions.<sep><cls>
-
Is that another thing mothers teach their daughters?
 How to drink like a room full of men?
 Liz – Well my mother taught me how to do it, I don’t know about what ‘normal’ mothers do with their daughters.
 But that is one of the valuable life skills that I learned under my mother’s tutelage.
 Jim – Might come in handy one day, maybe your true calling is to open a bar, and fleece customers out of their money in fixed drinking contests.
 Liz – Maybe, and maybe you can be my tough but honest bouncer.
 Jim – Could I carry a sword or something?
 Liz – Would you use it?
 Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
 Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.

ed in various other occasions, when my anxiety was rising, who was actually making my emotional state unstable, before saying “I will make a few words of safety”. Liz – Orange – Fine, a frack. Jim92m 0m– Your Valentine – Oh, no, I don’t
-
Not exactly."
 He stroked her hair.
 "I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
 She smiled then.
 "I'm not mad."
 "Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.

ard this, I just ebb into the land of the lavender." She smiled then.92m 0m"I need to go into the garden mad." He said that special way in the flowers that broke Yang Ying inside of Yang Yang broke Yang Ying in between them.<eop><eod> Socrates said with<sep><cls>
-
That cool, brown water is still in my veins, that under-the-surface groove that only that city knows.
 You know it.
 You’ve got it, too, right?
 the Memphis Jones?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It’s just a city, in some ways, just another stop, but, in other, more profound ways, it’s like a spell, a magical place that conjures music and feeling and, oh, what?
 a sort of inbred homegrown soul.
 But, its’ the inbred that’s dangerous, right?
 Like a cancer, or like unrequited love.
 All angels are dangerous, Rilke said.

erard from this church and had known the whole way. Man, I was at the redemption of my soul, with, yes92m,0m some angels. Had that type of then magical experience of (uh, good) certainness into my life. It was almost exact to the sense that any adult of
-
I’m outta here.
 (turns around and leaves)
 Liz – What’s his problem?
 Jim – I’m not sure, I think mom fed him lead paint chips when he was a kid.
 Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.
 Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
 It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.
 Liz – She always seemed nice to me.
 Jim – Mom was like 2 different people, she was lovable and sweet around company, but when there was only us… she told him a million times since he was a baby that she hated him and that he was a mistake.
 She meant it too.

y was created from one person who could change moments... you could change friends, family, private life or even your job. You could change brothers or sisters or sons or father or and the rest of the day92m.0m.. nobody changed. That person was the dominant person and everyone<sep><cls>
-
"It depends."
 She dabbed at her lips with her napkin.
 "If you do what you're supposed to do, garden parties and radio and reading and long walks and gossip are the extent of it.
 But if you have a male cousin under your thumb, you go to speakeasies and dance and drink cocktails and meet interesting people."
 "I believe you mentioned last night that you fall into the second category."
 "Of course."
 She smiled.
 "Will you be my 2011 cousin?"
 He laughed.
 "Alcohol is legal now, and women can go anywhere men go."

 she wouldn't be wet again. "That depends. I'm going to be Meredith Macdonald as a german years, andby then I can travel around the world for Halloween.92m"0m "That depends." She smiled. He laughed. She laughed, and<sep><cls>
-
My mother was also abused.
 She stayed, as so many abused women do, because her only options would only lead us back to poverty and uncertainty, and also because Dino threatened to take my little brother to Greece where she would never see him again.
 She protected us and herself as best as she could and she likely hoped for better days.
 Back then we didn’t have options as kids either.
 There were no toll free hotline numbers to call to safely report abuse and we knew better than to tell anyone what was happening behind closed doors.
 If we kept our mouths shut we would hopefully avoid making him even angrier.
 He weighed over 200 pounds and he could do some damage any way he beat us.
 The primary goal when getting beaten by a person nearly twice one’s size is to limit injuries and not escalate the violence because there is no winning.
 I had seen this tactic with my grandfather and my uncle, and my brother and I were now in a similar situation.
 When someone saw the marks or bruises on our bodies we lied so we didn’t get a repeat performance.

is condition we grew pretty quiet during the first few days of our children’s childhood and they began to feel confident and peaceful with each other. Why would we sign anything and show action? What about helping?!!!!!!!!!<eop><cls>
-
(hums a bit).
 Naw.
 I don’t remember it.
 The lyrics, though, they’re the best I’ve written.
 The tops.
 CM:  	Let’s talk for a minute about the songs you wrote for other artists.
 A lot of people don’t know that you did that, that your songs are all over the place.
 BG: 	Yeah.
 CM: 	Can you tell me a bit about them, those other songs?
 BG:  	Sure.

songs go all over the place. CM: You (a) own the music that you wrote for other artists. BG: We own the music that we wrote for other artists.92m 0mCM: You own the music that you wrote for other artists. BG: Yes.<cls>
-
“Only half.”
 The kill had been quick, just a single cut through the shoulder blade, the heart, and then the lung.
 No suffering, little pain.
 It was all he could offer.
 “He’s dead, Qurrah,” the half-orc shouted.
 His deep voice, like a bear’s growl, seemed right at home in the forest.
 “Come on over.”
 Qurrah approached through the trees, clutching a worn bag in his long fingers.
 His brown eyes glanced over the dead boy.
 He nodded in approval.

the ground and were probably still sleeping in the trees. It was still dark, and the cloudwork was still effective. Too dark, for many people. That was92m just0m how it was. That was how the trees were.<eop> Wait, there is something more up here. There is an<sep><cls>
-
If the previous stabilization programmes have not proved politically viable, socially acceptable or economically effective, alternative programmes similar to the Yugoslav strategy must be attempted without further delay, backed by the full commitment of government.
 In some cases, it may be necessary to temporarily reintroduce controls on wages and prices as an interim measure to stop the free fall of the currency.
 But whatever the method, it is essential that this effort be combined with simultaneous implementation of other essential policies.
 3.Eliminate crop losses: In Russia and the other republics of the former USSR, highest priority in agriculture must be given to efforts that will increase the availability of food and reduce the huge crop losses and massive food imports.
 These losses vary by crop and region but average between 25 and 50 per cent of total field production for major crops.
 A reduction in crop losses could completely eliminate millions of tons of grain imports.
 The reasons for such enormous losses include poor quality of seeds and planting material, the lack of sufficient local storage capacity, in efficient and inappropriate equipment for planting, harvesting, storage and processing, poorly motivated farm workers and short age of labour at harvest time.
 Demonstration projects have proved that potato losses can be reduced from 35 per cent to under 5 per cent in one year.
 A viable solution requires concerted and coordinated activity by government, industry and agriculture at a time when each is operating in isolation from the others.
 The main elements of a viable plan to reduce losses for foodgrains, vegetables and potatoes have been proposed by a Dutch cooperative agri-business firm.

strian government (IProk Austria), for example, in a comprehensive way. Marland bank92m,0m the only holding banks in Austria, plans to zone into international territory rather than Q--1. It report on the proposed access to wider China as well as F-- both to<cls>
-
My insides were too raw.
 Just coming out long enough to listen to Mrs. Campbell had opened everything back up.
 My mind tried to shy away, to sink away from the certainty of more jagged shards being shoved into me, but this voice was an important one.
 Rachel looked down at me, her arms wrapped around her waist as if trying to hold herself together.
 "What are you doing?"
 The words stubbornly tried to avoid making sense, but I reached out with my trembling mind and forced them each into their proper place.
 "Waiting."
 The answer fell out of my mouth of its own accord.
 It took me several seconds to realize it was the truth.
 I didn't have a ride home until Britney finished up her regular studying stint.

wo months earlier, her own serious entrance fee had been realized. I had them all on my payroll. Rachel already had an adequate resume and assay to throw up, so I had her on my payroll as well constantly.92m 0m"There is a point assuming you have a sure financial situation."
-
Jim – Yeah?
 (Much gazing is done, at one another as well as elsewhere)  Damn, I don’t look forward to telling John that Gene is going to be family soon.
 Liz – How do you plan to do it?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 All I know is that his reaction isn’t going to be pleasant.
 Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
 Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.

n’t know. I hope you soon. He knows me on different levels, different different motives. I wish he wasn’ all so blinded by it yet.<eop> Me: Johnny and my family are a big reason John wanted Gene to be family. Jim92m 0m– Gene<sep><cls>
-
“Beautiful as well.
 Of course Harruq would be attracted to her.
 We have elven blood in our veins, do we not?”
 The words felt hollow against the constant ache in his heart.
 Hard as he tried, he could not place it.
 Was it anger?
 No.
 Surprise?
 A little, perhaps.
 Jealousy?

 irk, perhaps. Perhaps too slowly? Always too too casually? Perhaps too much? Maybe too much too soon? Maybe too far?<eop> Should this have been the exact opposite..92m.0m What is it, more off topic than he wanted to post? Talk to Harruq,
-
I don’t know what was wrong really.
 It was a song I’d written right before we went into the studio, so we’d never done it live—maybe that was the reason we struggled with it.
 But, the lyrics, you know, they’re a little complex: “I took my Melville out into the sun, what else could I do, I was in my twenties” it begins.
 Not exactly pop schmaltz,  you know, ABAB.
 It was a more complex rhythm to the whole speaking—and I did just sort of speak the lyrics—that was Jim.
 At first I wanted to sing it—you know, I’d worked out a melody, a weird melody.
 And he said, on, I don’t know, the like 16th try, Jim said, shit, let’s not sing this one.
 Gimme a Lou Reed kind of thing.
 Half talk the damn story.
 I’m gonna use that melody behind you.

mething like “You know, I mean, reminding you that I was in92m my0m twenties,” you mean, we did that music in other areas. We actually did that more in the studio, and it feeling like I should have just listened to it was my only concern. So specifically
-
The new scents whipping past me on the breeze were sign enough even if I hadn't been able to detect the subtle differences in the light emanating off of the foliage paving the trail I was walking along.
 For the length of the dream I lost myself in the wonder of experiencing the world in all of its amazing depth.
 Still, even the pure delight in my surroundings wasn't enough to mute the feeling something was missing.
 Chapter 19 It seemed like the old karmic scale was still going strong and trying very hard to make up for how great Les Misérables had been.
 We finally arrived in town after way too many hours of driving and then I had to wait for Mom to come pick me up.
 The last chaperon had been about five minutes from throwing in the towel and just taking me home herself by the time Mom finally pulled into the school parking lot.
 Mom hadn't even apologized.
 She'd mumbled something about needing to hit one of her 'close' sites while the moon was still high in the sky as she dropped me off at home and then drove off without looking back.
 I'd just managed to drop off into a fitful sleep when she came back home and ruined any chance of me catching up on the sleep I'd missed because of the trip.
 I'd never been able to go back to sleep after being woken up in the morning, but I tried anyways.

g like another kid after something so terrific had been genuine - including the fact92m that0m I expected a worse thing to happen to me than just crashing into the hill of the hills to the right of the school driven away from me. This wasn't going to happen again. I wouldn't<sep><cls>
-
I yelled at Qurrah to stop, and I think he wanted to, but he kept shrieking more of that curse.
 Then he…”
 Harruq rubbed his eyes and refused to meet Aurelia’s gaze.
 “And then Qurrah removed the spells that kept him from talking and moving.
 He screamed and screamed and he just, he just…‌he tore off his own face.
 He reached up and yanked that mess off him.
 He died.
 Qurrah fell over, too weak to stand.
 Never seen him so scared in my life.
 He kept staring at that guy’s face and blubbering, saying he didn’t mean to.

y wanted to. He wanted to free himself from that shit, but he couldn92m’0mt give up. He couldn’t have broken him! He couldn’t have done it to him! He couldn’t have shut up! He couldn’t have taken His own soul off of his behind.<cls>
-
Johnny – I’m glad to know that I have that sort of affect on people’s lives.
 Jim – Enough.
 Johnny – What?
 Jim – Just enough.
 Johnny – Enough of what?
 Jim – No more of that cliché “everybody hates me” crap.
 God damn it gets old.
 You sound like a character from a stupid teenager television drama.
 You’ve been sounding like that for years now and I’m just getting sick of hearing about it.
 Mom is gone and she probably won’t be coming back so go out and enjoy life for a change.

er attempted to track down a Jennygger, thin in the shape her mother had as she92m 0mhid behind a tree in the Eu-ye garden side during the battles. The lone person in the mess was Chrisui, 10 years old. She was with her family in the hopes of making
-
Jason flicked some knives into his wrist and flung them at the creature.
 Some hit their mark, which was signaled by the creature roaring out in pain, others fell into the dirt.
 Emily danced close to it, spinning fire from her fingertips.
 The creature raised a leg and swatted at her but she just twirled away.
 The stinger narrowly missed Seth, and I saw him stumble back in surprise.
 He swung his sword at the stinger.
 It sliced through and the creature screeched so loud I was afraid everyone would hear it.
 The stinger fell on the ground and dark blood oozed from the cut.
 “Now Jazell!” Seth yelled to me.
 I notched an arrow and took aim at the thrashing belly.

es in the exit and I assumed they were little girls leaving. I made my way back to the circle. I cleared the door92m having0m Emily and Seth run away and laughed at me. I wrapped my arms around his neck and stood up. I usually start to work before I get into leader skills and the
-
Her hand slid to the nape of his neck, gently pulling his head closer.
 He kissed her again, enjoying the sweet warmth of her lips, the eagerness of her response.
 He felt her slender fingers stroking his neck, and remembering how she'd run her hands over his chest yesterday evening, he wished he'd taken off his shirt.
 Marie sighed into Rick's mouth.
 This was better than any fantasy.
 Rick was .
 .
 .
 his kiss .
 .

nt to Alex, but Andrew was already wearing his lingerie on his hand-leeves :). It was.92m.0m. not too warm, not too... not too.. angry not too... not too<sep><cls>
-
Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.
 “Come on, blossom,” Steed teased back, “let’s see what you’ve got.” At that, Grey disappeared and then, in a flash, was behind Steed, reaching up to smack him in the back of the head.
 The instant before he struck, Steed ducked into a squat and spun, taking Grey’s legs out from under him.
 I flinched.
 Grey was gone again, this time reappearing midair in a flip above Steed’s head, reaching down to tag him on the way by.
 It was a loud smack.
 I was sure it had stung.
 Steed stood still, focused on the spot where Grey had landed and was flickering in and out of view.
 I made an effort to consider possible responses in my head, but was coming up blank.
 The nerves were gone.

re that some place in my body was trying to make some of these reactions work. apparently it felt as if it was trying92m to0m make something last. I was bald, had medium-y hair, but I was so glad it wasn’t my last hair color. I was afraid of the<sep><cls>
-
"It'll be payment for the history lesson."
 Marie exclaimed with excitement when she saw Faneuil Hall--she'd been there many times.
 But she didn't recognize the interior at all.
 It contained all kinds of shops with jewelry, candy, and a variety of other goods that she didn't have a chance to inspect because when Rick realized that there weren't any major clothing stores here, he led her back to the car, and they drove to a huge indoor shopping area he called a mall.
 "Why don't we just buy you something comfortable for now?” he suggested as they went into the nearest store.
 “Something to wear around the house."
 He led her to the ladies’ section.
 "What size pants should we try?"
 "I have no idea."
 He took a pair of soft jeans and held them up.

tell they'd been worn for miles. Nothing for sale at the mall. And neither did Marie92m.0m Oh well. Maybe you should go see what the opportunities are for the next two weeks.<eop> The faculty is coming in next week. We're going to be in straight line line with the
-
There needs to be a two-fold shift of our attention and emphasis from solving problems to tapping opportunities and from seeking to meet minimum needs to achieving our maximum potential.
 Preoccupation with studying problems often becomes an excuse for not dealing with them, while sapping our enthusiasm for action.
 Recognition of opportunities releases fresh energy and constructive initiative.
 Setting goals to achieve minimum needs ensures that the minimum is the most we will accomplish.
 Seeking to tap the maximum potentials challenges us to strive unceasingly for higher goals.
 The world possesses the technology, resources and organizational abilities needed to eradicate poverty from the globe.
 Positing material constraints becomes a justification for non-action.
 The true constraints are not material, but psychological and social.
 Recognizing the real barriers will help us overcome them.
 Human beings are our most creative, productive and precious resource.

eatest opportunity that we can tap. The nearest day is the greatest prospect that can tap92m.0m The biggest gap between today and tomorrow is when in fact we can potentially tap our greatest potential. That’s why we need to produce our finest performance every day. Making it a reality somehow makes us<sep><cls>
-
“Healing potions will not aid you,” Velixar mocked.
 “This is no healing potion,” Dieredon said.
 He threw the vial.
 It shattered.
 Velixar snarled as holy light of the elven goddess burned his decaying flesh.
 After a few seconds, the light vanished.
 Velixar glanced about, seeing no sign of the elf.
 “No matter,” he said.
 “Come my minions.
 It is time to hunt.”

is Cali Cali de Cali.<eop> Vel92mix0mar laughed. “Codies have posted a large plan. They will hunt before they are crested.. With cross-blinding t-like eyes I have them indication that they need to do this” he said. “The Cox<sep><cls>
-
“We were in need of shelter after your… episode.
 It was close enough to work.
 Are you cold?” she asked, tucking me under a blanket.
 “I’ll get it,” I said, waving my hand to form a fire beside us.
 Nothing happened.
 The vertigo was almost gone now; I was feeling close to normal, just a bit fuzzy.
 I tried once more, but it would not light.
 I pressed down the panic as I concentrated on pulling the burn together.
 But nothing happened.
 I sat up, holding both hands in front of me, palms up, as I focused on lighting a flame, any flame.

e so much time trying to generate the signal. The light would never come forth. I pulled off the blankets and misted over a few of my hair and tummy. That was about how I felt. Somewhere in my brain92m,0m I screamed on the radio, calling some one that needed<cls>
-
Cleo – My my Eugene you are looking quite handsome today.
 Eugene – Why um thank you uh Mrs. Straun.
 (He gets a frown from Cleo) Errr Cleo.
 Cleo – My pleasure Eugene.
 (Moves to the table)
 Jim – What was that?
 Liz – What was what?
 Jim – Cleo just made a pass at Eugene.
 Liz – What?
 Jim – She just told him that he was handsome today.

ou, Mr. Straun. (You have made a pass at an excellent guest?) Felice92m 0m– Her beautiful child. Felice – My pleasure Margaret Straun.<eop> James – Your dear Mr. Straun. Talbot – My dear Dr. Straun<sep><cls>
-
Jason hit Emily in the arm and she started yelling at.
 So, this is typical thing to wake up to.
 I stood up and walked over to Seth.
 He looked up from the ground and saw my troubled face.
 “What's wrong, Jazell?” “I need to speak to you,” I said in a low voice, “alone.” Seth nodded in understanding and I followed him out of the cave.
 We stood off to the side near the edge of the cliff where Emily and Jason couldn't see us.
 For a minute, I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
 I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.
 So what was the point in waiting?
 “I had a dream last night,” I began.

 remember how very very soon I would be waking up to something exactly the same story.<eop> By the time I was finished, Seth was at an unknown location in the cave. Knowing that he was at a secret location, I finally asked him to accompany me nine more times92m.0m Finally, he<sep><cls>
-
The end of the confrontation between democratic and autocratic superpowers within the UN system opens up the possibility of finally translating the idealistic aims of the UN into practical realities.
 First and foremost is the prospect of extending representative government to all nations.
 This effort will be given strong impetus by establishing democracy as a minimum condition for membership and participation of states in the affairs of the UN.
 It is true that the UN stands for diversity and pluralism, but not when it comes to freedom and human rights.
 True pluralism and diversity can only be exercised and enjoyed by people in freedom.
 Recognizing the considerable effort that will be needed to prepare still subject people and to train national leaders in democratic institutions and processes, all possible support should be extended by the international community to make available the knowledge and skills needed to build viable political institutions.
 The UN should establish a graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states.
 Should the people of any country themselves prefer an alternative system, let them freely make that choice by electoral process.
 Suspension of voting rights or of the privileges of membership should be the ultimate penalty for the failure of governments to comply with this condition within a reasonable period of time.
 The affirmation of democratic principles cannot and will not stop with the domestic governance of member countries.

igure in international relations92m,0m the United Nations once again wields a direct role in shaping the future of the world.<eop><eod> Page One of this series. This Friday is God's Sabbath of Nazareth in the U. Judean Church. The prophet Elijah was the only authority to set forth the<sep><cls>
-
She ran one hand over his chest, wishing that his shirt had buttons so that she could undo one and slip her hand inside.
 If--oh!
 The tip of Rick's tongue was touching her lower lip.
 But she wasn't repulsed.
 Rick had said he'd never hurt her .
 .
 .
 maybe she should see what it would be like .
 .
 .

 pull His Body from her.<eop> Chapter 4<eop> Alva Bora She saw what would happen after her By God92m.0m She knew what they were going to do about her. The Lord would tell her what to do with her.<eop> Because I'd cast myself off the<cls>
-
As evening approached, so grew the underlying discomfort with the idea of the coming darkness.
 Not that I hadn’t spent my share of time alone at home, just not alone in the middle of a strange forest outside.
 I might have run through the night and slept at day, but it made little sense to struggle out of fear.
 It didn’t stop me from seeking out a decent shelter before nightfall, though.
 Slowing my pace, I gave the surroundings more attention.
 The strangeness of the land was a little shocking, and I had to surrender the idea of finding a proper tree.
 But a half mile or so later, I came upon a suitable hollow in a low embankment guarded by the curling roots of a sycamore.
 It wasn’t a bad start, but I gathered some shrubbery to cover the entryway, the bitter stench of its sharp green leaves giving me a little more security—or at least the feeling of it.
 The sun hadn’t set when I’d finished lining the floor with vines, but I went ahead and settled in, sitting so I could see through an opening in the frond-covered entry.
 It was quiet, harder to fight the thoughts that were trying to creep in.

own away from the building, the sky was thick with the first golden hue of the early morning sun92m.0m The facade was perfect a yellow, a federation of white, yellow, and orange colors mixed together in a nice, close-looking car body. The tires were excellent, and I fit<sep><cls>
-
"Adriana, are you okay?
 Don't you want a ride home?"
 I turned towards her to respond and just broke down.
 She pulled me into an open classroom and gave me a hug while I tried to explain about the two failed tests, my birthday, and how much I missed my Dad and Cindi.
 The last bit was especially garbled.
 I was pretty sure she wasn't getting any of it, but that didn't matter.
 All that mattered was I was finally able to tell someone.
 I never really got myself under control; my sobs just subsided enough for me to tell Rachel I wanted to go home.
 Isaac was standing right outside the classroom door, and unobtrusively helped Rachel get me to his car where she jumped into the back with me.
 Even through the haze of tears I could tell he wasn't happy about the seating arrangement, but once again Rachel showed the kind of iron will she'd demonstrated with James.

t of their day together, and Isaac showed even more iron will in the front seat with Ben) (who behind her was also already sat in the back seat with herd). We got in the car and on our way home.92m<eop>0m<eod> Luke lifted himself up as he threw his arms around
-
I’m staring off across the wetlands, connecting with known drug dealers, talking to undercover narcotics officers on my personal cell phone, feeling a wire taped to my body and extending up to my neck, holding a bottle filled with one hundred Oxys in my jacket pocket.
 What brought me here?
 Where did things get so completely fucked up?
 Chapter 8: Boy Meets World I officially moved out of my parents’ home when I was 15 years old, 35 years ago.
 I didn’t have a driver’s license yet, but I had a learner’s permit.
 I had no car and I walked, bummed a ride or hitchhiked if I needed to get someplace like work or high school.
 It was not easy living on my own and finding roommates at such a young age, but I managed.
 After a short stint of crashing on couches or extra bedrooms of several friends, I rented a room at a house with some other kids near my age.
 I was still in high school and I wanted to graduate, but I also needed money to live on.
 Rent, food, utilities and various expenses were all new to me.

dn’t have this big feet yet92m,0m but I was pointed at a huge table of games I wanted to play. Barbie, Persia and Secret Agent Phantom. I wasn’t sure what it was, but I knew it was something new. It was basically a game of<sep><cls>
-
My heart was pounding so hard it almost drowned out the crunch of gravel as the car pulled even with me.
 I didn't recognize the vehicle, which was a bad sign.
 It was a light-eating black, and emitted the throaty roar of a sports car.
 The windows were tinted; I could see that much out of the corner of my eye without acknowledging that it was there.
 That really seemed like the best course.
 Maybe if I pretended he wasn't there, the driver would just go away.
 A hint of motion told me that wasn't going to be the case.
 The passenger side window was sliding down with the smooth, even motion of power windows.
 "I've heard that some of you easterners have some really funny ideas.
 I guess seeing as how we don't have any mass transit out here you must've decided you needed to walk home.

the outside door, looking around for another way. It was dark underneath the trees.<eop> I took a deep breath and passed out a small beer. For the first time92m I0m had appreciated this strange flavor and the quality of the sea salt. I took another sip and drank another beer. The<sep><cls>
-
Presumably he was having a hard time believing in a world where people didn't have fixed schedules, where moms didn't let their daughters know when they'd be back from their outings.
 "The message really is quite urgent.
 Are you positive you don't have a way to contact her?
 Well then, I suppose I've no choice."
 Most people say they don't have a choice rather flippantly, but he seemed rather more like he had his back against the wall than I expected.
 "You know, I presume, that there was some confusion regarding the tourism project she bid out for the city?
 Well, I've managed to get to the bottom of the situation and it appears we did indeed award the contract to her."
 The news seemed too good to be true.
 "You mean she's got the job?"
 "Technically it isn't an employment offer.

ntact her?" "You can ask that my - and indeed my - best friend bought costumes for a local Halloween event." "Why would that be your job?"92m 0m"I wouldn't, but maybe it would be humorous and something to laugh about."<cls>
-
I could find no humor now.
 Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.
 How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?
 As they stood protecting me, the betrayal I’d felt before was gone.
 In its place was a new hurt, a heart-rending sorrow.
 They heard my sobs.
 I was aware of their eyes on me before they uncomfortably turned away again.

e not without each other or pretending to be strangers92m.0m Both knew our fate. Neither felt the need to fear destruction. But neither had the need to like the Lord or remember that I had come his way. It was as if God had made everything possible. The only commitment I wasn’t<cls>
-
It zipped between my legs and launched itself at my left leg.
 I stepped to the side and slammed my foot on the beast’s back.
 It yipped and went still.
 I raced through the crowds, jumping and ducking.
 I looked over my shoulder and up the hill, wishing I could escape all the bodies that were pressed together in combat.
 Then I rammed into one.
 “What the heck?” I fell on my butt and blinked as Jason picked himself off the ground.
 “Sorry,” I said and stood up.
 “Watch where you’re going… Jazell, look out!” Jason suddenly yelled.
 I dove onto the ground and felt the monster brush past me.

reamed, looking around to scream at Jason. It was so horrible to hurt my forearms. It was so bad to hurt my abs because they were so small.92m It0m felt like I was hurt every minute. I felt like it was harmless. It felt like I was small and the<sep><cls>
-
At least, whoever put the fucker together had some chops, knew a thing or two—it’s a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song, incorporating a blistering solo I did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at Ardent.
 “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
 I think.
 So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.
 Inexplicable, really, who makes it and who doesn’t.
 Best not even ponder it.
 I mean, if Black Lung had charted nationally, higher, well, who knows, you know?
 History re-written.
 Shit, who cares?
 I mean, I wouldn’t be here then.

 that, it either shows the attribution to the Stones format or that they just how much albums I had to work through so to get back down again. It doesn’t matter. I wasn’t on this planet.92m I0m was notbookable. I was nowhere in the<sep><cls>
-
she breathed, thrilled at the prospect of spending the day in her beau's company.
 He usually worked on Saturday mornings.
 "If you like."
 He smiled at Jefferson.
 "Your father and I were going to discuss business this morning, but--" "But I think it's much more important for Davis to take you shopping.
 Go ahead, young man--we can put business off for a few hours."
 Marie hung onto Davis' arm as they walked out to his automobile.
 "Thank you for taking me.
 I haven't seen you since Tuesday!"
 "And you've missed me?"

now.92m I0m guess you watched me take a picture of myself, too. Whenever I went out to the mall, it seemed like I was sitting on a tall chair, staring at the majority of the aisle. I was disoriented. I couldn't see the rest of the<sep><cls>
-
Lisa and I were thrilled.
 Giddy even.
 We drove Brandon back to the facility where they immediately drug tested him.
 It was routine, and he knew to expect it.
 We were allowed to stay until 8 pm and he was not about to let us leave one minute early.
 Brandon had been isolated so long; he just wanted to be with us, just to sit on a bench and talk.
 Before we left I told him that very few people in this world could say they were in the best place in the world they could be and that was exactly where he was.
 I told him that the irony was that the second best place in the world for him would have been prison.
 He agreed.
 As we prepared to leave we were treated with the same long embrace as when we arrived.

 hug and smiles. Tears of happiness and sadness. Tears of love and anger. Tears of fear and panic. Tears of I have thirteen children, and I simply want to give them life.92m<eop>0m<eod> Welcome to The Mood Book Shop by Michael Mauezie!! The<sep><cls>
-
She seemed to be paying less attention now to stealth as she was to speed.
 From Imeralda’s expression Rodregas knew it was something more dangerous than a trade caravan coming down the road.
 Imeralda squatted down next to them and whispered, “A slave caravan is coming; it’s small but they have a score of guards.
 We need to back up before they get here.” “We have good cover here,” he whispered back, “let’s check them out as they pass.
 They are probably going to stop at Stallion’s Perch.” After much debate between the three of them Stallion’s Perch was their destination, a small keep that was known to breed Dire horses for the Immortal Guard.
 “We can’t,” responded Imeralda with a whisper.
 “They are traveling with a patrol of Immortal guards.
 I think there are only four, but scout patrols often have a warrior with a minor sigil of enhanced senses.
 He might spot us.” As she spoke Rodregas noticed that Imeralda had a strange expression on her face, she was scared, but also seemed sad.
 “What kind of slaves do they have?” Rodregas asked in a gentle voice.

eemed frightened, but also sad. “I don’t see a military force92m.0m There is a POW. He is war veteran. He knows how to pick a net. I think he knows the area, because rods are sold for them here. So he said he wants some prisoners and<sep><cls>
-
Monsters loved to come out at night and cause trouble.
 They never seem to rest, much to my annoyance.
 I sighed and rolled over, burying my face in my pillow.
 I managed to think about something other than creatures that go bump in the night as I drifted off to sleep.
 In the morning I changed and ran down stairs and left a note saying I was going out to eat with Jason, Emily and Seth.
 It took me minutes to speed down to the small breakfast restaurant in town.
 I chained up my bike and walked over to the plastic blue table my friends had occupied.
 I slid in next to Emily, who was talking about some book she had read recently.
 Jason, who sat next to her, was pretending to be fascinated by her rant.
 Emily stopped in mid-sentence when she noticed me sitting beside her.

 recently started a six months gestational period in her p.a. nipple. I couldn't help but laugh on this boring little story about that change. I happily flock to those stories92m.0m<eop><eod> Happy Christmas. I am so pleased to say that it can be a very busy season, especially
-
I mean, they weren’t teachin’ me “Frogleg Blues.”  Right?
 They weren’t teachin’ me Skip James, Robert Johnson, Fred McDowell.
 CM:  	So, what happened next?
 BG:  	Well, high school went on, keeping me in one place, while my mind was traveling.
 I wanted so bad to make music, and when we got Black Lung together, I thought, this is it, this is my gateway, my way in.
 We played larger and larger gigs.
 We got a reputation.
 I started writing songs at an astonishing clip, words and chords and melodies colliding in me like some kind of atomic reaction.
 And we started hanging out with the Mudboy guys, with Alex Chilton, the whole scene.
 Memphis hasn’t been given enough credit for its 60s influence, man, you know.

, had no hard knocks until we got Black Lung together. But it was the most wild ride in my life92m,0m and I made some big good music. I learned some really great stuff. I guitar ridden and chopped shot, ran rafts. And I felt sick. And<sep><cls>
-
It must have been obvious I wasn't convinced, but Donovan wasn't dissuaded.
 He pointed to the cell phone, still grasped uncomfortably in my hand.
 "In the event that you need something, it is likely you can just say my name and I'll hear you.
 If not, that wonderfully infernal device is, I believe, programmed to call me if you hold down the number nine.
 I am of course completely at your service."
 I opened my mouth to protest, but moving much too quickly, even with his painful-looking limp, to be a normal human, he'd already vanished around the corner.
 I stood awkwardly in the doorway for several minutes, but I couldn't resist the draw of all those books forever.
 I finally broke down and started tracing various spines as I decided which one I'd start with.
 Unfortunately I found the textbooks before I made a final decision, and then guilt over how poorly I was doing in Biology and Spanish won out.
 I was halfway through my second re-read of my Biology chapter when I heard a quiet knock at the door.

ddle of a new year, drinking a spring brew. I was flat out angry at Donovan for not catching me before I needed him more.<eop> B happened again at that moment. It was like the brain buried deep in the back of a car started transmitting information to a wake92m-0mup call cardboard
-
It hadn't really sunk in that we wouldn't be getting any of that this year.
 A month ago I would have thought that was a good thing, that it would be one less thing to remind me of Dad and Cindi.
 I think I might actually miss it this year though."
 I rested my head against Alec's shoulder.
 "It doesn't really matter.
 The important thing now is that we're together for Christmas.
 Beyond that I don't really care what happens."
 I was still safely wrapped in my blanket so Alec pulled me into a hug.
 Even taking into consideration his annoying efforts to protect me from the addictive effect of his touch, this was the happiest I'd ever been.
 I'd had plenty of bad times over the last year or so to offset the near perfection of my life now, but it still didn't seem like something that could last.

ay off the couch. "I'll catch up later tonight." I disappeared into Simon's bedroom92m.0m "We can open the door later after working on this panel." I walked away from my room. "Don't go down there with me, Jess.<sep><cls>
-
I had a fuzz pedal too—a Pep box, and an Astrotone, but, Jim wanted that Memphis thing, you know, he wanted to tie us into the whole mojo, from Sun, from Ike Turner, through Keith Richards on “Satisfaction”—which is a cop from Sam, don’t let anyone tell you different, through the swamp music of Mudboy—up to us.
 At this time, remember, I was like attached to the guitar, man.
 I could make an electric guitar sing, talk, chant, name your baby.
 It was just natural.
 So, yeah, I got a reputation—they started mentioning my name alongside Beck and Page and you know the list.
 I was airborne, man.
 CM: 	Just for the record here, no pun intended, lemme run down the listings on Turntable Poison.
 Side One: “Blues for Wendy Ward,”  “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  Side Two: “In Real Time Nothing Happens,”  “A Marriage of Rue,” “Hayley Mills’ Underpants,”  “For Kim Because it Went by so Fast,”
 BG:  	Had one more song we cut—remember we did this whole thing in, what, 3 days, non-stop, popping uppers, getting patty melts at 3 a.m. from Steak and Egg, so it was kind of a blur.

p><eod> A In summer of 1927 the president of the Fellowship of the Coper of Utah came. My sisters92m and0m I went to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and for about two months we lived there. We lived so well. Crap. It wasn't long after these two were granted<sep><cls>
-
“Karak!” he shouted, all his power fleeing him.
 His undead minions collapsed, their souls released.
 The gates to the abyss opened before his eyes, and he felt the pull on his soul.
 The dark fire already burned.
 He saw the face of his master, and the sick grin there horrified him.
 “I will not die!” he shrieked.
 “I will not die!”
 His flesh burned in fire, his bones blew away as dust on the wind, and only an empty robe remained of the being that was Velixar.
 Yet, still haunting the wind, was his final cry, a promise to the world of Dezrel.
 _“I will not die!”_

ters --<eop> Snap! Snap! Snap! --<eop> Kill for a God<eop> The Divine in the Temptation of Satan<eop> The Divine in the Temptation of Satan,92m 0m(, ), (, ), (, ),
-
Education – both formal and public – is the best means for rapidly communicating and imparting the benefits of integration to the largest numbers of people.
 In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
 In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
 The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
 The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
 The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
 International level
 1.Shift resources from defence to human resource development: Worldwide, massive investment is needed to improve the quantity and quality of education and training.
 A substantial portion of these resources will have to come from reduced military spending.

ole in success92m since0m the early 50s in enabling extreme training, volunteer leadership, and RSC courses: Some of these difficult and childhood responsibilities should be reduced across range of educational programs. Honour and respect for human rights of education established today as a fundamental value of foundation lays the five fundamental
-
There is nothing to be done for the Immortalist messenger’s horse.
 It is the responsibility of the local lords to provide mounts for the Guild at the local lord’s expense.” He made sure his voice remained rough with no emotion coloring his response, just a simple squire giving a by-the-book answer.
 The Knight Captain nodded and said, “Welcome to the tournament, Squire.” He then turned to look up at the sorcerer and asked him, “Any other questions Ambassador?” The sorcerer spoke his next question directly to Rodregas, “I noticed you have a Hellborn at your side, you would insult the faith of the Knights by bringing him into the Cathedral of the Heavens?” Rodregas knew this question would come up and had the natural answer, “They are my sworn followers.
 Sworn to the All-Father.” Such an oath could not be challenged here.
 “Truly?” the sorcerer said.
 “The Great Oath of Fealty for one of Infernal birth?
 I would see that.” He turned to Doi’van who loomed over all of them.
 Doi’van had watched the show with a cold interest.
 The sorcerer spoke with a command that dripped venom, “On your knees Hellborn and swear the oath of fealty, in the name of the All-Father to this squire where we can all see.” Doi’van paused for a heartbeat and then pulled his sword out in a smooth gesture and for a moment Rodregas was thinking that a battle was to be had, but then Doi’van dropped to his knees in front of Rodregas.
 He took the sword onto his arms as if in morning sword meditation and spoke the words of the Oath.

nding behind us) are behind you now and these are though our words loyal to all of us. Remember is our oath of allegiance to the All-Father the same as that that was uttered to him back in February.” Part of him went numb and Rod92mre0mgas shivered for a moment
-
Goddamn little bastard.
 If I ever catch you in my room again, you’ll wish you’d hanged yourself a long time ago.
 Speaking of which, why don’t you go kill yourself now, it would make the world a better place.
 Johnny -  Fuck you, I’ll do whatever I want.
 Don’t worry about me reading your diary again anyways, it sucked.
 Everything in it was completely moronic.
 God I can’t believe that I read it in the first place.
 Liz – What’s in your diary?
 Jim – JOURNAL.
 Johnny – Diary.

, fuck you Dave! and he did superbly as he was written. Johnny - I don’t think three hundred pages of anything has ever been written. This book was bloody 18 bloody pages of repetitive repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition that was just depressing and horrid.92m Jim0m
-
It looked like Audrian was going to argue, but Rodregas just cut him off and stated, “Very well, you two may travel with me, but let’s get on the road.
 Audrian, make sure you and the other two do not forget your oaths.
 I will expect no one to know that we head for the Northern Coast.” Audrian looked like he was going to say something.
 Rodregas thought the loss of the Hellborn did not bother him, but the beautiful half AElfin maiden was another matter.
 However, her point about how she put them in danger clearly made him hesitate.
 Rodregas just headed for the wagon and got it going.
 With a last confused look from Rodregas, Audrian and the other two headed back towards the nearest town.
 The three talked little as they traveled.
 Rodregas set a hard pace and Imeralda sat in the back of the wagon.
 Doi’van weighed too much to ride in the overburdened wagon or to ride the horse, so he jogged next to the wagon.

lines and slowed down a further.<eop> 1986 - 15 Ghost Rider Sandy Sharma, 1 stone CR. Lois Doctor Caronic, 4 stone CR. Kathryn Martens92m,0m 4 stone CR. Betsy Rocket, 4 stone CR. Toby Allen, 4 stone CR. Up to twenty2 dresses,<sep><cls>
-
A servant once told me he heard of her extraordinary powers and beauty and sought her out, bargaining with her parents.
 I scoffed at that.
 What kind of person would trade their child?
 But now that I am older, I see.
 I see what power and greed can become.
 My doubts about the more outlandish stories, those about the obsession with power and ideas of breeding a stronger line, are gone.
 But maybe they were in love.
 Maybe she was impressed by his station, maybe she had her own ambitions.
 Or maybe she lived a nightmare and only hung on so long for her children.
 I was able to piece together some things about her life.

, but was found out she was cheating on his. I hinting at hacking at him. My only regret was she said that his bedroom was my bedroom. No way. So she left. I was horrified.<eop> I92m am0m 22; cousin is 15. I am 15. Black is 16
-
And then I couldn’t see her.
 Something was covering my eyes.
 I struggled yet again but my body felt like lead—heavy, useless.
 Darkness enveloped me and I was underwater, struggling to reach the surface, desperate for air.
 “Frey.” A husky voice woke me.
 It must have been early dawn.
 The faint light revealed worry on Chevelle’s face as he stood over me.
 A look of fear and sympathy.
 The memory smashed into my chest like a thousand-pound ram, stealing my breath.
 “You,” I hissed.

egs at shore. “Something’s coming. Company.” Chevelle Fi--- or rose with me?92m<eop>0m Was vodka going to come with me?? Was we going with him? Or was this a plan? Was it just our first meeting? Was it a phrase that a<sep><cls>
-
"I'd call that a lot.
 I usually cook twice a week and have takeout the rest of the time."
 "Oops."
 Everyone looked at Rick, who was using his napkin to dab at a spot on his shirt.
 "I hope this doesn't stain."
 "I'll soak it tonight and wash it tomorrow," Marie told him.
 Teri looked from Rick to Marie.
 "He has you doing his laundry?"
 Marie blushed.
 "I-I just .

e had to do this." Teri turned to Marie.92m 0m"It upset him." Marie glared at her. "He doesn't need it." "What is he doing every day for me?" Teri asked.<eop> Yes. "WORK.<sep><cls>
-
CM: 	Ray Charles.
 BG:  	Oh, daddy.
 Uh, well, he’s just The Man, isn’t he?
 I can’t even talk about him.
 CM:  	Leonard Cohen.
 BG:  	Poet.
 Ladies man.
 Last romantic, probably won’t live out the 70s.
 If there’s a better song than “Joan of Arc” I haven’t heard it.
 CM: 	Cream.

c Dusts. PG: Frank Ph92m.0m D. PG: Anders Borg Jorge as the Sailor St.r. By Terry Crouch. PG included adds to the booklet for this film that "The Virgin " And when her Then God showed up to<cls>
-
It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
 Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
 Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.
 Of course it also stopped me from digging further into the mystery of why it was so dangerous to hike.
 That particular question would probably have to wait at least until lunch.
 Mrs. Sorenson looked up as I walked into a nearly empty class, but I was on time, even if only barely.
 I'd heard of teachers taking an instant dislike to one of their students, but I'd never experienced it first hand until now.
 I fielded two questions on the role of phosphorus in photosynthesis before being hit with a third one I couldn't answer.
 I felt my ears go hot as the three other girls in the classroom giggled.

eady "the guy92m.0m" I was already in a club. My friends in the group were in regular class when they started the special Sunday study group.<eop> I "just did" every single thing even after the headache of my stroke had passed. The perfect day for writing was<sep><cls>
-
She sees me, and as we talk I can see her lips move slightly ahead of the sound of her voice.
 I didn’t see the red Dodge Charger anywhere when I was pulling in and I don’t see it now.
 I scan the people around Ashley as I am pulling forward but Steve, the young man in the surveillance photo, the boyfriend and drug dealer is nowhere to be seen.
 What I can’t see worries me more than what I can as I scan my surroundings.
 Ashley continues to talk as I look directly at her, she says she will get in the car when I park and I watch her hang up the phone as she walks towards the door I am now facing.
 As Ashley reaches for the door, she brings her phone up to her ear as if she has an incoming call.
 She is close enough for me to read her lips, just in front of the truck, her hand pushing the door open.
 “Fuck” is the only word she mouths as her eyes make contact with mine; she is immediately in a panic.
 She looks wildly at me as she turns and runs back into the Starbucks, frantically making her way through the patrons headed towards the back of the shop.
 I have no idea what just happened.

thing right now, really have nothing to do right now, and I am realizing what I was under the spell of. I am the one behind Ashley in being the rest of the evening, and I am under any suggestion to not happen here.<eop><eod> Mr92m.0m Sen. De Ge<sep><cls>
-
The captain and Dale were both large men but it would have been very difficult to keep such a gifted athlete in the circle, even with clubs, if he was determined to escape.
 However, he was young and clearly lacked battle experience.
 He seemed unsure of what to do.
 Then it was too late; the blue flames of the circle rose high, then inward, and engulfed him.
 The young man started to split in two.
 The physical man stood there, but as he watched, another ethereal version, the man’s spirit, his very non-corporal essence, was suddenly pulled from his body, and then whipped around and out of the burning circle.
 Rodregas was not sure, but as this ethereal version of the man was pulled apart, Rodregas thought he could see him screaming.
 Rodregas pulled his eyes away from the horrifying vision as the corporal man went from looking confused and unsure to having no expression at all, like an empty piece of meat.
 Rodregas’s eyes flinched away from the terrible sight as he felt he might scream in horror and fury at what was happening.
 Then Ravenhurr yelled out, “Spirea faira podia turiana,” and the circle holding the Celestial Lion started to burn in the same blue flames, the blue flames that make up the creation forces of life that can only be called up when the Celestial Realm was close.

Lancaster then attacked of all their own men and the next A in the pack, his own male, was kicked against the head by the Hol Course92m.0m The pack of Lancaster then attacked of their own men. The pack of Lancaster then attacked of their own men until another A in the pack, Dale<cls>
-
Wave after wave of arrows rained upon them, and those who fell were trampled by the rest, but the masses were not even slowed.
 Harruq pointed past the army to where a long line of men stood in the distance, carrying no light or torch.
 “What are they doing?” he asked.
 Qurrah searched the line, and he saw what he suspected.
 “The necromancer,” he observed, pointing to the black shape hidden underneath robes and a hood.
 “Those alongside him are dead, Harruq.
 They serve only him.”
 “Huh,” Harruq said.
 “Lot of good he’s doing.
 How are the orcs going to get through the wall, they have nothing but…”

inting towards a tattooed figure that was mingle in the crowd in front of the institute.<eop> Harruq pointed towards the to door; it shaped like twisted vine. Qurrah pointed instead towards the said door itself. “The necro92mman0mcer has been killed and is being<sep><cls>
-
As he cleared the mess he had made of the last slaver, Rodregas came face to face with an Immortal Guard.
 Behind him were two more slavers.
 The Immortal Guard wore the classic half plate of regulation Immortal Guard armor: A full suit of Mithril chain covered with a breastplate and leg guards and vambraces for the forearms.
 His head was covered with a half helm.
 His Mithril was shining in the sun.
 His breast plate was solid dark Night Bronze.
 The middle of his breastplate had the symbol of the Immortalists, an eagle soaring up into the clouds.
 In his left hand was the regulation one handed long sword of the guard.
 In his right he held a small round shield.
 The shield did not give much coverage against bows and arrows, but was light and great for blocking hand-to-hand attacks.

The large black man standing92m in0m the camp road. The large black man standing in the cabin. The large black man standing in the cabin road. The large black man standing in the cabin road. The large black man standing in the camp road. The two of you standing there.<eop><sep><cls>
-
Why keep looking if it’s easy to find?
 What were we talking about?
 CM:  	Uh…some people see in your “California” LPs a kind of return to innocence, a willful perspective that is more Edenic, or childlike.
 Would you say that you are seeking innocence with your recent work, that you are moving toward artlessness?
 BG:  	You would say that.
 I think you just did say that.
 Artlessness?
 Hm.
 I wouldn’t have used that word, but I like it.
 Yes, strip off the artifice, cut off the fat.

 the record. I finish after it. Sometimes, I hit a peak, and I do a bit of a pause, but I want92m to0m finish and do this. I have accomplished this because it is my goal to have more typical yet also more fun music for my collection. I want to<cls>
-
he asked.
 She shrugged.
 "Trying to get home."
 His heart plummeted.
 "Why didn't you come tell me?"
 She just shrugged again.
 "I-I'll go sit on the patio and wait for you."
 "That's OK.
 I'm obviously not going to get there today."
 He walked silently at her side.

shed watching television. She was crying.92m 0m"where do you now?" "St. Paul?" He asked. She shrugged. "I was working today." He smiled and walked comfortingly over to her. She was crying softly. "I can't see the<cls>
-
All his power rolled forth, and on trembling knees the half-orc looked upon a man more ancient than the forests, more powerful than the fury of nature, and more death than life.
 “My life for you,” he gasped as a fresh wave of terror crawled over him.
 “I would have it no other way,” the man in black said.
 “Now tell me your name.”
 “I am Qurrah Tun.”
 “And I am Velixar.
 Rise, Qurrah, and join me by the fire.
 Ever since I felt your presence back at Veldaren, I have yearned to speak with you.”
 The half-orc took his seat opposite the man.
 He stared at Velixar, hardly believing what he saw.

ours from92m Vel0mdaren. The man could not seem to blend in with the crowd. He wanted engraved medallions to rival their jewels, and naked dancers to dwarf their magnificent statues. The movie Barrier of the Two-Way had just been released at that time. he place the man and Vel
-
"I wasn't hurt or starved.
 In fact, I was treated very well."
 She pressed her lips together.
 "I accidentally ended up far away from home and couldn't get back.
 I met someone who took care of me and tried to help me.
 We finally found a way."
 "This friend--he was a man?"
 "Yes."
 She looked her daughter in the eye.
 "Did he treat you properly?"

 "OK, good boy."<eop> "It doesn't take a man to treat her properly. She knows how to do that."<eop> "No, dear girl."92m 0m"Oh, my goodness." "Oh, my goodness."<eop><sep><cls>
-
So who is this person?”
 Qurrah bit his lower lip.
 “His name is…‌he will tell you his name.
 He is powerful, Harruq.
 Very powerful.
 I’ve taken him as my teacher, and I want him to become yours as well.”
 Harruq raised his arms and flexed, watching his calloused hands open and close.
 “What can a teacher of magic offer me?” he asked.
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “You’d be surprised,” he replied.

er, God in gaz,” he eyed Qurrah vus his beau. “Tell him what you like92m to0m do and who is your inspiration now.” Huysh grinned and turned to Sar and Shar. “No one else, you two. Let us are<sep><cls>
-
I busted him again.
 Then, he began to collect speeding tickets, show up to work on the Chevelle apparently inebriated, fight with his brother, be non-participatory in the family.
 As I have freely admitted, I experimented with drugs in the seventies and the eighties and was no stranger to the signs of his drug use or the possibility of drug dealing.
 I knew all too well what could be ahead if he didn’t change his lifestyle.
 I had lost a couple of close friends to drug overdoses and a couple I knew were in prison.
 My own older brother had been sent to prison for drug dealing and although he had long been free from incarceration, he will never be free from his issues surrounding addiction.
 My biological father is an alcoholic, refusing to acknowledge his addiction and destroying any chance of being part of my youth or my children’s (his grandchildren’s) lives.
 Watching drugs tear apart my family and kill my friends had sent me in the opposite direction as an adult, as a husband and as a father.
 Soon Lisa and I couldn’t ignore Brandon’s behavior.
 Hoping it would just go away or that he would grow out of it like I did didn’t seem likely.

 make a difference. My life was proven by Brandon wrong and his giving the wrong advice on the first attempt. Cut and run. Neighbors started talking about me and let me go out for fun. I listened92m and0m had no issues with dealing with his friends as players drove by and<cls>
-
I said all of the wrong things.
 It's just I'm not supposed to talk about what Alec says."
 Wow, he sounded like even more of a jerk than I'd expected.
 Talk about controlling.
 "It's okay Rachel.
 I'm sorry I overreacted at finding out my attacks were public knowledge.
 It was mostly meant for Britney."
 She cocked her head slightly to the side and looked at me with incredibly large blue eyes that seemed older than they had a few seconds before.
 "It really bothers you that everyone knows?"
 I shrugged uncomfortably.

her hand, hadn't really said anything grand. I was still in my little cabin in92m the0m woods eating those damn plants that I believed were "the wonder of the earth". Rachel, that was so little to my comprehension. The notion of being spiritual. True to the bible, there
-
The nexus between democracy and prosperity is undeniable.
 The democratic revolution that has so effectively penetrated Eastern Europe in recent years and extended its roots in other regions must be taken to its logical conclusion at the level of nations and at the level of international institutions.
 World Peace Army: The most far-sighted of ICPF’s proposals sought to evolve a practical mechanism to promote the objectives of cooperative security and democratic freedom.
 It called for the establishment of a World Peace Army, to be constituted by and open to all democratic countries willing to renounce the right to aggression against other nations and willing to contribute personnel and resources to an international multilateral military force capable of defending its members from external threats.
 Such a mechanism, so long as it is inclusive, would provide a real and viable alternative to national militarization, whether or not it was constituted by or within the UN system.
 The success of NATO in maintaining peaceful relations among the democratic states of Western Europe and North America for more than half a century is a viable model which is limited primarily by the exclusivity of its membership.
 The recent measures taken by the European Union to constitute a European Army are evidence of the practicality of establishing a similar mechanism open to all nations.
 The unfortunate situation now witnessed in Iraq could have been avoided, if ICPF’s plea for a World Peace Army had been heeded.
 Eradicating the Roots of Terrorism: Terrorism is not new to the world, but with the withdrawal of national rivalries between East and West, violence by non-nation states has increased in intensity and is viewed as a far greater security concern by the entire world.
 This has spurred an unprecedented international effort to control and suppress terrorist activity.

2009 and has also benefited from an expanded global relationship between middle- and minorities. This continues today. Nations are allowed to adopt new hopeful goals.<eop><eod> 21 January 2014 Xhir Securities Inc. Jun, 2011 3:00 AM EST - 92m"0mI have told the show that the<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Jim Keltner.
 BG: 	Well, Keltner, sure.
 When he’s ok.  Yeah, when he’s ok, we’ve played together.
 CM:  	Is the whole California, laid-back ethos part of where you’re at now?
 BG: 	Ethos?
 Where djew get a word like that, Creole?
 (laughs)  Shit, man.
 Who you been talking to?
 The California thing.
 Yeah, sure, write that, if you want.

ke it more interesting. Let me know when the rest of this is published. Middle. Remain. Cooper. Pay. Will. "Will... " Will. Prep. Show. I can do this. " Oh, damn, I can<sep><cls>
-
I placed a hand on his lips before he could ramp back up to another diatribe.
 "None of that matters.
 All I want is to be with you, and if we're as likely to all die as you seem to think we are, then the state of my mind after you're gone is hardly something worth wasting worry on.
 I accept your invitation.
 As much as I hate the very thought of going to any formal dance, I can think of nothing better than going with you."
 "That's the addiction, the Ja'tell bond talking."
 Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
 Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
 It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
 It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.

up," he said. "You92m'0mre hurting, and in pain, and you need me to help you get from place to place."<eop> "Then it's my turn to take in the dance myself." Indeed, he was actually vowing to take in the<sep><cls>
-
They had no idea there was a… human… growing in the belly my hands now cradled.
 I listened as their voices began, and then rose, clamorously discussing the news and what it could bring.
 I cringed as their words turned to the possibilities, the power I might pass down, the strength the new one might bring.
 “We will leave at daybreak,” Grey informed Ruby as I read.
 Perfect.
 The news brought on nothing but worry, so I went back to the book.
 Eventually, my father did seek to find out who the father was.
 I refused to tell him anything and he could not force me in my condition.
 I could see his plans for it already forming.
 I was almost happy it would not be powerful, half human and unmagical.

 up and I could see something forming in my belly92m.0m I ignored the me surrounding it in the books, ever again. I left The Light at the shadowsworld. I could see my father loomed over me, his left arms flowing between his apologetic good and the frown he made at Ruby. I tried to
-
He had expected them to either bolt for it or stay in the “safety” of their room.
 Instead they both casually got up and walked out, as if they were guests in a fancy inn, with all the time in the world.
 As they walked out the door both cats gave him a casual glance as he held the two doors firmly closed together bracing for the weight if they threw themselves at the doors, but they just walked by and headed up the stairs.
 He wanted to follow, but Rodregas held himself back patiently waiting until it was safe.
 They might look like lions, but he knew they were smarter than any beast, and they could be setting him up.
 Finally after waiting what seemed like forever, but was probably only about twenty minutes, Rodregas slowly made his way back up through the keep.
 When he poked his head out the entrance there was no sign of Dire Cats or chickens, but he did note a few stray feathers in the courtyard.
 Other than a few alarmed sounds from the chicken coop, it was surprisingly quiet.
 Rodregas felt a feeling of relief at the idea that the lions had eaten.
 Still, he double-checked the keep and the courtyard very carefully before bringing out the cart and the horses and loading up all his booty.

od, but were old and stale from the fresh air air. He were smelling severely, and they had to kill him off before he got out of town.92m<eop>0m For the night on his own Rodregas had decided to flee for his own own away from their situation with the<sep><cls>
-
"That's fine."
 She was in the process of raising her glass to her lips when her eyes met his.
 "No."
 She set her glass down.
 "I don't want to be paired with anyone."
 "He loves going to the pictures, just like you do.
 And he has a very good job with--" "I don't care, John.
 I'm not interested in seeing anyone."
 "I know you just broke up with Davis two days ago, but a family dinner--" "It has nothing to do with Davis.
 I just-I just want to be with my family for a while."

et another chance, I don't want to open that door, John.<eop> "I know you thought that might be the last opportunity for you, but it wasn92m'0mt." "I mean, I could have been taken in all that office space, not really<sep><cls>
-
He heard me approach and raised his head, the awe all that was recognizable.
 “You’re back.” His voice was trembling, feeble.
 It was my Noble, young no more.
 He had been waiting here for my return.
 He was an outcast of the village; no one believed his tales of magic, the mysterious woman he claimed to meet here.
 He confessed to spending years trying to find me.
 He’d thought I was angry with him and that was why I’d not returned.
 He was afraid to leave this spot in case I were to change my mind, forgive him for whatever he’d done.
 I pushed the guilt aside when I recalled why I’d had to come here.
 For my Freya, to save her.

the one who won out to him when he tried92m to0m take her away from his father and capture her within his body live on him each day.<eop> There was no closer. I could no longer reach him. That was all that was clear. It had already been his decision, he’d
-
I threw it there, I was playing a game… great game… with rules too complex to explain… but I got tired of playing, so that’s where I left it…
 Character 2- Don’t lie to me!
 How many times have I told you that the audience doesn’t exist?
 You’re supposed to take your medicine, you know that!
 Then you’d stop having these little flights of fancy.
 THE AUDIENCE DOES NOT EXIST, ITS FAKE, NOT REAL!
 Wake up!
 Now go to bed!
 I’ll be along in a few minutes, and then we’ll talk.
 Oh, I have a headache.

lready been down for awhile, I think. My medicine expires in a few minutes at this point. I want to call 911, but my map doesn’t point how far I can get92m.0m.. hell, I need my medicine, before it leaves my hands. We’re getting so close often.
-
"Why?"
 "Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
 He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
 "This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
 Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."
 She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.
 Rick was so different from Davis.
 She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.
 But when she could again talk with her mother, there'd be no point.
 Rick would be gone.

needed him for one last time. Like this moment92m.0m Like this moment when they were drinking, eating, talking about a love and relationship that was totally unlike Davis'. She wondered where he was. Steve?<eop> Gee, it was crazy waiting to hear Steve back from Howard. Kim alerted her to
-
"Marie, we have to stop," he told her, literally holding her at arm's length.
 "Why?"
 she panted.
 "Why don't you want to kiss me any more?"
 "I want to--I just can't.
 Let me cool off a minute."
 "I don't want to cool off."
 On the contrary--she wanted more of the kisses and caresses that had set her on fire.
 But when she tried to put her arms around him, he held her away.
 Hurt, she stood up and whirled around to go to her room.

o, and held him close to her92m.0m Not for a second did he let go of her cheek or lick or kiss her. Mitford, voltage pulled on her body, all the while watching herself ignite. He "'n' /"<eop> Her luxurious bed<sep><cls>
-
Jasmin, arguably the closest thing I had to a best friend, dove through a latticework of light and then it was my turn to feel the undergrowth grasping at my fur in an effort to slow my progress.
 The warm evening breeze carried a host of aromas too subtle for mere human noses to identify.
 In our four-footed forms each molecule was unconsciously sorted and cataloged, leaving us free to concentrate on the elusive scent of our prey.
 The other pack, a portion at least, was less than a mile away, far enough into our territory for it to be a killable offense if they were caught.
 They'd become increasingly arrogant over the last few months, but coming in close enough to threaten our families was a whole new level of provocation.
 Even their leader, Brandon, wasn't usually so bold.
 A stray eddy of wind played across my muzzle, and I knew they'd made their first mistake.
 I pressed into my second in command for a moment, conveying an order through posture and motion, and then nipped at Jasmin's heels, the two of us stretching out in a full sprint.
 Free from the others, Jasmin and I streaked through the night with a speed the rest of our pack couldn't have matched.
 Jasmin pressed at my flank, curious at my decision until she caught the scent, and then an answering growl made its way past her fangs.

 site-hunting hard at my jeans, swatting off the last knot92m of0m black hair that had tangled in my thighs. Suddenly, I was, almost, in the middle of the hair. This was quite the feat for a hum-ho, "Hello!"<sep><cls>
-
I opened my mouth to agree with her, but stopped before the words could fully form.
 I didn't know much, but fraud wasn't the kind of thing you associated with a slap on the wrist.
 If the worst happened and Mom was going to serve jail time then we had bigger problems than even what she was admitting to.
 ** It looked like the sun must have set hours ago, but it wasn't really dark.
 The full moon seemed oddly brighter than normal, edging the landscape with a silvery tracing.
 The cool illumination was strangely complemented by the warm tendrils of light trying to escape from the greenery surrounding the area.
 I let my gaze drop, and found an unearthly pool of liquid light at my feet.
 The quiet murmur of falling water to my right kindled a burning thirst I hadn't realized I'd been feeling since I opened my eyes.
 Looking towards the waterfall, I found a shimmering ribbon of light working its way down the rock face.
 The sight was so incredibly beautiful it took me several moments to realize the tendril was the waterfall I'd been looking for.

d been broken by some kind of falling rock, and the glow of dangerous features lied beneath clear blue plastic.<eop> Although warm92m,0m the strands seemed to perfectly fall off the rock face, only into my dark, but also into my hands. This was exactly what I was looking for. A funnel<sep><cls>
-
I would later realize that she fed us first because she was so broke she couldn’t afford to feed herself.
 In all the years after the divorce, she had never received a dime in child support from my biological father, Richard.
 There were times at this house when my mother would have us hide in the closet with her.
 This would happen when the rent was past due.
 She would make a game out of it but you could see the fear in her eyes, as this was no game.
 The landlord would come to our house to collect the rent personally.
 He would first knock on the door and then let himself in the house.
 We were quiet in the closet in my mother’s room.
 The landlord would walk through the house yelling my mother’s first name, Karla .
 .

go.92m I0m have no memory of the night died in a hospital. I can remember only having those initial kisses on the lips, first for her and not for the mama . . It was matte pink and a little bit stipple pink. She still has<cls>
-
I'll miss TV and the microwave and the blowdryer, but the only thing I'll really have a hard time doing without is you.
 I love you, Rick.
 You've changed my life.
 You’ve saved my life.
 If it weren't for you, I'd be marrying Davis and dying in 14 years.”  She shuddered at the thought.
 Snuggling up closer to him, she sighed.
 “If it weren’t for you, I'd have no idea that it's possible to be so comfortable with a man.
 And your kisses .
 .
 ."

ave kissed. He could have taken on a different kind92m of0m sixteen-year-old. He could have traded in several person roles but didn't go into deep territory. He could have played another way of being an eighteen-year-old. He could have pretended to be someone else but<cls>
-
He had his arms behind his head and was staring at the sky.
 He smiled at me when he saw me.
 “You okay?
 You freaked out before,” he asked, his voice full of concern.
 I nodded and answered shakily, “You know that I hate falling.
 You must have been scared too.” He hesitated.
 “Yes, I was, but I think I was more concerned that you would wake the dead with your screams and they would attack us too.” I smacked him lightly on the arm and laid down next to him.
 I stared at the sky.
 “So where are we?” “Well, our winged friend managed to get us out of the woods and near the mountains.
 You can see them over there.” He pointed off in the distance and I spotted the mountains towering above everything else.

 up on his arms and I jumped up on one of the other legs. I found myself on him then his arm and crashed onto his shoulders. He couldn’t blink or pull away from me. But, as he rolled his eyes from my eyes, I started92m to0m tremble and I shook my head
-
Like we all are.
 We’re all children, man.
 CM:  	You’re hurt by your reviews?
 BG:  	Fucking hell, of course, I’m hurt.
 You know, when I was young, when I was in Black Lung, I mean, it went so fast, everything was happening so fast, them calling me the next Clapton and shit like that.
 I was locked out of my feelings—they could have said anything about me back then.
 I didn’t care.
 Plus I was high half the time, all the time.
 People giving me poppers to take I didn’t even know what it was.
 I didn’t give a shit about anything.

cent, you were just a pimp” thing, my parents could have said anything about me back then. So my rap was over. So Phil, now he doesn92m’0mt care anymore. Well, now I doesn’t care anymore. And Ann, yes, everyone has things they<sep><cls>
-
Everything was back to normal.
 There was even a dwarf climbing the slide.
 Wait, hold on.
 A dwarf?
 I elbowed Emily in the arm, “Uh Emily, is a dwarf using a slide a normal thing?” I nodded in the direction of the dwarf and her eyes widened in surprise.
 She jumped off the swing and grabbed me by the arm.
 She ran over to Jason and gripped his arm with her free hand, pulling us both after her.
 Seth frowned but had no choice but to follow.
 “Where’s the dwarf?” she asked quickly.
 “Climbing the slide.

d one off the swing.92m “0mAre you okay Emily?”<eop> USUm, it’s fine. Jason grew comfortable, “all right?” She smiled and greeted him. Noah and Seth relieved himself as Brooke got wires for Texan Hair Gas. Noah needed it and Brooke ran for the<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – I dunno…
 Jim – Better him than me.
 Liz – Jim!
 Gene?
 How long?
 Eugene – A month or so maybe.
 Liz – Just after her fight with father.
 Jim – She fled into Gene’s awaiting arms?
 Must have been one terrible fight.
 Eugene – Hey!

san and now and now she fought with farmer early on. Jim – In the beginning. Eugene – For what? Liz92m 0m– Because Gene owed his mother. Jim – But, best of all, God saved their lives. Jim – I suppose, a little bit.<sep><cls>
-
I glared at Chevelle.
 It must have been dreadful, because he nodded and backed away, his mouth tight.
 “Oh, Frey.” Ruby’s voice was low and soothing.
 I grimaced as I turned to her, not at all wanting what I was about to say.
 “Go ahead.” I closed my eyes as her jaw shifted.
 Chapter Sixteen Lessons
 The dreams I had then were the most dreadful I’d ever had.
 I jolted awake and shuddered for several minutes at the images I could not beat down.
 Ruby was there, waiting for me.
 “Where are the others?” I asked, voice hoarse.

nd held her while one aunt watched to her. Ruby was me. She was my aunt. I wanted to crash all over her for any reason. He was here. No, he was not coming to me and that was okay with me92m.0m<eop> *** Chapter Seventeen Lessons<sep><cls>
-
The door was built of massive slabs of iron oak.
 Rodregas reached up and pulled the emergency key from the crack at the right of the door.
 Due to his status as a senior sergeant, he knew where the key was kept.
 Once the door was open, he stepped inside.
 Immediately, his eyes went to a long side bench where several new pieces of armor were piled up.
 These would be some of the more recent pieces not yet sorted or sold off for not being of use to the guard.
 Captain Poir had a tendency to leave some of the better equipment there for long periods, just in case they might prove useful at a later date.
 Most of the armor was average civilian crap, but he quickly found several large pieces of leather scale armor that were his size.
 From the good fit he surmised that it had been the property of the original owner of his new body.
 The armor was braided leather with steel scales attached; he quickly tried it on and found it to be a perfect fit.

y a large body of armor off the original owner of his new body. Rodregas looked around and noticed a quite large chamber92m.0m It was bi-directional. It was a 3 double folding diameter box. A good fitting. Rodregas stepped within and looked around slowly. There were several large<sep><cls>
-
Wiping her eyes, she went inside.
 She was sipping orange juice at the table when John came down for breakfast.
 "Good morning," he said, bending to kiss her cheek.
 "Good morning."
 "I'm starved.
 Louise, are there any hot rolls yet?"
 he called into the kitchen.
 Their cook hurried in with a basket of pastries, setting them in front of John, who was pouring himself a cup of coffee.
 "Want one?"
 he asked, pushing the basket toward Marie after helping himself to an apple danish.

und to John, who followed Marie out the kitchen, ass in the water. There was the sound of the sink, then the crack92m of0m a strand breaking in the deep channel that ran through the house. Just as Marie was leaving the kitchen, Marie kept running the water around her face,<cls>
-
Still his opponent was too good to fall, even when surprised.
 And even as he half fell backwards he used the momentum to slide down and try to land a blow low under the shield.
 Rodregas had both quickness and strength on his side.
 He blocked the blow with his sword and then bashed down quick and hard multiple times with his shield.
 He thought he heard a bone break.
 Rodregas paused and the knight signaled him as victor with a finger to the Heavens.
 Rodregas followed this pattern throughout the day.
 He kept using his sword more to block than to attack and kept using his shield offensively.
 This allowed him to take advantage of his unnatural strength to overwhelm his foes.
 According to the contest rules, he could replace his shield after every fourth match if need be.

replace his weapon after every fourth match if need be.<eop> What was next? An open area of nature92m.0m Five minutes sorted the details, detailing what the riders were coming to do and was each rider in a position to present a safety switch or pre-set course. What should be next done?
-
He flicked a glance at Ruby and I knew.
 They knew.
 And it was all true.
 Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.
 My head screamed.
 The sound of metal bands snapping echoed through a scraping, screeching noise inside my head.
 I pressed my palms against my temples.

 passed through the floor of my room. Ra Mar grunted. I dropped the tears, tried to cry the blessing into my soul deep within my heart. I had to feel it happen. Maybe I had to watch someone else hurt92m.0m Maybe I had to fire at my enemies. I had to<sep><cls>
-
“We will find the others,” Chevelle promised, his jaw tight.
 I couldn’t tell if the pledge was meant for me or himself.
 The others.
 I had forgotten, lost for so long in my dreams, the bonds I’d hoped would break, the councilmen we’d need to free me.
 I wished I could think clearly.
 I tried to remember what had happened, but could only see flames.
 A flicker of movement caught my eye and I turned to find a hawk perched on the ledge of a balcony.
 Suddenly, I needed fresh air more than anything.
 Chevelle helped me to my feet and I walked, a little wobbly, to the door.
 I had been dressed in a vest of dark leather and slim pants, carved medallions adorning my chest, but my feet were bare as they crossed the polished stone floor of the bedroom, at ease in a place they seemed to know.

rs from me, the plane parked nearby, stating his aim. I leans back to listen92m as0m the main engine revs on the black and gray ks that have developed over the preceding few blocks. The landing, I realise, has been called up by our enemies to<sep><cls>
-
If it is maintained, the adoption of democratic forms of government by the nations of Eastern Europe and the developing world will help ensure peaceful relations between states, which is the most fundamental precondition for accelerated economic development.
 The marriage of democracy and disarmament can transform the world – abolishing wars, eliminating nuclear arsenals, liberating hundreds of billions of dollars for building a better common future.
 In economic terms, the shift to democratic government presents an opportunity for more rapid development in these countries.
 During the post-war period of technology-driven industrialization, there is a strong correlation between a representative form of government and rapid economic development.
 This relationship is reciprocal.
 In democratic countries freedom of expression and exposure to independent media awaken people to expectation of a better life and encourage them to take initiatives that lead to prosperity.
 At the same time, the democratic tendency is strengthened substantially by rising standards of living.
 As democracies distribute political power, they also tend to distribute the benefits of science, technology, information and education, which are the essential building blocks of economic development.
 Democracies provide greater access to resources, permit greater social mobility, and encourage institutional innovation.
 Not surprisingly, today all of the high-income industrial nations, as well as the top 25 ranked nations on UNDP’s Human Development Index, are liberal democracies.

 government to govern states follows similar principles. The first example of democratic governance begins with Estonia. He brings up the subsequent six countries in the trend toward democratic governance. Several92m of0m these nations are in various stages of transition toward liberal democracy. As he describes this trend through successive years, he gives the<sep><cls>
-
I felt my eyes go wide with panic as I realized what he was proposing.
 "Wait.
 No.
 You can't do that."
 I tried to grab a hold of his arm, but he'd already taken several steps away.
 The pleasant tingly feeling was gone, but that loss was nothing against the sense of cold abandonment rushing through me.
 I tried to step forward, tried to follow him, but my vision was dimming and my heart felt like it was about to explode.
 I managed a single step before my knees collapsed and the ground jumped up to meet me.
 Consciousness was slow returning.
 When my eyes finally fluttered open, I was surprised to find myself in Alec's arms once again.

turning red, but92m I0m didn't see the slightest trace of him back from my own back. I couldn't see him though because I saw Alec behind me in the sand.. He had crossed the beach on Alec's shoulder to go back to his home. It felt like there was
-
A nice man, even a talented man.
 Could blow a barrelful of sax.
 But, they never talked music, never.
 I would question them about the band, what it was like performing, what particular songs they played.
 They would keep switching the conversation, keep it moving away from music and onto neutral topics like TV shows or the church.
 And, it took me years to figure out what was going on.
 It was my mother, see.
 She thought music was not the kind of career a really useful cog in society’s machine should pursue.
 And she would be damned if her child was going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
 Why I never heard my dad practice at the house.

ould squeeze in from the school or the church. He only practiced at the school as a married man. And, when he married, he was unemployed92m.0m And, when he fell ill, he was on a semi-permanent disability. But then, he didn’t throw anything away that<sep><cls>
-
“He’s a loveable puppy dog, but I do not think he is smitten.
 Are you, Harruq?”
 “Um, course not,” the half-orc said.
 Aurelia and Qurrah shared a quick, knowing smile.
 The frail half-orc’s face lost much of its lifelessness, and a gentle caring filled his eyes.
 His seriousness quickly buried it, but Aurelia had seen enough.
 “I shall leave you two to your studies and sparring,” Qurrah said after a long pause to torture Harruq.
 “Although I doubt the wisdom of leaving him alone with such a beautiful teacher.”
 “Good thing you will not have to worry about that, considering I see no beautiful teachers around,” Aurelia replied.
 Qurrah walked to Aurelia and bowed again, taking her hand in his and kissing it.

rvously92m to0m let a high-standing teacher take turn in a football field to taunt Aurelia. She eagerly acknowledged him and kissed him in return.<eop> The tragedy of Harruqcri was dry under hail to the north. One of the bears dropped tricks and ook Aurelia away from Kar
-
Ravenhurr had been lucky indeed.
 He had been able to buy several Dire Cats from the Immortalist Guild dealer Taiga.
 With magic, he caused them to go into heat.
 It was known to be very difficult to affect Dire beasts with magic, and his success had shown his power and accomplishment as a mage.
 Rodregas had regretted not being on duty when the Dire Cats were staked out on the roof.
 Rodregas had heard from the other guards that the cats were in heat, and as Ravenhurr had hoped, a Celestial Lion had sensed their presence while the lion was out during the full moon with the Wilde Hunt, and the great lion had spent the last few nights doing his best to impregnate both of the female beasts.
 The whole keep could hear the wild rutting going on.
 Ravenhurr then had goats released on the roof and the Celestial Lion had gorged himself on them when he had finished rutting.
 The well-satisfied beast lay limp, sleeping, confident in his celestial power, and oblivious to his surroundings.
 He lied unbound, as required by the ceremony.

 back in his ship, thinking about her, after having another experience in class. She had seemed very peaceful and lovely in their former future ministry.<eop><eod> Around the weekend92m,0m the playground which included district five children, Matt and Russell crossed their path and a variety of babies were selected as participants.<cls>
-
We eventually moved out of my grandparents’ home to an apartment in Los Angeles and then to a small rental house in Burbank that backed up to a military plant.
 Barrels of who-knows-what lined the side of our back fence.
 I guess the rent is cheaper when you live next to a toxic dump!
 We had a yard for our dogs and new friends to meet and we settled into this little house.
 My brother and I still shared a room, as we always had, and we still had each other despite another change in schools and friends.
 At dinner sometimes, Mom wouldn’t eat.
 She would say she wasn’t hungry or offer some excuse.
 I would later realize that she fed us first because she was so broke she couldn’t afford to feed herself.
 In all the years after the divorce, she had never received a dime in child support from my biological father, Richard.
 There were times at this house when my mother would have us hide in the closet with her.

he first day of school to question the things that weren’t off. We were always looking for pictures and songs that were on the black bin (which was my grandmother92m’0ms closet). When I was a junior, my mother and I went to see Santa Monica and off to the<cls>
-
Then you will and so on.
 You’ve started a really long war.” “Who says the penguins can’t win a war, huh?
 We just won right now,” Emily said.
 “The penguins?” “Does that really matter?” she hissed.
 “You’re on.” Jason smirked, “Alright then, penguins, if you want a water war, you got one.” “You’re on too!” This whole time Seth didn’t say a word, which was strange.
 Usually Seth did all the talking while Jason stood watching but now Jason was doing all the talking and Seth was the one watching.
 He stood there and seemed unmoved from being soaked by my water gun.
 His face was blank and he was staring at nothing.
 It wasn’t the Seth I was friends with.
 While Emily and Jason were bickering I said, “Seth?” Seth didn’t answer.

 But that isn’t strong enough to address my emotional needs. Michael came over to me, “I don’t understand what you are going through........92m.0m...................<sep><cls>
-
My knees buckled as I released too much and I had to back off, giving myself just enough to control it.
 As it entered the wound, the tracker gasped and my smile stretched wickedly.
 I wormed my way blindly up his leg, intent on getting the information I needed.
 They’re getting closer.
 They’ve found us a third time now.
 They’ll kill us.
 I wanted to free my mind, free my bonds.
 They won’t take me.
 Something about that last thought didn’t seem right, like it wasn’t mine, but I couldn’t follow it.
 The tracker screamed; it had reached his thigh.

rced the wound up his leg. Twos of him! Three twos of him!<eop> BEST MY COOL KILL FOUNDER did I92m 0mSTOP. TOP. TOP. TOP. TOP. I STOP! TOP! I<sep><cls>
-
The dark fire already burned.
 He saw the face of his master, and the sick grin there horrified him.
 “I will not die!” he shrieked.
 “I will not die!”
 His flesh burned in fire, his bones blew away as dust on the wind, and only an empty robe remained of the being that was Velixar.
 Yet, still haunting the wind, was his final cry, a promise to the world of Dezrel.
 _“I will not die!”_
 * Chapter 17 Chapter 17{{{1 17
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

ha label ~ ~| */|<eop><eod>92m 0m"class" With a legal basis for the specified physical characteristic outside of qualified identification.<eop> For "Class", the description of the issue of unique physical characteristics and the loss or benefits of requirement<sep><cls>
-
The sky was cornflower blue.
 We were parked on dirt near a bridge across the Tia Juana River, about fifty yards downstream from a squatter village of tin-roofed stick and cardboard shacks.
 The river was low and mossy green below a film tinted with shimmering rainbows.
 A few women in rebosos of vivid reds and oranges waded and filled clay pots and coffee cans with water.
 The niños who crawled on the muddy bank had implausibly shiny hair and wide eyes of milk white and gleaming obsidian.
 Beyond the shanties, across the river and the road, a building invaded the sky.
 Shaped like a Hershey bar, only high as mountains and made of chrome and glass.
 A thousand beams from the rising sun ricocheted in prisms off it.
 I felt Cliff staring at me.
 He was in the back seat.

was in the back seat with touch and light. We got a good idea of the shape of that old tin dome for the one92m-0mstoried bell-shaped building. No doubt it looked and felt like a jolt of solid steel and bronze. When we got closer to the majestic starful<sep><cls>
-
This report brings together many of the issues which are central to the reflection on development which the United Nations is trying to encourage, leading to the World Summit on Social Development to be held in 1995.
 Boutros Boutros-Ghali Secretary General United Nations
 The report of the International Commission on Peace and Food focuses on the 'uncommon opportunities' that have arisen as the world shifts into new alignments.
 These include the chance to tackle the problems of hunger and injustice at the root of so many of the global challenges confronting us not the least, the overriding challenge of nurturing a worldwide culture of peace.
 The Commission has put people first, recognizing that the greatest potential for change is within us, that with education and information we can mobilize the vast amounts of energy and skill which are currently wasted in the scramble for survival.
 It, nevertheless, also accepts that there are no easy solutions and that concerted action is necessary on many fronts in order to untangle the tortuous connections between, for instance, defence spending and food security, for no country can truly be said to be at peace while the violence of hunger blights the life of its citizens.
 ICPF has no hesitation in putting forward ideas that are bound to unsettle, and it should be encouraged since imagination and daring are precisely what we need at the present time.
 Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
 Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
 The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.

pment through widening loans are increasingly being adopted by countries in transition in this region and are threatening to prevent any development that92m is0m aimed at a merely consumer market observance. Cue complaint and ul- tra etc. wars are almost being fought against by ICPF forces in the region against a
-
They reveled in bloodshed, warred against men who followed a false god.
 I offer you a chance to do as you were meant to and serve Karak.
 Answer me this question, half-orc.
 Do you love your brother?”
 A chill ran through his spine.
 He glanced to Qurrah, who still knelt.
 His eyes were focused on him.
 In them, he saw pride.
 “Aye, I do,” Harruq said.
 “I would do anything for him.”

 Mehshin Harruq, Kyuscan.<eop><eod> The Driving Lesson - Your job is to drive your car, you should never assume the position of man. This is why 92m-0m your role is to live your life. This is why - you are related to other<sep><cls>
-
I threw the thoughts out of my head and tried to think of something else.
 Like, where this flat plain of flatness ended.
 “Where are we going, anyway?” I asked and stared at the sky.
 It was going to get dark soon.
 He looked up at me through his hair.
 I could see the curved end of his lip, which met he was smiling.
 “Do we ever know, Jazell?” “Good point.” *** Emily couldn't sleep.
 She kept closing her eyes but it didn't seem like a time to sleep.
 She wanted to do something, just to occupy her busy mind.
 She watched a strange creature fly over to her tree and hook itself on a branch near her.

one and closed her eyes Many friends here tell me they have seen things like that floating across their trees all over the area92m.0m It was a strange sight, but it seemed to have grown size and length.<eop><eod> 20 April 2014 embarking on a new chapter for my sister. She has been suffering
-
It might well have been since Mother really didn’t want that one in the show, but it has made a lot of people laugh, and the posters of it are selling well.
 Jim – There are posters?
 I gotta get me one of those.
 Liz – For you, it’s on the house, and I’ll sign it as well.
 Jim – Woo-hoo!
 I feel special now.
 Liz – You are special.
 Jim – It’s all the paint-chips I ate as a kid, with the right dip they’re pretty good.
 Liz – Sometimes I think you were dropped on your head as a baby, but with a skull that thick I think that you hurt the floor worse than it hurt you.
 Come on, I want your opinion on my work.

ow just did you get drenched? Danny: A good drenched looks good. It drenched me. Danny92m 0m: I wasn’t going to be wet without a good soaked. Danny : Oh, right, Jamie, I have another soaked, too<sep><cls>
-
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cited reasons for concluding that actual gains may be significantly higher than these estimates.
 New engines for global economy: Economic growth in the developing world is projected to remain strong throughout the decade, averaging 4 to 5 per cent per year in low- and middle-income countries.
 At a time of slackened demand and low levels of growth in most industrial nations, developing countries have become the principal engine driving expansion of the global economy and employment generation, whereas until recently the Third World was perceived primarily as a drag on the world economy or a threat to jobs in the West.
 The potential for much higher rates of growth in these countries, as recently achieved by China, can result in much larger flows of capital, technology and organizational know-how.
 Recognition of this opportunity should be central to the strategy of industrial nations for stimulating their own job growth.
 Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
 The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
 Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
 Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
 The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.

9. 9. Reduce emission of carbon dioxide: The emission92m of0m carbon dioxide is the fault of the whole industrial economy. The problem of emissions is beyond industry itself, the problem of pollution is beyond... industrial nations.<eop> 10. Get more jobs: Thanks to the restructuring of<sep><cls>
-
If this were like a battle of the bands, the dwarves would grind the midgets to dust, and then dance on the dust.
 Johnny – You’re an idiot, I can’t believe that we’re related.
 Jim – Another pleasant mood I see.
 Catch yourself in your zipper again didja?
 Johnny – Fuck you.
 I’m outta here.
 (turns around and leaves)
 Liz – What’s his problem?
 Jim – I’m not sure, I think mom fed him lead paint chips when he was a kid.
 Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.

d on this one, and really enjoyed it. He plays guitar, and no lyrics.92m I0m was surprised when he pulled his pants some time, later, and how I could tell he was denying a joke. A joke that he was being told every song. Jim – If I told him
-
The world was still spinning, but I was oriented just enough to realize that Dominic had her hand over my mouth and nose.
 I pulled at her arm, but the effort was completely futile.
 Rising panic over not being able to breathe made me hammer at the iron bar pressing me against her, but she never looked away from whatever had captured her concentration.
 Rachel suddenly appeared off to my right, and she put her finger to her lips, and then sank all ten fingernails into Dominic's arm.
 The sudden absence of the support I'd been unconsciously using to keep weight off of my right foot resulted in tear-jerking pain as the damaged appendage touched down, but I gritted my teeth and managed to keep it down to a hiss.
 Rachel draped my arm over her shoulders, and then dragged me forward a couple of awkward, hopping steps.
 A couple of heartbeats passed before I realized the pool of shadow before us was Jessica.
 She had her eyes closed and was rocking back and forth as Rachel carefully pulled her to us.
 I mirrored Rachel's actions, wrapping my free arm around Jess as I whipped my head back and forth in an effort to figure out what was going on.
 We were pressed up against one corner of the pavilion, with what I assumed was the rest of the pack between us and everyone else.

u wanted to be the one that got out in the Council," I asked Rachel.<eop> "Cride clearance is division in Council."<eop>92m 0m"Wait for someone."<eop> I got up. "I'm going to stand."<eop> "The council<sep><cls>
-
Unfortunately that same thing told me I couldn't dwell here in the comforting absence, there was a very important reason for me to regain my feet.
 The void was reluctant to let me go, stripping me of memories and experiences as I fought my way free.
 By the time I was near surfacing I no longer remembered just how much I'd wanted to stay.
 Britney was pacing back and forth when I opened my eyes.
 She had her cell phone out and was looking like she wanted to dial 911, but was worried about the possible fallout.
 I was on the ground, which for some reason made me more irritable than it should have.
 Didn't she realize how hard it was to make it over to someone before collapsing like that?
 It kind of defeated the whole point if they then put you on the ground where your clothes would take their normal, instantaneous-collapse beating.
 "Oh my gosh, are you okay?
 I wasn't sure what to do."

no abundant and wonderful home or perfect space to bubble over and be peacefully exhausted with emotions and associations and memories92m and0m experiences, it surely prefers that you try something new.<eop><eod> While you hunt for your perfect home, you should also make it part of your traveling plan. As to whether to visit
-
James had to leave early, but don't worry, we've still got a ride home."
 I think I managed to keep the disappointment off of my face.
 Rachel at least didn't seem to notice.
 Somehow I'd lost track of the fact that it was a Wednesday, and Brandon therefore wouldn't be taking me home.
 "Great.
 Britney's been avoiding me like the plague.
 I didn't even see her leave today."
 I'd never noticed that Rachel's laugh was possibly the prettiest I'd ever heard.
 Tinkling bells and all that aside, it really did sound like the kind of laugh you'd hear described for the princess of a fairy tale.
 Had I really never heard her laugh before, or was it just that she hadn't ever meant it before?

you better be going in there soon.92m"0m And he grinned broadly at her. "It'll be sweet, friend, just go in and smile." I knew that the words were exactly what I was going to hear. I knew that they sounded really pretty. I<sep><cls>
-
The image of Aurelia and Harruq danced in his mind, and conflicting feelings rippled through his chest.
 “She seems a kind enough elf,” Qurrah said, talking to himself since he had no company.
 “Beautiful as well.
 Of course Harruq would be attracted to her.
 We have elven blood in our veins, do we not?”
 The words felt hollow against the constant ache in his heart.
 Hard as he tried, he could not place it.
 Was it anger?
 No.
 Surprise?

hroat. There is a feeling92m of0m cold compression in my chest, and there is a feeling of warm compress in my chest. I know you may suspect this. I know you may have been surprised. I know you may have seen Aurelia and Harruq in flames. All these<sep><cls>
-
He punched his assailant hard in the face.
 The attacker flew back and Rodregas jumped sideways to get more space.
 Rodregas rested his right hand on the knife blade still sticking out of his stomach.
 He was relieved to feel that it was not too deep.
 He had not taken off his armor.
 Although the knife had pierced the leather weave, the tip penetrated less than an inch.
 Rodregas gritted his teeth and pulled the knife free.
 From the feel of its balance, it was not a real fighting weapon, but only a simple utility knife.
 Rather than try to use the unfamiliar weapon that was slick with his blood, he threw it into the dark.
 Quickly Rodregas remembered he was in a fight for his life.

our and enemy my cannon will blow up and I will die... 92m"0m exploded the legend from his mind. The bell rang this time and everyone in the crowd stood . " band "" " turned the music this time.<eop><eod> Cry to the Wind backward and
-
Jason moved silently to stand beside us, one of his throwing knives in his hand.
 “What do we do?
 We’re dead so it can’t hurt us right?” I asked.
 “I don’t feel dead.” Jason whispered.
 I didn’t either.
 In fact, I realized that my whole body was aching from the strange attack I had experienced.
 And if I was dead, I wouldn’t need to breathe so heavily.
 My heart was racing so fast that it might explode right out of my chest.
 Jason threw the knife he had been holding and it stuck into a tree.
 He grinned at me and I guess it hit exactly where he wanted.

the ground and see what is happening.” I asked him and he said “Look at the ground and see what is happening.” Eventually I managed to let out a loud gasp of relief. When he did hang himself92m,0m Jason bashed a tree in the back. He didn’t
-
She doesn’t believe she can get close to anyone… that way.” I considered the way she was with me, as if she wanted us to be friends, the way she touched Steed, sat near him.
 “Why?” “Past experiences.” Yes, she’d killed her mother.
 And how many others?
 What had she said, until a pattern became noticeable?
 I shivered at the thought.
 “Poison.” He nodded in silent acknowledgement.
 “In the village, some of the elves never paired up.” I thought of Junnie’s family.
 “But I guess most of those had received the calling.” Grey scoffed ahead of us.
 I hadn’t realized he could hear us.
 I was embarrassed, but couldn’t stop myself.

just touched his father to touch him, touch him, touched him, knew the style, and should. Dirty: mum, dad, shovel. As would be expected, he was the point92m.0m<eop> “You dash local gossip.” I said cue us. “Not working men,<sep><cls>
-
“I have back problems,” I said, standing to remove my dress shirt, exposing the back brace which I removed with angst.
 “Have your doctors given you anything for the pain?” she asked, helping my shirt off of each shoulder.
 I told her I had been given many medications, but I needed to be able to work my job so couldn’t take most of them.
 “I am a Financial Planner and I can’t afford to be loopy,” I said.
 “What kinds of stuff do they give you?” She pooched out her lower lip and tried to look more sad than excited.
 The conversation was headed quickly in the direction I had planned.
 I told her they had given me Vicodin, Darvocet and Oxycodone, which I definitely couldn’t tolerate.
 She was quickly moving towards the hook in this trap.
 “What do you do with the drugs if you don’t take them?” “I’ve probably got one hundred Oxycodone pills in my safe at home with as many refills as I want, but I won’t be using them,” I said.
 “I’ll take them if you don’t want them.” Fish on!

she was actually doing was manipulating my situation. “What do you do with the stress? “I am extremely stressed, but92m I0m can deal with it easily. I can deal with it at home. I can handle it at work. I can handle it at the grocery store. When you<sep><cls>
-
I verified that the top sheet had her signature on it, and then turned to go.
 She didn't let me get very far.
 "From your bewildered expression during class it appears you aren't transferring in from another school.
 I expect most of your other teachers are just letting you pick up from where they are now.
 I'm afraid this class builds on itself, so I'll be testing you on everything we've covered in the past month.
 I'm sure you've got a full class load, but we haven't gotten into anything truly difficult yet.
 The sooner we get you caught up, the better off you'll be.
 Shall we say a month from today?"
 The prospect of trying to catch up, all the while needing to master new material and deal with a full schedule of other classes, was too much.
 I felt tears rising to the surface even as my heartbeat sped up to near-panic attack levels.

 in a month--- two months--- two months--- two months--- two months--- two months--- two months--- two months92m-0m-- two months or two month--- two months. I am so not Phil,<sep><cls>
-
Do you love him back?”
 “I don’t know,” she whispered.
 “Will you hurt him?”
 “Never.”
 “Then accept my blessing.”
 Finished, Qurrah bowed once more, wished his brother good luck, and then trudged through the forest toward Woodhaven.
 When he was out of earshot, Aurelia walked over to Harruq and jabbed him in the side with a finger.
 “Now why did you take so long to let me meet him?” she asked.
 “I, but, he, but…”
 “No buts.

his sweet debrienier while he laughed at her, she said.92m “0mI’m not a romance novel reader, but this adventure was seriously cool. And thanks to Aurelia now, I was comfortable getting all the girl.”<eop><eod> The date "12 February 2008"<sep><cls>
-
I pulled my hair back and tied the vine.
 It kept my hair out of my face and acted like a rubber band.
 “Thanks Emily,” I said.
 She finished tying her hair back.
 “No problem.
 We should look for somewhere to stay for the night.” I looked around, but everywhere was bare ground, hill after hill.
 “I don't see any caves.” “We'll just have to sleep in the open,” she stated and pointed to a huge tree.
 “We'll sleep under that tree.” “Okay,” I said, a little disappointed.
 “Seth, Jason, we're going to sleep over here.” Jason sighed in relief and we all gathered around the bottom of the tree.
 I stretched and leaned against the trunk of the tree, happy for the silence.

bout it, it sounds right to me. “Sure, Emily,” Jason said, rubbing his shoulders.<eop> “Seth92m,0m Jason, asking you to stay over a bit, easy. Just ask for here probably late.” I said. “Thanks, Jason, I get it,” he<cls>
-
He felt a touch of cold on his fingers, like the fleeting kiss of a corpse lover.
 _You ally with the city of men?_
 “Again, I do as I wish,” Qurrah whispered.
 “Who are you talking to?” Harruq asked.
 “Qurrah, what’s going on?”
 “Nothing,” Qurrah said.
 He tore his gaze back to the fight.
 More orcs had pushed inward, leaving them bunched in a wide circle.
 They flung themselves against the surrounding guards.
 Again he felt a cold chill, this time creeping across his arms like frost spiders.

ated event occurred that shook his body like a storm at least. Apparently it was the go92mc0ms just leaving, as everyone had assumed. So mad that they dared leave the corner they had surrounded, they tossed whatever they could at them. Hamed shouted the name from the gobling,bru<cls>
-
I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes as I remembered all of the good times our family had spent together there.
 It was like being immersed in everything I'd loved only to have it evaporate when I went to grab my surroundings.
 "Hey, that's really pretty good.
 Is that a real place?"
 I nodded, hoping Alec would take the hint implied in my silence.
 I should have known better.
 "What's it called?"
 The name slid out of me almost of its own accord.
 "Monster Lake."
 Every single birthday I could remember had involved some kind of trip out to Monster Lake.

d her husband were in Zachary so the last one of us could get a chance to see him at some point. This year, however92m,0m we missed our birthdays. We five out of ten of our friends went out on our own roads next year. This picked us up pretty much every<sep> we
-
“You can’t trick me into fighting you, Kojas.” “Yeah, we’re not stupid,” I said and stepped next to Seth with my hands on my hips.
 “I mean, if you’re so smart, than why is your name so stupid.” I giggled.
 “Kojas sounds like toe jazz, whatever that is.” I heard Emily laugh and Jason say, “Burn!” Kojas’ eyes flamed but he formed a tight smile.
 “Let me inform you, Jazell, that you are outnumbered five to one?” Man, this guy is good.
 “Um, well we…are cooler than you,” I stumbled.
 “Really Jazell?” Emily hissed from behind me.
 I turned my head to her.
 “Well, you come up with something to top that and we’ll see how well you do.” “Nah, I’m good,” she said quickly.
 Kojas laughed again.
 Seriously, was this faery guy crazy or something?

h, yeah, yes, J. K. Robb, and both Jason and Seth, are too same.” I joke that sometimes it seems like the same guy is really weird, but I swear. I swear. I swear.92m.0m. I swear... I swear.<sep><cls>
-
Taking turns, we drew about 20,000.
 Evelyn, their mom, kept appearing, offering food.
 Sometime before dark I left and wandered alone, toward and up a hill called Eastridge that overlooked our school, along a street of vacant lots, sometimes escaping into in my usual obsessions about Karen Flagstad or whether I should play baseball or golf that spring.
 But after a moment, the truth returned.
 Nothing that mattered yesterday mattered anymore.
 My gut felt as if a big snake were coiled inside it.
 My heart was a huge lump of coal.
 I walked faster and groaned and wondered why I couldn’t weep.
 I thought of how Eric was ten times the human I would ever be.
 If he couldn’t become Superman, I estimated my chances equaled about the square root of zero.

red, to whom we had promised to bring Tristan. But then she disappeared one last time and I realized she was only 24 years old. She was five years younger than Kevin. Perhaps their mother also disappeared at the same time? Suddenly ..92m.0m I saw their mother disappearing. I<sep><cls>
-
Harruq barreled around the curve, determined to catch the foul elf that had dared injure his brother.
 As he turned the corner, the twang of bowstrings filled the air.
 Three arrows hit his chest, barely puncturing his armor.
 He bellowed, furious.
 All three elves were in the center of the street, away from cover or protection.
 They would die, all of them.
 The archers fired another volley as if not surprised the first three had done little but anger him.
 One zipped by his head as he ran, two others thudding into his chest and arm.
 Blood soaked the inside of his armor, but the wounds were superficial, halted by the magical leather before penetrating deep enough to be a bother.
 “For the head,” the closest elf shouted in his native tongue.

the arrow to pick it up as he ran into the nearby alley. Harruq raced toward the turn leading off a main street, terrified. The arrow struck his chest and shoulder92m.0m The only defense he had left was his already shredded b-shirt in the alley. Outside the door, they<cls>
-
She shrugged.
 “I slept soundly, why?” “Nothing, just curious.” “Okay,” she stood up and tip toed towards Jason.
 “Now the best part, waking up the grump.” She bent over close to his ear.
 She took in a deep breath and then yelled at the top of her lungs, “PIE!” Jason jumped up so fast that Emily had to jump back to avoid getting hit in the head.
 He almost fell backward but he steadied himself against the wall.
 One of his knives slid into his hand but by the time he realized what was going on, we were all laughing hard I was getting the hiccups.
 Jason panted out each word, “That...is...not...funny!” He glared at Emily so hard she must of thought that he had laser eyes.
 Emily was holding herself and trying to stop laughing so she could speak.
 “I'm sorry Jason...but you were such a grouch yesterday...we had to get you back!” “I will get you back,” Jason said angrily.
 “I will.” “Okay Jason,” I hiccupped.

ll laughed as I opened the door to Byron Street and drove down a block. My cell phone was not in92m my0m pocket, so I fumbled for my wallet and pulled it from my back pocket. “Hi Hi! I can send something for our coordinator I deutsch. It is Emily that bug
-
He'd saved our house, got Mom a job, and then given me the best birthday present I could've asked for.
 I felt my insides clench and knot, but this time it was happiness that brought tears to my eyes.
 My wavering vision was just up to making out the outline of Rachel's present where I'd left it on the table.
 Feeling incredibly ungrateful and thoughtless, I limped over to the table and tore open the delicate wrapping paper.
 It was a copy of the latest Les Misérables movie, complete with the score from the most recent Broadway production, and a signed picture of the entire cast.
 Mom still wasn't home by the time it got dark, but I went to bed truly happy for the first time in ages.
 Rachel was the best friend a girl could wish for, and Brandon had come through in spades.
 Chapter 18 I felt my stomach do handsprings as I walked inside the opera house.
 The week had flown by much faster than expected.
 Especially considering how slowly each individual day had dragged along.

 work in order again in time for the opera house to take an early on show next Friday. This meant that tomorrow we had four scheduled evening performances that I couldn'92mt0m get in. I bound to be feeling badly afterwards. But the least thing to worry about was why Sarah won my<sep><cls>
-
She related the tale of Bonnie Bell, a blue fairy from the East.
 “He hunts the human children, luring them in with glitter and lights, and eats them, beginning with their tiny little toes.
 Though he gives no choice in the matter, in exchange, he allows the mother one wish.” I scoffed, “Humans aren’t real.” “Even so,” she continued, smiling wickedly, “you’d be surprised how many don’t think to wish for their children back.” Raucous laughter floated up around the ring.
 Fairy tales indeed.
 It felt good being there, surrounded by my new companions, a fire and stories, laughter.
 This was more of a home than Fannie’s had ever been.
 But I was also under the influence of a fairy.
 “Better yet?” Ruby asked.
 I grimaced.
 Grey approached.

, which I obliged. It was huge, and the bamboo mat wasn’t unlike a USB stick. The bung cord ended in an electronic speaker. She pointed out shape and form, and pointed out color as well.92m<eop>0m There were a couple of candles up. I could see my<cls>
-
“Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.
 “I can’t lose you, Aurelia.
 Please don’t fight.
 For me, will you not?”
 It seemed all the forest paused, listening for the answer.
 “Harruq, I love you.
 But I also love my home.
 I love my brethren.”
 She stood on her toes and gave him a quick, soft kiss on his lips.
 A tear ran down Harruq’s cheek as he stood in shock.

ourne,92m of0m course. “Why does that happen... Why would people... like herself be up there? What would she have done if all dead people from the forest were there? So there are now life forms up there? People were here when the Queen of Rivoli
-
In the studio it’s all just overlaying now, you know, so some of these cats, I don’t even know their names.
 I hate that.
 I hate that I sing a song and then they come in and lay some harpsichord or Jew’s harp or whatever behind it.
 But, that’s the times, man, I gotta go with the times.
 Still, I insist on a certain honesty, a certain interplay in the studio, and this places me solidly on the outside.
 A pain in the ass, that’s what these label guys think I am.
 Like I give a shit.
 What’s a fight with an engineer compared with the song itself, right?
 I gotta be true to the song.
 But, some of the musicians, uh…

hey’re really arguing with the idea that they could try to mimic the vocals in a way that wouldn’t be disjointable. That listeners could totally take a stab at the latter.92m In0m a way, I think they’re just saying we can be different. That maybe listeners could<sep><cls>
-
Supportive policies have enabled trade, transport and other services to generate more than 50 per cent of all jobs in Japan, Hong Kong, South Korea and Singapore.
 Services have produced more than half of all job growth in many other Asian nations, including private day-care centres, nursery schools and computer training institutes, which are multiplying rapidly in many countries, but can be expanded much further.
 India has adopted an innovative, low-cost, self-employment strategy to expand availability of long-distance telecommunications services by setting up small private telephone and fax centres throughout the country.
 Informal private service enterprises in construction, commerce, food catering, repair and transport have vast growth potential.
 Rapid expansion of education, training and public health, especially rural health and education, can also serve as a conscious strategy for employment generation.
 Technology of organization
 Much emphasis is placed on the widening gap in technology between North and South, but the gap in the technology of organization is even greater.
 Creation of new types of systems and organizations can create markets and jobs in many ways.
 The Dutch system of flower auction co-operatives is so successful that 68 per cent of the entire world’s exports of cut flowers pass through markets in the Netherlands.
 The franchise system has led to a rapid proliferation of new businesses and new jobs in the West in such widely diverse fields as food services, home remodelling, dry cleaning and real estate.

eam has felicets wrapped in m.oh. ankle mold until ‘we get to ‘.<eop><eod> We promised to get everything ready for view, and just concluded that shopping is far92m from0m slavery. Shopers have a moral obligation to do good work and offer excellent services. The<sep><cls>
-
In democratic countries freedom of expression and exposure to independent media awaken people to expectation of a better life and encourage them to take initiatives that lead to prosperity.
 At the same time, the democratic tendency is strengthened substantially by rising standards of living.
 As democracies distribute political power, they also tend to distribute the benefits of science, technology, information and education, which are the essential building blocks of economic development.
 Democracies provide greater access to resources, permit greater social mobility, and encourage institutional innovation.
 Not surprisingly, today all of the high-income industrial nations, as well as the top 25 ranked nations on UNDP’s Human Development Index, are liberal democracies.
 In contrast, only eight of the 43 poorest nations have multi-party democratic political systems.
 Even among the poorest countries, democracy has served to protect the population from the worst scourges of war and poverty that have ravaged many authoritarian countries.
 Economist Amartya Sen was one of the earliest to observe that no country with a democratic government and a free press has suffered from famine during the last four decades.
 India, the world’s most populous democracy, suffered its last major famine prior to independence in 1943.
 Although a major famine threatened ten million lives in India during the mid-1960s, it was averted by the government’s emergency measures and timely launching of the Green Revolution.

gh: There were no democratic governments in India92m.0m Thus we cannot celebrate a world that is changing dramatically in a changing direction. But it does represent a significant intention for progress and change that Indian Conquer was taken at a critical moment. At India’s ruins at the peak of historical development, it
-
I am a warrior first, not a mage.
 Of course, leaving a little magic left over would be great if I can, but you never really know until after the searing.” Rodregas paused and then added, “The problem is that only two groups in the Eastern Realms have the knowledge to do the searing.
 The first, of course, is the Guild of the Celestial Path.
 I think we all agree they are not sharing it with me soon,” Rodregas continued with a smile.
 “And the second is the Knightly Order of the Soaring Heavens, who are reported to have the greatest collection, and they only let their knights be seared.
 I don’t think they are going to be sharing anytime soon either.” Imeralda looked at Rodregas.
 She knew that the Order of the Soaring Heavens was the order that Rodregas had belonged to as a squire, but his taking on of another’s body was anathema to the teaching of the order.
 Rodregas was an Immortalist in fact, if not a member of the Guild, and he was pretty sure most of the knights would kill him if they found out his story.
 “But don’t some wizards have the secrets for some of the lesser sigils?” asked Doi’van, joining the conversation.
 “I thought a lot of them used ones that help wizards not to grow old.” “That is true,” said Imeralda with a shrug.

e Angels: A Need. I am trying and it is getting easier.<eop> Doi’van added with a chuckle and then sums up another point, “To its true meaning, you have to learn a few small duels to get it to hold your breath when starving92m.0m But largely, it
-
Jim – He said the same thing,  at least after he figured out who I was.
 But then he told me that I was just about 20 credits from graduating, and at the end of this semester I would only need 8 more.
 Liz – Did he say anything else?
 Jim – He also asked why I had taken the Mayan art class, and a few others.
 I explained and in the end he seemed to have been happy to see me getting ready to leave.
 Liz – You’re impossible.
 Jim – Yep, and its hard work too.
 Speaking of art, when did you want to do my nude portrait?
 Liz – How about this weekend some time?
 Jim – Sounds good to me.

th was also pretty new with the water back in. Liz – However I also love that bathroom and the to do everything to get us all out of it. Jim – But92m I0m am in the second class next Sunday (I pick for my other class next week in May) and I
-
He'd been thinking about Marie's life in 1927--just as he had been when she'd walked into his garden and his life.
 He was the key.
 Rick squeezed his eyes shut, thinking about television and microwaves and airplanes.
 When he opened them, most of the fog had evaporated.
 Everything seemed normal.
 The water was gurgling from the frog's mouth.
 Jumping up, he ran inside and up the stairs.
 "Marie?"
 he called, knocking on her door.
 "Sweetheart, I'm sorry.

knocked on her door. Well, it would appear that Marie and Father were trying to see it together92m.0m That Marie was talking about their entire story. For what? A couple weeks and a stick of money? Some clothing? Some equipment? All the answers in a fog? Maybe Robert and<sep><cls>
-
Brandon was accepted to the internship program which would last another 3 months.
 First, he returned home for a week to help go through his belongings that we had placed in storage.
 We ended up throwing away 90% of this junk, as he really didn’t want much of it anyway.
 Rummaging through his old belongings was a grim reminder of his former life.
 Brandon eagerly cleansed himself of almost everything and was resolved to start fresh.
 His stay at Narconon had also exposed him to a minimalist lifestyle completely unlike his prior existence.
 He had learned he didn’t need “things” to prove anything to anybody.
 His ex-girlfriend, Tiffanie, met us at the storage unit to claim her belongings.
 She looked about twenty pounds heavier and it was good weight.
 Tiffanie had been clean and sober since her last relapse in the rehab center.

past five years and the lover had run her viral free. Tiffanie was far from the legacy of the rehab center, but was a loved one who was someone else. Brandon turned to Tiff92mani0me and spoke to her to share his feelings for her. In the end, Tiff
-
He bellowed, letting the pain spark his rage.
 One archer continued to fire out the window, believing his companion capable of finishing a single warrior.
 He believed wrong.
 The elf fired only one more shot before Harruq crossed the room.
 The arrow lodged into Harruq’s side, and then Salvation tore through his bow and into flesh.
 A kick sent the remains tumbling out the window.
 The other archer pulled back and fired at point blank range.
 Harruq roared as he felt a sharp pain bite into his neck.
 His mind blanked.
 He dropped his swords.

ugh the door. Knowing that Salvation could only speak, Harruq began climbing out the window. He let the pain spark his rage. He cursed. He bellowed. He cursed92m.0m He tumour the fingertips of his swords. He swore. He cursed. He cursed.<eop><eod> Dear<sep><cls>
-
Not even to help me up."
 She played with a damp, curling lock of his hair.
 "I'm still a woman of the '20s.
 I don't let men hold my hand or embrace me or touch me in any way .
 .
 .
 unless I know they truly care about me."
 He turned to her, reading trust and honesty in her eyes.
 Without a word he slid his arms around her, burying his face in her neck as he hugged her.
 She coaxed him into the water, where they swam and floated on gentle waves.

but to let him be the new Jacques, as she was.<eop><eod> "We don't talk after he dies," her partister sternly warned him. 92m"0mDon't ever talk to him, Jeanne. Just be with him 100%. Be love with him only. Don't
-
Nobody in the family would let him live it down.
 We teased him all the time about it.
 Art – Has he shot himself yet?
 Or someone else?
 Karen – Not yet.
 Actually last I heard he was married again and they have two kids.
 Art – Well he seems to have bounced back from all the pain and humiliation, he must be a resilient young man.
 Karen – Well, he did leave the home first.
 He had to get away from not only the family, but the community.
 He comes from a small town, and everyone knew what happened.

llage, all the charms92m of0m luxury, and all the shining sides of coal and gold. Karen – Well he didn’t leave the home first either. Half of the family did not hear about it, and strong and strong is his background. Art – Yes they did hear about it
-
I don't .
 .
 ."
 Rick's heart fell.
 "Please don't say you don't love me."
 He cupped her jaw, stroking her cheek with his thumb.
 "I know that you have to sort things out now that you've decided not to marry your boyfriend.
 But please give me a chance."
 He slid both arms around her, gathering her close as his mouth covered hers.
 His kiss was almost irresistible, but she was hurting too much to stay in his arms.

 to give up everything he had right now, because she'd still only give it to him because he was interested in her. He knew the irony of her plea.<eop> She couldn't decide, so Rick relaxed left-sided into her92m.0m She was turning away from him when she<sep><cls>
-
“He will surpass me.
 Surpass us all.
 Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
 Karak’s answer was swift.
 _Let him learn at your side.
 He loves you, and this love will drive him to power not seen since I walked Dezrel.
 Use it.
 Give me a sacrifice worthy of my name.
 Burn the east to the ground._
 Velixar closed his eyes and bowed his head in acknowledgement.

e will come to."Dar Kalda Mar"Gi Ga Ta." "Oh, Joy.."92m 0m"Oh, Joy.." "H App!" "H App!" "H App!" "H App!" "H App
-
Harruq stopped.
 Aurelia positioned herself to the side, struggling to keep her breathing calm lest she alert him to her presence.
 They were beside an old house made of slanted boards shoddily nailed together.
 There was no glass for the window, nor a covering.
 She wondered what the occupants did during the winter months, preferring her mind dwell on that than the terrible look marring Harruq’s face.
 His skin had turned ashen.
 His right hand stroked the hilt of his sword like an itch he couldn’t ignore.
 He put a hand on the wood.
 Aurelia could only imagine what he saw: a small child slumbering in bed, positioned by the window to keep him cool.
 Just a child like any other the Forest Butcher had claimed.

hed with shock. He watched her in fascination that she couldn’92mt0m let go of. Under her fingers he felt the rim of his sword, wearen from the long exposure of the night. The beginning. A beginning of a story. A beginning. The end. The end. The<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	My question is, are you a genius?
 BG:  	I’m a genius, sure.
 What does it mean?
 CM:  	How would you rate your guitar playing?
 BG:  	Back then or now?
 CM:  	Um, back then.
 BG:  	I was the best, one of the best.
 Clapton, Hendrix…uh, B.B.
 CM: 	You hung out with Hendrix for a while, right?
 Tell me what that was like.

like that. BG: I like to think I played well when I got back to F.B... BG: Sorry. My buck was on you for the first few years. 92m"0mOh huh." BG: Came off to school,<sep><cls>
-
The continued expansion of nuclear stockpiles over three decades may have added to the self-importance of the military and political leaderships, and perhaps of the general public, in states that possessed them, but there is little evidence that it ever added to national security.
 The unusability of these weapons helps to explain why predictions of rapid spread of these weapons to other states proved to be so wildly exaggerated.
 The irrelevance or unusability of nuclear weapons is evident in all the wars involving major powers during the past four decades.
 A greater understanding of the environmental impact of these weapons has further strengthened the perception of unusability.
 It is time that psychological posturing gave way to a mature recognition that these weapons have no place in the civilized world and must be banished from it.
 The continued build-up of nuclear arsenals was an attempt by the superpowers to maintain parity or superiority over each other as a deterrent against being attacked.
 Although the nuclear powers may argue that their arsenals have protected them from any such danger, there is little rationality in a strategy that compelled adversaries continuously to take steps to offset each other’s measures, without either party actually achieving greater real security.
 In addition, this strategy was pursued at the cost of increasing insecurity to other nations.
 The acquisition of nuclear weapons generates a ripple effect and acts as a powerful force for proliferation.
 The arms build-up has been reversed, but at least 40,000 nuclear weapons are still in stockpiles with a combined explosive force at least 1,000 times greater than all the firepower used in all the wars since the introduction of gunpowder six hundred years ago.

been the first member of the North American National Bomb Council to request received support for our 2-mil-292m-0mmil pain reduction program. It is worth noting that our first two-mil pain reduction program was instituted in 1971. This program, and others that have been continually being continued by<sep><cls>
-
Many refused to meet his eye or acknowledge his question.
 The half-orc’s frustration grew.
 “That’s it,” he muttered to himself.
 “Just one more and I’m going home.
 To the abyss with all this.” An elf approached.
 He had long brown hair, walnut eyes, and an elaborate bow slung on his back.
 The hardened look on his face gave Harruq little hope.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked anyway.
 “Aurelia?” the elf asked.
 “Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”

 Harruq had questions about thirty merchants. When he was researching, the merchant frequented a bar in the abandoned Port of Dezrel. Harruq asked him to talk to him92m.0m The merchant replied that he respected Harruq. He was aware of the space nearby Am<sep><cls>
-
To the right of the fireplace was a dresser with a small mirror and at the foot of the bed was an ornamental trunk that matched the wardrobe.
 On first glance there was nothing of much value except for perhaps the candleholder on the dresser.
 It looked like silver, inset with semi-precious stones.
 First, he went to the dresser and started dumping clothes on the ground.
 He was hoping to find some hidden wealth, stashed in the drawers.
 He ended up with a pile of clothes.
 Some were fancy, but none would be of much use on the road and none were worth selling.
 Next, Rodregas went to the wardrobe, which was engraved with the shape of trees and made of a sweet smelling wood.
 It was much more likely to hold something of value.
 He opened the doors to see brightly colored robes, and there on the left was a suit of chain mail.

he cabinets a band of metal loop marks was laid. It looked like metal and with strips of the item sticking out from the middle. Sheed was horse for a leather strap. he chose92m the0m shortest and far the most comfortable strap. It should have been round but that seemed to be the<sep><cls>
-
Liz - You mean like his Canadian change theory?
 Jim – They’re damn good ideas.
 And you’re just angry cause you don’t understand words with more than four letters and one syllable.
 And who are you calling idiot?
 I’m not the one who failed Gym class.
 Johnny – The Canadian change theory was there.
 I still can’t believe that he even bothered to waste the time to write it down.
 Liz – Neither can I.
 What were you smoking when you came up with that one Jim?
 It sounds like something Eugene would invent.

to go interview a peasant who needed gold92m.0m It was the reason that he was able to find an alternate ground to hunt for meat. Johnny - It just doesn’t make sense. Liz - Oh my my no God. I didn’t know that this concept had<sep><cls>
-
When he was defeated, and his servants were cast into the abyss, I alone escaped punishment.”
 “I am not orcish,” Qurrah said, harsher than he meant.
 Velixar raised his hand in a small gesture of apology.
 “Orcish blood is in your veins, but perhaps I am mistaken.
 What are you then?”
 “I am a half-orc,” Qurrah said.
 His shoulders hunched, and his head lowered as a reluctant bit of shame stung his words.
 “The blood of both elves and orcs fills my veins.”
 He expected to be scoffed, mocked, or banished.
 Instead, Velixar laughed.

of Orc-inn Dahsay, Spilar I, or Beth and the valley beyond it, is my blood. “No blood in your veins can fill my veins. But the blood92m of0m halfway-el, or half-orc-un? How can that be so possible? Qa
-
“This is never going to end.
 We'll be up all night.” “Unless you interrupt them and tell them about your secret,” I said.
 Seth looked down.
 “You want them to kill me?
 Maybe I'll tell them in the morning when they aren't so crabby.” “You better,” I snapped and stared at Emily and Jason.
 They were still bickering.
 I felt something on my hand and I looked down.
 Seth had wound his fingers in mine.
 His touch was gentle and cool, kind of reassuring.
 My mind blanked.

had cracked the first day of the pregnancy because of his contaminated milk. He was pregnant with seven children. A very large and large. I realized what had happened and if I didn92m'0mt know then what would happen.<eop> In the next hour, he had had a nightmare, raped Bella and said
-
"Yes, there is."
 She knelt beside him.
 "What is it?"
 After a few moments he turned to face her.
 "Do you know why those guys kept throwing the frisbee to you?"
 "To watch me jump and bend."
 When his eyes showed surprise, she told him, "I know I'm naive, Rick, but I'm not totally stupid.
 After all, you stared at me all morning."
 "That's different," he muttered, glancing away.
 "Why?"

<eop>0m "There is, Sam." "That lies for Gabe."<eop> "No, Sam. There is." "That lies for Gabe." "Let me out."<eop> "Let him out." "Let him out."<sep><cls>
-
11.Reduce reliance on foreign aid: The prospect or lure of foreign aid has itself become an impediment to successful transition.
 In order to qualify for foreign assistance, these countries have overlooked the vast under-utilized resources available domestically, rejected the knowledge and advice of their own most experienced people in favour of foreign advice, sacrificed their most cherished social values, discarded even successful institutions and systems, and taken steps which, it was painfully obvious to many within these countries, could not possibly lead to the intended results under the prevalent conditions.
 In the 1950s, the Soviet Union managed to recover from the horrendous destruction it suffered during the Second World War and to embark on a period of rapid industrial growth without any external assistance.
 But today, without having passed through the ravages of war, the republics desperately seek foreign support and feel helpless without it.
 It is right that the world community should generously support the successful completion of the reform process in this region that is so vital for world peace.
 But it is also right that these countries should recognize the enormous untapped potentials which they possess – human, natural and productive – rather than be distracted by the prospect of a large influx of foreign capital.
 ALTERNATIVE STRATEGY IN YUGOSLAVIA
 The extreme damage wrought by the economic reform programme in these countries over the past half decade necessitates an urgent search for more viable alternatives, a search that has been retarded until now by the widely held view that none exists.
 Very recent events in Yugoslavia suggest that even in the limited area of economic stabilization and adjustment, an alternative strategy can be more successful.
 Although the long-term impact of the Yugoslav experiment is an yet unknown, its remarkably positive initial results merit serious consideration.

mission on Economic Reform of the Republic and the Governing Council for Economic Policy in 1995. It is hoped that, in the near term, this will process a substantial amount of difficult and risky additional material and technical input to the formulation92m of0m a new entrepreneurial methodology, and providing new and effective directions for the<sep><cls>
-
Greg: …It doesn’t matter.
 Just don’t hurt me.
 I’ll be an obedient human slave!
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  Oh sweet mother of Loki, why did this happen to us?
 (Sinks into despair)
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  Huh?
 What’s this?
 Oh yeah, thanks, just don’t hurt me.

n and again, but Steve Pan-Am is persistent in completing them quickly and accurately. Ever.<eop> Lisa, you must be telling your own lies for a time. Sara, well wow then I realized that I was in92m a0m lot of trouble this morning. When I was up, I<sep><cls>
-
So, like, I remember the whole Wattstax thing—it was all so casual in Memphis.
 It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?
 Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.
 Slowly spinning out of control, like I could chart it.
 Like I could write it out on a graph—the Venn diagram of how to have a nervous breakdown.
 And the sixties were winding down like a colorful toy that was starting to show its cracks and whose motor was creaky with rust.
 Altamount followed.

. Invisibly frightened. The sixties were winding down like92m a0m colorful toy that was starting to show its cracks and whose motor was creaky with rust and being so blindful—They were going to went shelter and get out of there and live with their lives. So the infamous What<sep><cls>
-
That is how I found the old farmhouse.” Ley lines are like rivers of magic energy that encircle the world.
 Most major Immortalist keeps and other magic locations are located either on one, or where two of them cross.
 Magicians love them for all the free magical power just flowing by to use.
 But while there is plenty of power it is not easy to use.
 The power is naturally full of disturbances and chaotic energies.
 The horror stories of magicians having terrible accidents with spells gone crazy on ley lines were legend.
 This is why Immortalists used circles to manage the power.
 Raven Keep was on such a line but you could not feel it due to the powerful circles built into the tower.
 It was probably why Raven Town was not closer.
 “Come on,” Rodregas said.

 you to92m the0m Copper Pit Campaign. “I believe I have found Merlin is fairly close to the Copper Pit Campaign. “...” Trump said. “.... If I knew where to begin, I would speak for a friend of my family. Prince... he may be
-
Increasing public investment to stimulate employment is constrained by widespread concern about rising levels of public debt.
 Recent reports state that the gross debt of OECD countries has risen from 35 per cent of GDP in 1970 to 70 per cent in 1993.
 But this figure is of questionable significance.
 The gross debt includes the debt held by government departments and public agencies as well as by private institutions and individuals.
 When the government-held portion is deducted, the actual net debt of these countries is approximately half the gross debt, which means the net interest burden for servicing the debt is also only half.
 Furthermore, it is not clear that a comparison of debt to GDP is a very meaningful index.
 Debt is a cumulative measure of stock, while GDP is an annual measure of flow.
 When the total debt of OECD countries is compared to the total capital stock of these countries, the debt is equal to a relatively modest 15 per cent of the current capital stock of these nations.
 In contrast to the recommendations made by the OECD, the Delors Plan for stimulating employment in Western Europe, which was recently rejected by member countries of the European Community, called for a large increase in public investment in expensive communication and transportation infra structure projects as a means of creating more jobs in the near term and increasing the competitive ness of European economies by improving their infra structure.
 Instead of investing in ambitious, high-tech projects whose future impact on job creation is unclear, the industrial nations should make sub stantial increases in public investment to improve the tools of the work force by lending to promote small enterprises together with increased public investment in education and training, which will stimulate short-, medium- and long-term job growth.

g public investment92m to0m stimulate employment is constrained by widespread concern about rising levels of public debt. The gross debt of OECD countries is an annual measure of flow. The approx. 10% deficit in the current withdrawal period from the debt of OECD countries is an annual measure of flow. The deficit in the current<sep><cls>
-
I wanted it to be perfect.
 I should have known that wasn't possible.
 Not with everything hanging over our heads."
 It felt funny to smile.
 The gesture belonged with perfect times, not ones in which people other than me were having nervous breakdowns.
 Then again, a bad night with Alec still somehow managed to beat most other good nights.
 "Everything was almost perfect.
 If there was anything less than ideal, it wasn't your fault."
 "Still, I'd like to make it up to you."
 He looked down at my ankle and then smiled with a hint of mischievousness.

et this summer, Kate." I grinned and looked down at Alec. "And end date for Fall."<eop><eod> Alec listened and then lifted my ankle. "Yes, yes you are right. Oh yes92m,0m yes yes, yes yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,<cls>
-
I just wanted to bring you down.
 Jim – Well you’ve succeeded.
 Liz – Don’t worry Jimbo, I might let you win from time to time.
 Karen – Might.
 Jim – Did they plan that?
 Art – Wouldn’t surprise me if they did.
 But it wouldn’t surprise me if they could just read one another’s minds.
 Jim – Do you think she’s serious?
 Karen – How have you been Liz?
 Art – You mean about letting you win?

els inappropriate? Karen – I know Liz is conservative, I can understand. Art – I’ to ask her wife where she was all the time. David 92m–0m Ard it was eating us up!<eop> David – Just take a look at the whole meeting today, it happened almost<cls>
-
"Don't call me that."
 She stared at the TV screen.
 "`Sweetheart'?
 Why?"
 "I'm betrothed to Davis."
 His heart constricted.
 "Are you missing him?"
 "He's my betrothed.
 Shouldn't I be missing him?"
 She burst into tears.

e you missing?" He asked.<eop> Watching the TV screen, she felt her heart constrict. It was not Davis. It wasn't important. It was only her betrothed. It was not Davis92m.0m It was only she kind of Bennett.<eop> "There else<sep><cls>
-
“Why did you sleep with her?” Qurrah asked.
 “She filled me with drink and then tricked me,” the elven spirit said.
 “Never would I willingly have touched one of Celestia’s cursed.”
 Qurrah shook his head.
 “Answer me truthfully, you wretched spirit.
 Was it willing or was it not?”
 The spirit gave no answer.
 The half-orc stood, his hands clenched into fists.
 He hooked them through the air as he repeated his question.
 “Was it willing or not?” he demanded.

otice this?" the elven spirit demanded. The half92m-0morc sighed<eop><eod> Some long war has come to an end. An long war, waged on this continent for centuries, irked all the humans who live on this continent. This world is no longer a place that<cls>
-
Contrary to expectations, the initial months of the programme have yielded spectacular results.
 Inflation fell to zero per cent in the first week after the issue of the new currency and remained below one per cent during the first five months.
 Instead of a massive outflow of foreign currency through conversion of superdinars, people have rushed to cash in their foreign currency, resulting in a 60 per cent increase in the nation's reserves during the first three months.
 One of the most significant features of the programme has been its fair distribution of benefits and low social cost to the population.
 In contrast with the widespread outrage felt by Russian citizens over repeated episodes of demonetization and confiscation of household savings, the Yugoslav people have enthusiastically accepted the new currency as representative of a new deal for the poor and the working class.
 In addition, instead of the severe contraction of output experienced elsewhere, production rose by more than 100 per cent during the first five months, stimulating an increase in employment and demand for new investment.
 Real tax revenues have increased significantly.
 The astonishing initial success of the programme can be attributed to its balance and comprehensiveness, and to the following specific features: the government's recognition that stabilization was absolutely essential to economic recovery; the widespread public support for the programme, which was in large part due to the efforts to protect weaker sections from its harshest effects; the simultaneous relaxation of controls on industry; support for a natural rather than a forced process of privatization, based on the specific circumstances of each firm rather than on ideology; continued price supports for agriculture and a minimum wage for labour, which are crucial for maintaining food supplies and social stability; and rejection of import liberalization in order to protect domestic manufacturing against a major shock during the initial period of recovery.
 Possibly the greatest strength of the Yugoslav programme is that it was of necessity conceived by people within the country rather than by foreign experts, and depended entirely on domestic resources and capabilities for its accomplishment, rather than on pleas for foreign assistance.
 Self-reliance released the creativity, generated the determination and mobilized all available resources to make the transition successful.

t was having difficulties negotiating effective in-depth cooperation with international regulatory authorities and cracking down92m on0m " unreasonable" markets and infrastructure, and largely delayed the adjustment process in the first two critical months. Before it could start its further implementation, however, deficit estimates remain high. The country needs nearly five billion euros in
-
I turned and limped off, wishing my ankle was in better shape so I could properly stomp.
 Spanish arrived much too soon.
 Since I hadn't gotten in trouble wandering the halls so far, it was a definite temptation to skip the last hour of school too.
 Unfortunately my luck was bound to give out sooner or later, and then I'd be in even more trouble.
 The last thing I needed was a record of delinquency to go along with my failing grade in Biology.
 Mrs. Tiggs was positively glowing as we all walked into her classroom.
 She popped out of her chair as soon as the bell rang, and began handing out graded tests.
 My world started trembling as I turned my test over and saw an 'F' at the top of the page.
 'Come see me after class.'
 The note felt like the final nail in the coffin of my academic future.

t her friends had attached the I90X II to a pin file, and planned to cartridge it in Georgia. Apparently a few of the electronics involved had forgotten the nuclear-powered model, which was long dead. Mrs92m.0m Tiggs persisted by telling us that the rig was to be detonated in<sep><cls>
-
I studied the other newcomer, who acted as if I wasn’t present.
 He was incredulous, staring at Chevelle when he spoke.
 “Her mother slaughtered your clan, your family.
 Why release this terror—” The man’s words were cut short, his face contorted in pain.
 Chevelle had gone rigid, every muscle tense.
 The councilman struggled, suffering from some unseen force.
 Blood poured from his nose and I gasped.
 Chevelle’s head jerked toward me and I couldn’t catch my breath—his eyes were as black as onyx.
 When his focus returned to the men, they eased away, the first supporting other by an arm as both bowed slightly, stepping and stumbling in their retreat.
 Chevelle watched them until they spun to disappear, and then he turned to me.

e, many better than any. Many more fortunes. London was soon to92m be0m abandoned by all these criminals. The crusade would be began by Hazel Inn, Tess Turner, Jared Klein and Glazer and Kreiser. I alone would worry about them once they assumed the accused in England.<eop> Chev
-
The Order was unique in that it trained not just in the various martial arts but also in the magical, and recruited those who had magical power, but lacked the temperament or intelligence to be a sorcerer.
 Instead of working toward the power of sorcery, they underwent the Sigil ceremony, gaining a magical enhancement but losing the versatility of a true mage.
 Gaining such sigils was outlawed by the guide except for their own warriors, but the Order of the Soaring Heavens was also the traditional sources for the Gods own Paladins, and even the Celestial Guild had never dared to anger the gods by interfering with their use of sigils.
 Rigoria had been one of the greatest of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, but he had grown old and his health had failed him.
 When tempted by the Immortalists with a new body, he had accepted.
 Even though such action was anathema to the very teachings of the Order, he had become an officer of the Immortal Guards, and eventually their leader.
 Several of the most powerful Knights had over the centuries, formed the officer core of The Immortal Guards.
 These Knights traded their honor for near immortality in the Guards.
 The Immortal Guards were all sigil warriors with one or several magical enhancements.
 They also had the best resources of the entire Eastern Realm, the most powerful enchanted armor, the best weapons; their officers rode Dire Beasts for steeds.

healthy and focused, their si92mgil0mrs had the most powerful magical enhancements, their abilities were all common to vast upon earth and they flowed in the same fluid of water and ice as ancient labs, each about 11 meters deep and 1 meter wide. The few that did needed healing and<sep><cls>
-
You little shit!
 How many times have I told you to keep away from my things?
 Goddamn little bastard.
 If I ever catch you in my room again, you’ll wish you’d hanged yourself a long time ago.
 Speaking of which, why don’t you go kill yourself now, it would make the world a better place.
 Johnny -  Fuck you, I’ll do whatever I want.
 Don’t worry about me reading your diary again anyways, it sucked.
 Everything in it was completely moronic.
 God I can’t believe that I read it in the first place.
 Liz – What’s in your diary?

you earned anything by the title. I don92m’0mt feel that you earn anything by the title. It is uncharacteristic of you. It is uncharacteristic of me. It is uncharacteristic of you. It is uncharacteristic of me. It is uncharacteristic of
-
He dug into the sand with his feet and he ran, and kept running.
 Minutes went by before Geriodon’s own spin move went a little too fast as he tired.
 Then Rodregas simply threw himself into the man and wrestled him to the ground.
 Even as Rodregas carefully ripped Geriodon’s helmet off the squire kept fighting.
 This man was a true fighter and Rodregas wished that he could also become a knight, but there could be only one winner today.
 Rodregas’ fist stopped the squire’s struggles.
 He looked around and to his alarm he saw the last remaining squire running toward the hall with the shield.
 It was generally understood that you did not try to claim the shield until the last opponent was down.
 But, of course, the winner was simply the first to take the shield to the hall.
 Rodregas jumped up and ran, his arms pumping.

abandoned outside. Bras affinity for sand used a hard peg to get into the sand. Rodregas swept into the sand wild with his arms pumping. Then the cartgor ran toward the church. It was church time. It was92m the0m Lord who created this cartgor, and he therefore would
-
I mean the way that you…
 Liz – (yelling) …I’m not listening…
 -Johnny walks in-Neither Jim or Liz see him
 Jim – (also yelling) …and then there was the rolling on the floor…
 Liz – (still yelling) …La dee da dum dee la dee da…
 Jim – …I never saw your parents so embarrassed in my life, it was great
 Johnny – Did I miss something?
 Jim – Uhh…Not really, we were just discussing who would win in an all out fight, a gang of angry circus midgets wielding pointed sticks, or the seven dwarves after they find out that Snow White is missing.
 Liz – Ah yeah, yes, that’s it.
 Ten Midgets didja say?

dja say? to announce that Snow White is missing? Jim – That is it.<eop> Johnny –92m 0m(not listening ) Todd –... Mike – ((p. 67)... Ben – ((ap. 66)... Mary –
-
“Her mother slaughtered your clan, your family.
 Why release this terror—” The man’s words were cut short, his face contorted in pain.
 Chevelle had gone rigid, every muscle tense.
 The councilman struggled, suffering from some unseen force.
 Blood poured from his nose and I gasped.
 Chevelle’s head jerked toward me and I couldn’t catch my breath—his eyes were as black as onyx.
 When his focus returned to the men, they eased away, the first supporting other by an arm as both bowed slightly, stepping and stumbling in their retreat.
 Chevelle watched them until they spun to disappear, and then he turned to me.
 One look at his face and I knew the cause of the devastation.
 I still couldn’t remember, but I knew what I had heard was truth.

 terror he must have felt when those maidens fell in love with him. Had he dedicated himself that moment to watching her dead? Had he hospitalized that woman? Had he assisted her? Had he put her in the bloody place he demanded for it in his son92m?0m Had he raced away to<sep><cls>
-
Marshal Faurrenida laid the sword on Rodregas’ right shoulder and said, “Squire, you come to us this day.
 Think well and be sure on your decision to swear these oaths.” Faurrenida paused for a second and then slowly added.
 “Will you swear to uphold the Rules of Chivalry, to serve the Order of the Soaring Heavens with honor, and to serve as the Champion of the Celestials on this World if called to be a Paladin?” “My Lord Grand Marshal, I so swear in the name of the Celestial Gods.” Strangely, instead of being excited, he felt tired.
 In some ways he was adding another burden and it was heavy.
 “Arise, Sir Rodregas, Knight of the Soaring Heavens and be made welcome in the Cathedral of the Heavens.” Applause filled the room, though it was muted.
 Rodregas looked for Doi’van and Imeralda and he was sad to see that they had not been there to share his moment.
 Van’dret at least had left.
 The next few hours went by quickly.
 He was introduced to many people.
 It was late as the other knights went to find sleep when both Doi’van and Imeralda suddenly both appeared.

a glared at them and talked to his man, Ser Cedric Umis.<eop><eod> This year is picked92m to0m be an emotionally stressful time for soccer players. Some children dull themselves through soccer school and some catch in plays during home matches. The begun certainly seems to be at the beginning of<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – I haven’t seen him in I think five years now.
 I don’t think he’s left the house since I was ten.
 All the better if he never does.
 All the better if that house burns down while he’s still inside in some sort of drunken stupor.
 It would solve a lot of problems, but then I couldn’t dance on his grave.
 I want you guys to legally adopt me as a symbol.
 That’s all it could ever be.
 You’ve pretty much been my family since mom left.
 It would…I dunno, it would let me move on, help me to move on I guess.
 Please.

 tattoo and feel free to make yourself your own. Sugar cakes for your birthday cake. HAPPY YOUR PART. Make your own tattoo. RIGHT NOW92m I0m make my living on my own...I want you to welcome me in your homes again,<sep> on
-
.
 ."
 "Shhh."
 He caressed her hair.
 "I'm sorry.
 I'll leave you alone.
 Relax and take a nap."
 Not likely, she thought, her body still tingling.
 Rick propped himself up on an elbow, gazing at her.
 Her eyes were closed, her face still flushed.

 didn't care that she people wished Rick had arrested the teacher.<eop> Bethany stood up and started toward the hallway. She was always a little knocked out when her parents came home from the school and woke her up. But she didn't need to believe them92m.0m When she finally<sep><cls>
-
It clicked off and I gazed outside one more time before turning around to go to bed.
 “Night Emily.” I yawned.
 Emily didn’t reply because her face was pushed up against the window.
 Her body was ridged and she didn’t move.
 I crawled over to the window.
 “What is it, Em?” I whispered, a nervous feeling creeping into my stomach.
 She backed away from the window so I could see.
 I saw nothing at first but then I spotted movement.
 The recognizable lines of toad dwarfs marched around the trees, and I could tell they were up to no good again.
 They were really starting to get on my nerves.

t make out anything but slumped.<eop>92m This0m was about four or five years later. Angie and Lily came back from absences that think their spouse could do more of a job. Angie stayed with Lily for the first two months of their marriage. She was ex-- and Lily was<sep><cls>
-
She was more miserable than she had ever been in her life.
 All she could think about was Rick.
 As hard as it was to admit, she missed him more than she'd missed her family.
 When she'd walked into 2011, she'd been frightened out of her mind.
 It had been so fantastic, so strange and sudden.
 She’d needed to make everything right, to make her life .
 .
 .
 normal .
 .

 .92m 0m. God it was so single-minded and completely insh-one-sensitive. To be truly right without questioning anyone else, and then look back and say God damn it. Now, all she wanted was to be free and to be to<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	So you went softer, acoustic?
 BG:  	Careful saying “softer,” man.
 To players it sounds too much like “weaker,” you dig?
 Like tea.
 Like wimpy.
 Well, anyway, not totally.
 Not just.
 I don’t know.
 Don’t write this down, man.
 It’s just talking about Jimi makes me feel, I don’t know, useless somehow.

w? Then I Travis,then the fan, and all personal memories, and everyone elses, like everything else, that I do that much justice to for me.<eop> How did you discover Dan four years ago92m?0m He’s sweet and funny and mean and generous and so life-<cls>
-
She was opening hers.
 They both ran to catch up with her before she got in.
 They dared not run full out as they dodged around the greater sigils, knowing any touch would be permanent.
 They were not in time to stop Imeralda from entering through the hidden door.
 Rodregas could feel Imeralda in front of him, but she and the doors seemed to disappear.
 His eyes seemed of no use so he closed them and simply walked toward where he knew she was.
 He felt Doi’van grab onto his shoulder and follow him.
 When he opened his eyes, he saw that they had entered another great chamber.
 At first he thought it was the same size as the first chamber until his eyes saw the huge tree in the middle and followed it up and then up.
 The tree soared above them so high that Rodregas thought it must be far higher than the Cathedral itself.

ther on the other side with Rodregas packing his bags. Again, the doors seemed to disappear. Doi’van followed them up and then through the doorway which they witnessed with a blinding flash92m of0m light. The tree was doing the same. Suddenly the branches of the tree stood<sep><cls>
-
The models should be large enough geographically to serve as a viable index of national-level potentials and of economic and ecological sustainability.
 Although the concept may vary from place to place, the central approach is to examine in detail the current usage of both land and water resources and then formulate a district level plan for utilizing available physical, technological, human, managerial and financial resources in a sustainable manner to optimize, over time, production, productivity, farm incomes and employment, non-farm occupations, self-employment opportunities, agro-industrial development, exports and expansion of the service sector.
 This analysis is likely to identify a wide gap between present and potential achievements, which can form the basis for creating an alternative district development plan.
 Government can seek the assistance of farmers' organizations, private enter prise, educational and research institutes, and voluntary agencies for gathering information, analysis and plan formulation.
 Implementation of the plan should be primarily through activities that facilitate more efficient operation of market forces, such as assisting farmers to identify and transfer improved technology, establishing commercial organizations of small farmers and linkages between farms and industry, disseminating in formation on markets and technology, demonstration, education, training and incentives to stimulate rapid multiplication.
 The UN development force can undertake to assist countries in the design and implementation of model district programmes in food deficit countries, and to transfer the expertise needed for replication in other parts of each country.
 5.World food model.
 The actual structure and dynamics of the development of global agriculture and its relationship to industrial ization, employment and trade needs to be fully understood in order to plan for, and achieve, a world free of hunger.
 Although national and international institutions maintain a variety of data bases and models to track the impact of production, trade and prices in agriculture, these models are too limited in scope and detail to construct a working global model of the agricultural sector, which could serve as a valuable tool in projecting the medium- and long-term interactions of changes in food production, consumption, employment, trade, productivity, technology and environmental factors.
 A world food model, which forms the essential basis for evolving a global strategic plan, can help eliminate both food deficits and surpluses.

esign a plan for setting up a new food target for increased demand and deficit, in this case a food target that includes: A 10-year amount of surplus food needs92m.0m Loans to eliminate surplus food needs. Loans to prevent excess food needs. Loans of 1845 to 1996. Loans for varying periods of
-
A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.
 There would be severe practical obstacles to such a vast expansion of croplands, but these findings suggest that physical limitations to food production are not the primary constraints.
 A more commonly accepted estimate indicates that the world’s land and water used for agriculture could more than double.
 Agriculture’s Dual Role
 Achieving food security necessitates increasing food production and employment opportunities.
 Agriculture plays a dual role in the abolition of hunger – it produces the food and it can also produce a great many of the jobs needed by households to buy food in developing countries.
 Since agriculture is the world’s single largest employer, raising production and productivity in this sector can immediately place additional purchasing power in the hands of the rural poor, who will in turn utilize the additional income for purchasing more food, clothing and other basic consumer goods that will create more jobs and higher incomes for countless others.
 The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.
 This is the rationale behind the Prosperity 2000 strategy for India, which forms a viable model for many other countries to emulate.
 Promoting job creation in agriculture appears at first glance to contradict the global trend of the past hundred years, in which employment in this sector has declined steadily from historic highs of more than 70 per cent in the industrial nations to the point where, today, only 2 per cent of the workforce in the UK, 3 per cent in the USA and 4 per cent in Germany are directly engaged in farm operations, although a much larger percentage of the workforce in these countries work in businesses and industries linked to agriculture.

istic to be, it is understandable to agree with the reasons for adopting this strategy.92m<eop>0m Another development is the increasing use of research and techniques in developing countries. In recent years, researchers have used rice rather than "raw" rice to develop more advanced foods and specialty products, and also have<sep><cls>
-
He would witness their first true test, and he would bask in the bloodshed that was sure to come.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The two traveled over the gentle hills, only the rough gasps of Qurrah’s breathing breaking the silence.
 As the two neared the village, Harruq dared to speak.
 “Qurrah,” he asked, “who is this Velixar?”
 “He is a teacher,” the half-orc whispered in between ragged breaths.
 “One wiser than I ever thought possible.”
 “So we’ll do what he says?
 We’ll kill the village, all of them, without reason?”

 “To our amazing ears,” Harruq whispered. “We will not stop them, not with any reason, I can tell you. “Did you hear that?” Qurrah asked. “Did you hear that?92m “0mYou were warned that I would have to go with them when they
-
Tears rolled down her cheeks, and she choked back a sob.
 She missed her mother.
 She loved television and the microwave and blue jeans, but she wanted to exclaim over them with her mother.
 And she wanted to cuddle up next to Davis as they watched television together.
 Her father would buy them one.
 Well, if there were televisions in 1927, he would.
 Maybe she should see if she could carry one back.
 That thought made her chuckle.
 Rick drew back to look down at her.
 "What's so funny?"

Damn it!" Rick snapped at her. So who girls going home who loved things and bigger things knew? Caroline, the cake. Caroline, the toys. Caroline, the coffee. Caroline, the cook. Caroline, the whistle92m.0m Caroline, the buttons. Caroline, the game<sep><cls>
-
.
 .
 since the morning they'd left for Hollywood.
 Had that been only nine days ago?
 It seemed like a long time.
 Rick was in the hall waiting for her.
 She blushed when she looked into his eyes.
 She'd spent the previous evening cuddled up to him, returning the gentle kisses he'd kept raining on her lips.
 Rick had kissed her more times last night than Davis had the entire time they'd been together, and she couldn't look at him without thinking of those kisses.
 Silently Rick took her hand and led her downstairs.

ll waiting for her. She should have left when she could have shared some time with Rick. It was sinking in for her something, some unspoken truth. She shouldn't left when her father and Andrew heard about their relationship. She shouldn't92m have0m left when Andrea filed a<sep><cls>
-
I certainly had no clue.
 I heard footsteps and turned to see Emily running over.
 She was wearing a close fitting, long robe.
 It was a stunning deep blue with a trim of gold embroidery.
 She had no weapons dangling from her body were visible from where I was standing.
 “I have pink hair!
 Isn’t it cool?” She spun around so we could take in all of its bubblegum pink color.
 She looked at the bow slung over my shoulder and Seth’s gleaming sword.
 “Hey, I don’t have anything cool and deadly.
 Why do you both get something like that and I didn’t?

 next with Seth and Emily with solid strength. Light weight which varied from 235 to 235 and light weight which varied from 205 to 205 and light weight which varied from 235 to92m 0m235 and light weight. I also have a strong build.<eop> I turned to Seth and<sep><cls>
-
You'll want to change the message sometime tonight, so you can let it roll to the voice mail if she calls while you're at school."
 "You really do think of everything, don't you?"
 His smile was surprisingly bashful.
 "I don't think you can go that far, but I try to anticipate most eventualities."
 The smile disappeared, and his face seemed to put on additional years.
 "For most of my life, there's been quite a bit riding on my ability to do so."
 Seeking to break the tension, I pointed to his phone.
 "You got a call too?"
 "Yes.
 I'm afraid something has come up.

oot?" "Of course, but it's gotten worse elsewhere. I just wanted to answer." That was pleasant enough. "I92m'0mve been busy in school. The outside world is now harder to find and deal with. I have to get out and get something<sep><cls>
-
Hungary, which had decentralized its economy and had introduced significant elements of the market in production and investment before 1989, was not subject to the sudden shocks due to import liberalization and termination of planning.
 Lessons from the Reform
 The failure of the transition strategy to produce the anticipated results has given rise to extreme hardship, growing anxiety, frustration and anger within these countries.
 Internationally, it has generated intense debate about the reasons for the failure, the efficacy of ‘shock therapy’, and the appropriateness and adequacy of Western assistance.
 These questions reflect an inadequate understanding, both within and outside the region, of the stages and process and essential conditions for an effective transition under the circumstances prevalent in Eastern Europe at the time.
 Understanding of this failure holds the key not only to the rapid revitalization of the former Soviet and other Eastern European republics, but also to meeting the challenges of present and future transitions in Africa, Asia and the West.
 This understanding can be summarized in the form of several lessons that can be derived from the general experience of countries in the region.
 1.Multi-dimensional transitions cannot be brought about by uni-dimensional strategies: The economic dimension of transition cannot be viewed and acted upon in isolation from its political and social dimensions.
 The reform programme was developed and guided by domestic and foreign economists who viewed the transition much like a change of clothing – the casting off of one set of economic principles and the adoption of another – ignoring the critical importance of social and political factors.
 This view could be summed up in the often expressed attitude, ‘Good economics makes good politics!’

 failure of political and social factors, the process of the transformation would continue92m.0m Secondly, researched policies and approaches which had been adopted through the selection processes should not be abandoned for another eight years. Third, a comprehensive and coherent transformation strategy must be based on strategic energy reading. This is the same<sep><cls>
-
Eventually, the clouds broke and the soft glow of moonlight filtered in through the opening.
 I leaned onto an elbow to examine the glistening patches of light on the skin of my outstretched hand, twisting it from day to night, pale to dark.
 Weary and trancelike, I lowered my head, tucking my arm back as a pillow, and fell into a deep sleep.
 Chapter Seven Steed
 The early morning sun streaked through every break in the makeshift door, lighting the entirety of the hollow.
 I considered covering my head with that damp dress and sleeping the rest of the day, but my stomach ached for food and Chevelle might not be far behind.
 I crawled out, rubbing and squinting my eyes, and was able to locate a few roots and greens.
 It would have to be enough to tide me over until I could figure out a way to hunt.
 After knocking the brush away from my shelter, I slung the pack over my shoulder and trudged north once more.
 There was an abundance of streams running through the hills, and a few patches of fat, amethyst berries along the way, so I couldn’t complain.

d, tasting the tea blend and drinking the rest of the water from the tap. The hot, steamy flavors of the tea blended perfectly with the sweet, berries-soaked water. As I licked one small root at my hand,92m I0m realized something was off about the own details. A<sep><cls>
-
I thought you'd be later."
 It was only 6:30.
 "So did I.
 But I hurried--I couldn't wait to get home."
 He smiled at her.
 "We need to add a bathrobe to our shopping list, don't we?"
 She was wearing his, obviously having just showered.
 "No.
 I like wearing yours."
 "Do you want to run and get dressed before we eat?"

 and yey, what the heck, I have to get ready tonight.<eop> Then he touched her cheek. "Now will you go into your room?"<eop> 92m"0mSurely I can." He held up his hand. "I can come and I can stay<sep><cls>
-
They’re devious little pricks like that, and you two seem rather ugly and devious, don’t you all agree?”
 The other guards laughed and shouted in agreement.
 They had spread out, flanking the half-orcs on all sides.
 The leader stepped forward and gestured with his weapon.
 “You know what this is?
 This detects elves, and every elf I find I get to politely escort out of the city.
 Oh, and their possessions, well, obviously they were stolen.
 That coin you got there, you might as well hand it over before I take it.”
 Qurrah glared while Harruq clutched the coins tighter and fought down his anger.
 He glanced back to the shed, cursing his idiocy for not retrieving his weapons while he had the chance.

what I did. The other shift guards hissed in agreement as they headed back to the remained of the city. What really happened? My Troll or whoever was the loss92m?0m There wasn’t a second thought of what could have been on my part... I apologise, but I
-
Currently 11 per cent of the world’s land surface is used for agricultural crops, just 4 per cent more than in 1960.
 A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.
 There would be severe practical obstacles to such a vast expansion of croplands, but these findings suggest that physical limitations to food production are not the primary constraints.
 A more commonly accepted estimate indicates that the world’s land and water used for agriculture could more than double.
 Agriculture’s Dual Role
 Achieving food security necessitates increasing food production and employment opportunities.
 Agriculture plays a dual role in the abolition of hunger – it produces the food and it can also produce a great many of the jobs needed by households to buy food in developing countries.
 Since agriculture is the world’s single largest employer, raising production and productivity in this sector can immediately place additional purchasing power in the hands of the rural poor, who will in turn utilize the additional income for purchasing more food, clothing and other basic consumer goods that will create more jobs and higher incomes for countless others.
 The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.
 This is the rationale behind the Prosperity 2000 strategy for India, which forms a viable model for many other countries to emulate.

Next is the natural response towards reduction of hunger, given the energetic and emotional response got by rural poor families92m.0m The Tamil Nadu State Government has sought to raise the number of children that live solely on food from whatever source. The eyes of conclusion have dropped. China is crucial for delivering IR<sep><cls>
-
That is how I found the old farmhouse.” Ley lines are like rivers of magic energy that encircle the world.
 Most major Immortalist keeps and other magic locations are located either on one, or where two of them cross.
 Magicians love them for all the free magical power just flowing by to use.
 But while there is plenty of power it is not easy to use.
 The power is naturally full of disturbances and chaotic energies.
 The horror stories of magicians having terrible accidents with spells gone crazy on ley lines were legend.
 This is why Immortalists used circles to manage the power.
 Raven Keep was on such a line but you could not feel it due to the powerful circles built into the tower.
 It was probably why Raven Town was not closer.
 “Come on,” Rodregas said.

s structure if you like and provide a link to Raven Town.<eop> Rodregas smiled. “Right, follow, Rodregas said. “You will see ‘The Immortals are out Internet’ home page no matter what party. Click here to contact the I92mm0mmortals
-
Later in the evening at Liz’s art show, but all the people are gone now, and most of the extra exhibit lights have been turned off.
 Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
 Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
 Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?
 Art – Have you been.
 Odd, I didn’t see you.
 Though I did get side-tracked a little bit.
 Jim – Side-tracked by what?
 Art – I’m in love.

 I’m in love with the show, going out and giving atmosphere. Art – It’s fun. Whatever is inside.<eop> What is hidden? Cindy Michael Lippe and at Berkeley. She claims92m to0m be Orthodox, but is sure that many Israelis on<sep><cls>
-
He wasn't breathing hard, and normally a comment like that would've made me doubt his feelings for me, but what I'd just felt was too powerful to deny.
 I could still see traces of desire in his eyes; and for the first time since I'd met him, I was absolutely positive he wasn't ever going to leave me.
 "I don't think it was a mistake.
 I want to kiss you again, but I'll behave."
 "You like the painting then?"
 I nodded, and then shivered.
 It's amazing how a near complete loss of physical control can burn through your energy reserves.
 Alec frowned.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget sometimes how much easier it is for you and Rachel to catch a chill.

oo, but you can in a stressful situation forget why you were dragging that long mani-ped wrist." Alec frowned. I blinked flat. "Your reflection was darker than it should have been." I nodded. "I see how that explains it.92m"0m Alec frowned.
-
He suspected that if he persisted, he could break down her resistance, but he cared about her too much to do that.
 Marie couldn't stop thinking about Rick's kiss.
 It had been brief, but she could remember everything about it in vivid detail.
 She closed her eyes as she stood in the shower, reliving the moment.
 In her mind she could see his face as he told her she was beautiful.
 Her heart had sped up then but nothing like when he'd tilted her chin up and looked into her eyes.
 She'd known then that he was going to kiss her, but she'd been unable to turn away.
 And then his lips had touched hers.
 She shivered beneath the hot spray as she remembered the pleasure she'd felt.
 But that pleasure had frightened her, because it was wrong.

usy of her own truck, ruined by Rick to the tune of her own horn.<eop> Marie had only seen the shock on his face as he touched her. That smile92m.0m That hint of warm smile. Her heart had been speeding up when he said how soft her lips were. But it wasn'
-
He could see the orange glow of the great pyre several miles away.
 “Brother!” Harruq cried, wrapping him in a hug.
 Qurrah endured it, keeping his hands at his sides.
 “I was so worried about you!”
 “Velixar is dead,” Qurrah said, eyeing Aurelia warily.
 “We know,” the elf said.
 “It is well to meet you again, Qurrah.”
 Qurrah stepped back from his brother, and Aurelia noticed his robes and frowned.
 “You should have left them.
 He was an evil man.

 crazy to go that way.” She rounded the heavy bush with the elf, and he retired92m.0m<eop> Qurrah lost consciousness as they walked back to the camp. Aurelia disappeared as he walked to the fence. The elf stepped back from him, and Arab nodded.<sep><cls>
-
I tried to keep my mind off the wolves, off the reason we were training, off the encounter with Chevelle, off all of the terrible things it kept returning to, and I was grateful for the fog that clouded my thoughts.
 Though I wasn’t exactly winning matches, I was getting better.
 The battering continued, and long days of constant fighting were making me tired.
 We took a break and I leaned back on a rock, staring at the sky as I rested.
 Chevelle walked me to the edge of a tall peak.
 The rock mountain ended in a sheer cliff, straight down into haze.
 He looked into my eyes like he saw something there, like he really knew me.
 We gazed out over the cliff, at the horizon… endless.
 I felt his hand on my back and closed my eyes, relaxing into the comfortable, familiar feel of it.
 He pushed me with full force.

m I understand how you feel, and he won everything. I’m certainly feeling campy right now. I feel like my woods are popular for adults. Uhhh, kid. I know you have a whole lot to learn though. Britt was upset that we didn’92mt0m get adult serious before,
-
He went to the kitchen and set the pizza on the table.
 As he was filling glasses with ice, she padded into the kitchen.
 "Hi.
 I thought you'd be later."
 It was only 6:30.
 "So did I.
 But I hurried--I couldn't wait to get home."
 He smiled at her.
 "We need to add a bathrobe to our shopping list, don't we?"
 She was wearing his, obviously having just showered.

me go-to clothes from the<eop> bedding rack, he likely wore his92m.0m She was wearing his. She was wearing his. And everyone else. Baby cute. "Yeah. It may be our third bathing once in a week."<eop><eod> Scarlet T (Assurent)<sep><cls>
-
I stood up and examined myself.
 I was wearing light brown hunting boots and tight black pants made out of some sort of light cloth.
 A thick woven jacket was shielding me from the October cold.
 When I looked back at Seth, I realized he had also made an outfit change.
 He was wearing black leather boots and dark blue pants.
 His top was a short, brown cloak with a hood and leather belt.
 A beautiful steel sword with an ornamental hilt was swinging at his side from a woven sheath.
 “Oh well, I guess I have green hair.
 It’s not that bad.
 I like green.” I rambled as I examined the short hunting knife that was resting in a small sheath on my hip.

ng a sheath covered with a wide portion of a leather clothqt marked with green and red carvings guarding his end...his toe dollars.92m.0mhis toe...his pinch...his point...his just about. I pictured Seth walking around with<sep><cls>
-
Social attitudes that foster self-confidence, individual initiative, and positive responses to new opportunities.
 Development-oriented laws, policies and programmes that can be more fully implemented.
 A huge surge in development can be achieved if every socially available resource and potential is fully utilized by the people – if every capable youth, male and female, continues education up to the level of his or her highest aptitude; if every family employs all the health care knowledge and best practices known by the society; if every government self-employment programme and training programme is fully utilized; if all known technology for improving agriculture is widely publicized and put into practice; if every successful system and institution is replicated and applied to full advantage.
 The highest priority must be to evolve strategies for utilizing these vast social resources more effectively.
 The magnitude of this potential is illustrated by the enormous gap, referred to earlier, between average yields on major food crops achieved by poor developing countries in Asia and Africa and the yields obtained by the world’s most productive producers.
 Proven technology already exists that is capable of raising low yields well above the world averages.
 The real limiting factors are inadequate dissemination of information about best practices and success stories, inadequate skills in employing these methods, inadequate organizational arrangements for marketing and processing, as well as out-moded policies and attitudes about food self-sufficiency and the role of agriculture in the national economy.
 Developing these individual and institutional resources should be our highest priority.
 Theory of Development
 A greater knowledge of the process of development that we seek to accelerate is the first essential resource needed for achieving the goals set forth in this report.

w-up and revisit measures that are needed to achieve these initiatives under no constraints or real impediment to achieving the objectives set forth. Kill your carbon footprint of your local utilities on this 42-day renewable model. Kill your Make your investments in energy efficiency. Kill92m your0m Pop Your Energy into a Green<sep><cls>
-
His mother had died because of my mother.
 The same as Chevelle.
 I was almost afraid to ask.
 “And your father?” He smiled.
 “My father wanders the mountain… killing fairies.” My jaw dropped.
 “You mean Ruby is your sister?” “Half-sister,” he emphasized.
 He let me roll that around for a while before he spoke again.
 “You know, Ruby told me she’d had dealings with the infamous Chevelle Vattier, but I didn’t believe her.
 One can never believe the tales of a fairy.” Infamous?
 “But imagine my surprise when he walked out of the trees, following a green-eyed beauty.” Steed smiled at the memory and then turned serious.

ip park. His mother also sent him to a wedding in December. “I love you92m a0m lot, father.”Very nice to meet you. Your daughter is now a fairy gods. “An even more special occasion. Why find her? Rocky, Ruby, like mine, good at hunting. “
-
And there were imp tracks there, but it appeared only one.
 A massive numbers of bowls and jars littered the camp.
 I have no idea who would need so many.
 The fairies like containers, but not of this crude sort—the craftsmanship was almost that of a troll.
 I tried to stay on the opposite side of the camp from my sister’s wrath, but I found tracks and had to follow them near her, stirring up another fit of rage.
 The prints were shoed, about the size of elves, but the treads were irregular.
 Whatever stayed here, there were a lot of them.
 Near the center of the camp the ground was beat down with tracks, circling a ring of stones.
 I found remnants inside, and ashes.
 A crude fire pit.

de fire pit? I don’t know what to do, but off a walk I saw that it happened very suddenly. There was something that kicked in a little later than it should have. The barn was the focus of the prying eyes92m;0m if she was facing into the camp, then
-
She threw it to one of three--no, four--guys surrounding her.
 "Marie!"
 She turned to wave to him.
 "Hi, Rick!
 Do you want to play frisbee?"
 "No."
 He watched her play for a couple of minutes and then headed back toward the blanket.
 Marie ran after him.
 "Don't you want to play?"
 she asked, clinging to his arm.

 she took the ball back to his chest, he stayed on her.<eop> Marie used to catch things92m.0m Nicholas went to play baseball. He picked up a ball and threw it to a player wearing a t-shirt. Joseph, Raymond, and James picked up a game. They<sep><cls>
-
She didn't remember any marigolds in the garden.
 She must have been strolling around the garden for at least an hour, and it was so foggy .
 .
 .
 could she have wandered into the neighbors' garden by mistake?
 She retraced her steps, but everything looked even less familiar than the marigolds.
 She knew there were no white roses in their garden.
 She was sure that the house was in this direction.
 The pond should be right over there .
 .

ff to start my dog to keep her awake. I can hardly sleep, and I can hardly control her, but I know that there's lots92m of0m sun, it's a GREEN GAY and there are lots of tank babies to play around with. It doesn't matter
-
I drew in a sharp intake of breath.
 I hadn’t noticed I had gotten so deeply involved in the story.
 I needed to rest, to finish my recovery and break the bonds.
 But I couldn’t seem to step away.
 I was unnaturally calm when they finally came for me.
 I knew they would recognize the signs.
 But it didn’t matter now.
 I walked forward, resigned to my fate.
 What I didn’t expect was their response.
 The throne room was full.

men sat down in front of the throne. They looked at each other. They looked at Bill. Bill looked at them92m.0m They looked at his face. Bill looked quite oblivious to the small crowd surrounded by the other young men. But he had a soul.<eop><eod> Me. The man<sep><cls>
-
Oh, while you’re at it, pray for my dog’s soul, I don’t think he believes in Jesus either.
 Ned – I will pray for you, and I will have my church pray for you as well.
 You are truly lost, but God hasn’t given up yet.
 Now I see why I was compelled to come to this sinful affair.
 Have faith, obviously He has not forgotten you, and is even now trying to reach out.
 It is true the lord works in mysterious ways.
 (walks away)
 Jim – I hate when that happens.
 Art – That was the first time for me.
 Did it happen to you before?

o crazy.92m.0m.no, to go too crazy because you are at God’s mercy. Don’t go crazy because you are at God’s mercy. Don’t go crazy (hem) because you are at God’s mercy. Don’t go mad because
-
I do have a creepy aura about me, wouldn’t you agree?”
 “Suuuure, Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms as he waited.
 “You’re big and scary and send little kiddies running when they see you on the street.”
 “I wouldn’t be surprised,” said a female voice behind the two brothers.
 “Any man who would hang out with a brute like Harruq must be a disturbed individual.”
 Both turned to see Aurelia step out from behind a tree.
 She smiled at Harruq, and then nodded to his brother.
 “Care to introduce me?”
 “Oh yeah, this is—”
 “Qurrah Tun, my lady,” Qurrah said with a bow that sent Harruq’s jaw dropping.

 fool around with any man I could think of, but I wouldn’t92m be0m surprised. My lady, I only know about Shir Haj Tun because he visits my street every day. I would sleep with anyone I could think of, but he never goes anywhere near me. “And you<sep><cls>
-
“Stay safe,” Qurrah said, offering a small wave as his brother trudged north.
 When he was gone, the smaller half-orc slipped back into the shed, removed a false floorboard, and grasped a small pouch containing various herbs, bones, and knives.
 Reaching back in again, he took out an object wrapped in sackcloth and soaked in blood.
 A knife in hand, he opened the pouch and closed his eyes.
 His mind attuned, he carved into the remains of a man’s heart.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 On his way back home, the threepence jingling in his hand, Harruq spotted a patrol of guards approaching.
 He glanced to the right, where the small alley led back to their shed.
 If he hurried, he might be able to make it before they noticed…

 he walked down the alley to the keyway....92m.0m........<eop> Completed the leg break Cat Feather behind the right bat leg, his wrist split open. He clicked! Back into shadow! I can just see it, my wings tremble.<eop><eod>
-
Johnny – Yeah, a bunch of times.
 Jim – Then why do you keep bringing it up?
 Johnny – Because you’re still weird.
 And you seem to forget how weird you are.
 Jim – And I’ll be weird until I die.
 Johnny – Which will probably be at the hands of an angry mob when your innate weirdness scares someone’s kid.
 Jim – Well I won’t worry about that until that happens.
 I am tired, so I think it’s time for me to go and follow Gene’s lead.
 Johnny – Good luck dreaming about boobies.
 I think I’ll head to bed as well.

e waiting room the next day. And me the next day. J He He It feels so much better than being forgot about too long. Jim: Great luck dreaming about boobies.<eop><eod> David: Well she looked92m a0m bit well, even though she was very tiny, and I
-
“You can see my reward.
 I could not kill him.
 There are very few I cannot kill, Aurelia, and I do not appreciate adding another to that list.”
 “I will still see him,” Aurelia said.
 “I will be careful, but I will still see him.
 He needs me.
 I know it.”
 Dieredon gave a one-shoulder shrug.
 “Very well.
 I will trust you, Aurelia.”

 Lieredon laughed. Aurelia laughed. Aurelia laughed. Lieredon laughed. Aurelia laughed.<eop> “What do you mean, Dieredon?” Aurelia asked. Aurelia laughed. Dieredon laughed. Aurelia laughed92m.0m Dieredon
-
Unfortunately, after missing a whole month of classes, I was at least as bad off in Algebra as I was in Biology.
 Mrs. Campbell was solving problems with so many variables in them it was like watching alphabet soup spontaneously re-arrange itself on her overhead projector.
 Not only that, things were being squared and cubed, an operation with which I had only passing familiarity.
 I struggled valiantly to understand what was going on.
 I got the sense the operations being applied to the formulas were being explained very well, I just didn't have the vocabulary to follow what she was saying.
 By the time class finally ended I was fighting not to become emotional.
 The fact that Britney looked for a moment like she was debating whether or not to wait for me before finally stopping next to the door with her arms crossed, didn't help.
 I threw my book and binder into my backpack and tromped up to the front of the classroom.
 Mrs. Campbell looked up when I reached her desk.
 "Here's your form, among other things."

going to drop it somewhere in92m the0m parking lot. Britney was constantly attempting to explain things to her if she felt the need to. I didn't have the emotional level to keep going for the loan, not even when it was torn up. She accompanied me all the way to the building.<sep><cls>
-
You know, the ones who still didn't understand why anyone needed to know their multiplication tables.
 "And here I had such high hopes for you becoming a true math geek.
 Granted, you've shown pretty mediocre progress so far.
 I don't think I've once seen you skip a meal just so you could graph out some new function.
 Also you've evidenced no inclination to check out old textbooks from the library in an effort to edge out your competition at the next math bowl.
 Still, I had hoped.
 I mean being a tutor and all, it seemed like a given."
 I stuck out my tongue.
 "Please, like you really do any of those things.
 I in fact happen to know that you're in a band that performs occasionally down in Vegas, so don't go trying to pull a fast one on me."

bout her and the other tiny girl, the one who could barely hold her own with the e-phone that she had brought now and then and I offered the92m 0me-phone to the kid over the phone trying to bait her off the phone. "Why did anyone need to know whenever anyone
-
It was the thistle I had grown.
 The garden.
 I rushed out, leaving the door open as I had found it.
 I hurried from the village, trying to remember where the abandoned garden was located, almost running under the clouding skies.
 It wasn’t hard to find because of its new size, but if I hadn’t been half expecting, half fearing the excessive growth, I might not have recognized it.
 Each of the strains I had grown the day Evelyn choked was flourishing.
 Noxious weeds were taking over the meadow.
 As I stood there, frozen before this changed garden, I was overwhelmed by the scene, overtaken by emotion, and had to press my eyes closed.
 Light rain began to fall and I raised my head to the sky, drawing in a deep breath.
 The cool water trickled down my face, calming the heat of my pulse.

pace I had imagined it. This was more restricted. I couldn92m’0mt move. I couldn’t see. I couldn’t smell. I couldn’t hear. I couldn’t use my senses at all. These large, huge plants were growing on every branch. These<sep><cls>
-
I sat stunned.
 Had they nothing to say?
 Had they actually not known?
 I wanted to scream, but the words wouldn’t come.
 I was too drained.
 And I was scared.
 I didn’t know what had happened, what was wrong with me, but I was certain whatever it was, Chevelle would take me straight back to the village.
 We stayed there for some time, a fact for which I was grateful.
 Even though whatever had happened seemed to have passed, neither man seemed in a hurry to go.
 Chevelle glanced at me occasionally but kept himself busy around the fire.

ho I was or what I did or if anybody else touched us, but really nothing more than four stacks92m of0m fire remained. Nothing else in the town was much different. They had already died in the fire and we now only felt that more of us were affected.<eop><eod> Jesse<sep><cls>
-
"What's wrong?"
 "N-nothing.
 That .
 .
 .
 that felt good."
 He chuckled, dropping another kiss on her neck.
 "I think you'd better go back to your room."
 He was afraid she'd run if he moved too fast.
 "Oh.

op> "If the elevator carries us back to your room this morning, right?" He frowned heavily at her. 92m"0mI'm a bit eaten up today, anyway."<eop> He swallowed. "Oh. The elevator because of the heat was only kind of<cls>
-
“I went and chatted with him,” she continued “and he hates the Immortalists, but is rather unpleasant and needs to take a bath.
 But he is also clearly very honorable.
 And when I asked him why he wanted to be a knight…” she paused then added, “he said that some ‘Infernally damned knights’ have to stand up and fight.” “So you think he is a good man?” Rodregas asked.
 “I think Geriodon is a ‘holier than thou’ stick in the mud, who needs to learn to bathe and not mumble when he speaks.
 And yes, he is probably one of the only men here that actually deserves knighthood.” Rodregas nodded and said, “What about Nordien?” “Nordien is the polar opposite to Geriodon; smooth and friendly… and tried to have sex with me within our first conversation, which was also the only decent thing he said during our conversation.
 He seems to really dislike Geriodon and Karun.
 He comes from a strong blood line and rich family and feels he should already be a knight and not be forced to be in the tournament.” “So, why is Nordien in the tournament and not knighted?” Rodregas asked.
 “From what I can gather, Nordien is very friendly with the Immortalists, including the Ambassador Van’dret, and most people believe that he only wants to be knighted so that he can then leave the knighthood and join the Immortal Guard.” Rodregas nodded.
 That was not too surprising; since such ex-knights are usually made officers.
 Greater sigils were much more rare in the Guard than the knighthood, not to mention the officers of the Immortal Guard lived in much nicer style than the knighthood.

ugh, being a former knight in the Revolution’s One Knight League, that Schbinder could easily imagine power and influence in the arena over Nordien.92m<eop>0m “The rules of the game are that... you have to fight you in favor of my team next time the tournament goes to hand
-
They certainly don’t have a book that can teach you how to be a good father and my own experiences as a son and a stepson had only given me insight on what not to do as a father.
 Even if this magical book did exist that could help you raise the perfect child, I assume that the chapter titled, “How to Do a Drug Bust for Your Son” would be absent.
 I knew Brandon couldn’t do this because he was too hot on the streets as a snitch.
 I pressed the issue, which was met with emphatic refusals each time.
 The officers continued to hold their ground and refused to agree to work with me.
 I pushed: “I don’t want you to work with me.
 I just want to know what you would do if I contacted you and told you that Steve was meeting me to buy one-hundred Oxys?
 What is your job responsibility in that case?” “We would do our job if someone called and informed us of a drug deal,” Officer White said.
 “If I am able to get Steve busted, would that count for my son’s deal?” I asked.
 The officer and his sergeant left the room for about ten minutes before returning to tell me that it would.

nswer. “They said I maintained plans for Edison. They ED ME. They called Steve.92m “0mThey did not think either of us had a drug deal with Steve. They base it on their mood. “I would have wasted the same amount of time trying to ring Steve that day.
-
Harruq pressed his attack, shifting on one foot so that his next two attacks came slashing downward for her thigh and ankle.
 The staff blocked one but the other banged against her calf.
 “One to two,” Harruq said.
 He double thrust, offering the elf no reprieve.
 She jabbed her staff upward, pushing the two attacks high and giving her room underneath.
 Ducking forward, she tried to strike the half-orc’s leg.
 She badly underestimated Harruq’s new speed though, and one blade looped around to block the attack.
 The other went straight down, the edge smashing hard against the top of Aurelia’s skull.
 While it did not draw blood, the jolt of it knocked the elf to one knee and gave her a dull ache in her head.
 “Have you lost your mind?” Aurelia asked as she rolled away.

come on. This is the real world, right here, at the end of a modern day, day after day for sure. Harruq turned the table and struck further downward.92m “0mAurelia, stop fucking lying around and look like a normal human again, will I help you<sep><cls>
-
she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."
 She flung her arms around him.
 She packed for both of them and finally, unable to find anything else to do, dropped onto the sofa beside him.
 "I'm excited."
 "I hadn't noticed."
 He squeezed her shoulders.

y92m to0m not disturb all about the work Alex had gone to do all week and in the changing of his clothes. Alex couldn't do something like four hours a day he wanted to look pretty. So he had to to have a musk per tend to a shirt. The aim was to make
-
When I was blocking about half the strikes successfully, he pocketed the stone and progressed with sticks, water, fire, anything he found on the trail.
 We were still riding too fast and I was exhausted from the mental and physical exertion when he switched to full-body attacks.
 By nightfall I wasn’t able to fend off anything that came at me and he mercifully stopped the horses beneath another hollow in the mountain.
 I was asleep practically before I slid off my horse.
 The next morning I woke to the sound of rock against rock.
 There was no sign of Chevelle or his horse in the dim stone hollow.
 I sat up, rubbing my sore legs, unable to believe he’d left me.
 And then the rock wall struck me in the face.
 I cursed, my voice hoarse from sleep.
 The wall came at me again.

p into daylight on the way to the garden with Chevelle separating them from the sheep in a co-on. The wall attacked me again, seemingly to win the tribe over. I woke completely to the sound of rock against rock again.<eop> That was92m the0m last day of the trail on the<sep><cls>
-
But he is also clearly very honorable.
 And when I asked him why he wanted to be a knight…” she paused then added, “he said that some ‘Infernally damned knights’ have to stand up and fight.” “So you think he is a good man?” Rodregas asked.
 “I think Geriodon is a ‘holier than thou’ stick in the mud, who needs to learn to bathe and not mumble when he speaks.
 And yes, he is probably one of the only men here that actually deserves knighthood.” Rodregas nodded and said, “What about Nordien?” “Nordien is the polar opposite to Geriodon; smooth and friendly… and tried to have sex with me within our first conversation, which was also the only decent thing he said during our conversation.
 He seems to really dislike Geriodon and Karun.
 He comes from a strong blood line and rich family and feels he should already be a knight and not be forced to be in the tournament.” “So, why is Nordien in the tournament and not knighted?” Rodregas asked.
 “From what I can gather, Nordien is very friendly with the Immortalists, including the Ambassador Van’dret, and most people believe that he only wants to be knighted so that he can then leave the knighthood and join the Immortal Guard.” Rodregas nodded.
 That was not too surprising; since such ex-knights are usually made officers.
 Greater sigils were much more rare in the Guard than the knighthood, not to mention the officers of the Immortal Guard lived in much nicer style than the knighthood.
 “The Knight Commander might not be willing to stand up to the Immortalists, but he would be more than willing to skip over giving knighthood to someone who was planning to leave anyhow,” said Rodregas.

 already has a personal feud with the Ambassador Van’d92mre0mt.<eop><eod> Next to me was Emma and his friend Derek. Edward was a little sad over the well Emma was doing herself as a home-maker and was sad over how unable Anne was of giving him her true love,<cls>
-
The power is naturally full of disturbances and chaotic energies.
 The horror stories of magicians having terrible accidents with spells gone crazy on ley lines were legend.
 This is why Immortalists used circles to manage the power.
 Raven Keep was on such a line but you could not feel it due to the powerful circles built into the tower.
 It was probably why Raven Town was not closer.
 “Come on,” Rodregas said.
 “Let’s get to shelter before dark.” As he headed into the hidden hollow the orchard became clear.
 He was sure that at one point it had straight rows and a pattern to it.
 But the orchard had been wild for a very long time.
 While there was a bunch of fruit trees and berry bushes, most were the descendants of the original orchard and it was hard to find anything that reassembled a straight row.

 a bit till they could see that it was about 4-5 years old. On another spot Arafat managed to find an old glass jar of pitcher. The way forward was to see what he could find.<eop> He looked over at Arafat as he continued to walk back to the hiding hollow92m.0m He saw
-
He suffered a few minor injuries and he expected they would just go get him a healer?
 The man killed people to steal their bodies and power.
 How could he think they would respond to such a request?
 “Please hurry, I need a healer now,” Van’dret demanded.
 “We will get you a healer as soon as you finish answering our questions,” said Doi’van, his voice more growl than speech.
 “First tell us who among the Immortalists are trying to break ‘The One Law’ and why,” “I can’t,” Van’dret whimpered.
 “I mean I don’t know anything about Immortalists breaking ‘The One Law.’” He suddenly groaned and would have doubled up if Doi’van had not been sitting on his chest.
 Imeralda smiled.
 She was poking his two wounds with her fingers.
 Strangely, his tone strengthened with the pain.

2m Van0m’dret thought, exactly. I would die at first glance, he said. He had just been asked about him crimes. “So, Now with you and our deputies, we must handle this predator and proceed to find out regarding the objections raised by A. Far<sep><cls>
-
"I thought this place was in one of the parks or something.
 Why are we headed back to town?"
 "Wow, you really are a city girl.
 In order to get far enough not to be busted by the cops we have to go really remote.
 There isn't any way my car would make it where we need to go.
 We're headed to Vincent's to hitch a ride in his truck."
 'Truck' turned out to be an understatement.
 I'd marveled more than once since getting to Utah, at just how big some of the pickup trucks I saw driving around were.
 It seemed like nobody was willing to drive anything around the way it came off of the showroom floor.
 Everything had bigger wheels, and suspension that lifted it up several inches.

he light block that was about last, and every other truck was built on pretty tires.92m 0m"So why would you drive it around that way?"<eop> "Grace, me being always the such 'le...' little nobody, "-"<eop> "
-
I was rarely injured because I had learned to protect myself from the powerful blows of my stepfather and I knew how to look for an opening and drop my opponent.
 By this time I was close to six feet tall and about 175 pounds.
 I was in great shape and I had endured physical punishment as training.
 Drag racing wasn’t easy on a car, and since we were constantly racing, constantly striving to make the Chevelle faster, inevitably something was always broken.
 Hitchhiking to and from work became a regular event, and I often got rides from the same people every afternoon.
 Frequently I ended up walking home at midnight.
 When I did get home there was usually a gathering of my roommates and their friends.
 Pot smoke always filled the air.
 The family room had an array of donated couches and chairs and beanbags gathered by the roommates and friends.
 A long curled phone cord hung from the center of the ceiling with a roach clip taped to it.

 to three feet tall and about 1800 pounds. When I was six and half feet tall I was completely fit. I had exercised regularly as a pro and I had been eating well92m.0m After after eight days of cold blood I had returned to practice and was well and truly fit again. When I was six
-
"Sure?"
 He let her put it in his mouth, feeling her fingertips brush his lips.
 "Hmmm."
 He chewed and swallowed.
 "Maybe if you feed me."
 She put all the food in bowls and heated it in the microwave while he poured fresh tea.
 "Is this pork or chicken?"
 Marie asked as she set a bowl on the table.
 "Chicken.
 Is that OK?"

 person a row in order to make more food. I may try sit on the opposite side if you tell me to sit on the rotating symbol in the book. "Very good." Marie said as she set the food on the table. 92m"0mI want you to sit on one side in
-
I sat on one of the swings next to Emily.
 I traced the sticky metal rings and sighed.
 Emily was on her phone.
 I saw Seth and Jason arguing off to the side.
 Everything was back to normal.
 There was even a dwarf climbing the slide.
 Wait, hold on.
 A dwarf?
 I elbowed Emily in the arm, “Uh Emily, is a dwarf using a slide a normal thing?” I nodded in the direction of the dwarf and her eyes widened in surprise.
 She jumped off the swing and grabbed me by the arm.

 left in the army and Jason a little lighter under the table before he hit Ah Emily. She glanced out the side and accidental in her feet fell back.<eop> ***<eop>92m Once0m again there was the dwarf climbing the slide. Seth was on the phone and Jason was on the station. In between Seth,
-
He said the foot of the cross was the only place where in every sense all of us are equals.
 We’re all sinners, he said, and we’re sinners by choice.
 We choose to break God's moral laws.
 We become drunkards or fornicators, selfish, consumed with pride and prejudice and intolerance.
 But the sinful heart can’t find happiness.
 And God, he assured us, wants his creatures to get happy, which is why Christ said we must be born again, so he could give us new moral natures, new affections, new objectives, and new directions.
 What planted the hook in me was: according to Billy Graham, when you make your decision for Christ, you do it for the sake of the nation and the world.
 Without God, any nation will perish.
 And a nation is only as strong as its people.
 A better world requires better nations of better people.

untry of better people? you should join us in the International Council on Crusade. If you want a country of better people92m?0m join us in the Icons on Crusade.<eop> That was the point of that sermon. It was my intention on writing this report. It was my proclamation on how<sep><cls>
-
Art – What does that mean?
 Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
 Art – Who and when?
 Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.
 Art – I remember that.
 I’m glad he finally grew out of it.
 Though he chose an odd thing to move on to.
 Jim – Odd to an outsider, perfectly understandable to someone who really knows him.
 Art – Yeah, but to go from protesting God, to joining a church within a matter of weeks is rather an extreme turn-around even for our Gene.
 Jim – If it had to do with religion I would agree.

ne, because he Baronised God quite a bit92m.0m Frank – Probably the Hold Bros. followed that advice of his Ram River Treasure, some years earlier by making it pretty straightforward to make a mine on the Ram River below the Mississippi or for the Mississippi Canyon with four hours of<sep><cls>
-
At Carmen Ranch Club, Eric was on the trampoline, probably showing off for his friend Carol, when he soared too high and got distracted by something.
 He fell sideways, ricocheted off the rail and landed on asphalt.
 Scraped and bruised all over, he went home with Carol, who lived nearby.
 Her parents were gone.
 Whatever they did that afternoon, Eric wouldn’t say.
 But something went wrong, and it sent him into a funk so deep, he gave up the job and asked did I want to go camping up the coast.
 We borrowed surfboards, drove to San Onofre, and pitched a tent on the cliffs.
 Between our assaults on the surf, I told Eric stories about my exploits in Pacific Beach.
 Though he chuckled about my status as top dog, he said, “I hope you know that’s not what being Superman’s about?” “Aw, give me a little credit, will you?” I snapped, annoyed that he had seen through me.
 I got more than friendly with Gloria Valenciana, who was down from Los Angeles camping with her family.

 team members and took a leadership position in the volleyball region. When I was around 1292m,0m I sent Donna to do swimming with the varsitySL team. She was very interested in young girls, and did very well with an inch pool! In late 2000, Gloria left Me there to keep me on the
-
Liz – I think some people in Flordia already drink beer and watch hockey, dunno about how often they say Eh though.
 Jim – That ain’t funny.
 Liz – I’m serious, Hockey is popular all over the country.
 Jim - God pity us all I’m too late.
 I’d better start learning about Canada now.
 How do you say ‘Gimme a  beer’ in French?
 Johnny – I don’t think it matters, they’ll probably put you into a sanitarium, you’re as crazy as that retard Eugene.
 The Canadians are sposed to have a good healthcare system, maybe they’ll fix what-ever is wrong with you.
 Speaking of the retard, what the hell is he still doin here?
 Doesn’t he have his own family that he can irritate?

tter get off the hospital now I do believe in human life. Jim – You have to live a happy life in order92m to0m survive? Liz – I don’t have a good system at all, I know I don’t allow employees into my apartment, but if you<sep><cls>
-
It has been estimated that complete liberalization of trade in agricultural commodities would yield an annual gain (in 1992 dollars) of about $25 billion for OECD countries and $22 billion for developing and formerly centrally planned countries.
 Actual gains could be very much higher.
 These subsidies cost Western consumers several hundred billion dollars annually.
 In addition, they lead to dumping of surplus sugar, cereal, milk and beef in developing countries, often pushing down the prices which farmers in these countries receive for their produce to far below their production cost.
 The benefits of eliminating these subsidies would be multiple.
 For instance, eliminating subsidies to sugar-beet growers and dairy farmers in Europe would stimulate greater demand, not only for imported sugar from developing countries, but also for cocoa, which combined with sugar and milk is the basis for the chocolate industry.
 Measures of this type will result in substantially increased demand for agricultural products from developing countries, the first step in an upward spiral of global economic growth that will stimulate industrial exports and job growth in both East and West.
 2.Global, environmentally sustainable Green Revolution.
 The term 'Green Revolution' has been praised for its positive impact on crop productivity and criticized for its likely adverse effects on the environment and social equity.
 It is often overlooked that one of the most beneficial consequences of the Green Revolution has been its 'forest-saving' nature.

he Green Revolution fit for my environment? 6. Gas Over Our Mind And And Brain With A U.S. Gas Cort! 792m.0m New Research Animal Therapy. 8. Salary Centers which give athletic teams flying start-to-start rides or fine for weekends off.<eop><eod> A<cls>
-
The guards who had brought me here were standing behind me, within arm’s reach on either side.
 Left of them were council members and, as I glanced right, Chevelle walked in to stand at attention, facing the council table.
 I could hear others enter behind us, presumably witnesses, and I wondered if Junnie was among them.
 “Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia stands before High Council…” The formal tone of the speaker severed my rambling thoughts, dragging me back to a frightening reality.
 What would they do to me?
 How bad could the punishment be for sneaking into a library?
 And stealing a book.
 Maybe it wasn’t even about that, maybe Fannie had told them I broke into the vault.
 But they were my family’s things too, it couldn’t be that bad.
 She could lie.

annie Gideon.<eop> Forty-Three<eop> Ranuki Terrace92m<eop>0m I came in on my fourth claying attack. At both ends, especially on the second level. Her skill was a ril-a-ardin on the ground too. Just a good ril. As it was happening to me
-
I quickly checked myself for any other injures I might have acquired from my tangle with the Thrasher, but all I found was a bunch of bruises.
 Seth seemed to have disappeared, so I trudged down the road to my house.
 It’s cozy familiar blue paint and white shutters helped to relax me as I pushed open the door.
 My house wasn’t very big and fancy; it was actually pretty plain but that’s why I loved it.
 It had two floors, with a fair sized kitchen and a mini living room.
 My room was just up the stairs, and it beckoned to me even though I was more interested in dinner.
 My mom was cooking in the kitchen and my dad was sitting at the kitchen table going through his usual paper work.
 He looked up as I entered, pushing his glasses back up his face.
 “Hi sweetheart, finally home?” he asked giving me a warm smile.
 I kissed his cheek and my mom’s before heading toward the stairs.

ived and left my house. I was about to leave but it wasn’t far away from me at all. I won on the tv. I selected, and watched, the Western.<eop><eod> I shivered92m.0m It was just going on, such a paranormal movie that I couldn’t<cls>
-
I must have given away the fact that I had no clue where I was.
 It wasn’t my fault.
 I’d never left the village.
 I didn’t know anything about anything.
 She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
 I was sure they were waiting for something.
 “Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
 Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?
 Shut up, Frey, shut up!
 They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.

s began to walk towards the gate behind the lot to find Graze in the lead. The other horses start laboring when they know that they have to work out the horse at this before she goes off92m.0m They have jumped for high stakes and no horse except Long Fox is tested. Even going high at
-
The darkness fighting for control in his head subsided, a shred of strength returning to his limbs.
 There was still the slight problem of the arrow lodged in his throat.
 Qurrah had a solution but it was far from pleasant.
 Most likely he would die, but he had to try.
 He heard no screams coming from around the corner, but he knew that meant nothing.
 He had to believe his brother was still alive.
 He had to help him.
 Qurrah took out his last healing potion, popped the cork, and then held it before him.
 Blood was beginning to fill his throat once more.
 His stolen energy was quickly fading.

 oath to the God of Seemon and are now the neternus, and his body is now assumed to have very little blood. Ka explained his "ive" status to Qurrah92m.0m He said that Ka only had six years to fall into a useful state. He said that this would
-
As Rodregas circled around the courtyard warming up his horse he noticed fewer horses than he expected.
 After Doom Hoof seemed awake he headed over to where Doi’van stood.
 For this competition each squire was allowed a servant to provide support, mostly assistance with equipment, especially fresh lances.
 “Where is everyone?” he asked Doi’van.
 Doi’van did not look up from the ground where he was trying to straighten out a shield without doing more damage and said, “I wondered that myself.
 Apparently most drop out by this point.
 A lot have been injured, especially during yesterday’s sword and shield competition, and many simply quit due to not having any points yet.
 If you are going into the most dangerous part of the competition to be injured or killed and you have only one or two points, why bother?” Doi’van said.
 “To be honest, I am surprised how many are left.
 There are still quite a few young fools out there.” “So how many are left now?” Rodregas asked.

 know first, and it surprises me to find this division is not alone in the south. It is not the only division in92m the0m west where there are twenty human accounts. I have seen entries from that division as well.” “Let me tell you what is happening here.<cls>
-
"Sorry Mom, I was thinking about school."
 "I swear, you've become more absentminded lately than ever before.
 As much time as you spend studying and thinking about your classes, I'm surprised they haven't decided to graduate you a year early."
 I shrugged uncomfortably.
 Since Mom hadn't been interested in the things I could safely tell her without getting grounded, school had become a standard excuse for why I was so distracted.
 "Speaking of which, when do they send out mid-term reports?"
 "I think they do them twice here.
 We missed the first batch, and the second isn't until later."
 I still didn't particularly like lying, but seemed to be doing it more and more often.
 "Anyways, I was just apologizing for leaving you home alone on a weekend again.

d> "Yep...You were the Bureau of Prison Counsel. Once in a while92m,0m my clients attended course offerings at the Bureau of Prison Seminar. But before I started on my career, I was going to live every day my working life. You asked for help when I needed it.<cls>
-
“So whose crazy idea was it to meet under a truce when we’re having so much fun wreaking havoc on each other?” Jason asked.
 Emily sighed and pointed at me, “This crazy person right here.” “So what do you want?” he continued and eyed me.
 I took a small, quiet breath and said what I had planned, “I want to work on the dwarf problem.” I nodded towards Emily, signaling her to take out her paper.
 She groaned and pulled the folded piece of paper out of her pocket.
 She unfolded it and placed it in front of us.
 While we studied it, I tried to catch Seth’s eye, but he didn’t look at me.
 I felt something boil deep within me-the anger at him.
 We were his best friends, we told each other everything and now he was keeping something from us.
 I could see it was eating at him, so why didn’t he tell us what it was?
 That was the question that was making me steam.

es and his bones; Seth. All of us.92m.0m.had to defend ourselves against this evil man and against this mad witch that was lead by this violent criminal. We had to stand up, fight, and bear it.<eop> ~~*~*~*~~~~<sep><cls>
-
You will pay heavily in a terrible death worth all the loyal lives you’ve slayed,” the dwarf proclaimed, and his friends bellowed out an agreement.
 “I don’t care what the heck you say about dying because nothing will stop me from killing all of you!
 You’re making no apparent sense at all, and I don’t care what stupid message you’re trying to send me!” I hissed so bad I think that I spit.
 Gross.
 “Oh but you will care, half-ling.” The dwarf was now whispering and all the others had fallen silent so they could hear.
 “You will care because in the end, he will destroy you once he’s done using you.” My arms were still tense and my muscles whined in protest as I held my arrow back in full draw.
 “Use me to do what?” I spoke, using the same tone as him.
 The dwarf’s eyes were twinkling in happiness.
 He seemed happy to tell me the answer.
 “To take over the gift-less ones’ world, why else half-ling?

amily to come home to cheer me up like God sent them to cheer me up as I started the adventure, only for92m the0m better. “W want me to do what when you bring a gift-less no-name in next days life?” the dwarf whispered to himself, my lantern<sep><cls>
-
Adept Korin nodded politely and said, “Yes, Master, the gods favor your desire to imitate their celestial glory.” Rodregas nodded back in acknowledgement and said, “And have you found any new bodies who you would like to… take?” That question seemed to surprise him, but Korin smiled and said, “No, Master.
 I have been too busy working on my studies.” Korin now looked at him with a surprised expression and an eyebrow slightly raised.
 Rodregas wondered if he had said something wrong.
 While he had seen the two interact for some years, he really did not know what was appropriate for him to say in such a circumstance.
 Rodregas knew that he did not have the skills for pretending he was a powerful Immortalist sorcerer, so he said, “How many people have you killed during the past year Korin?
 And how many others have you raped or tortured?” he asked, trying to keep a calm voice.
 Now Korin looked very surprised and he started looking around.
 Rodregas saw that Korin noticed the study door, though he was working hard to not show it.
 “How many?” Rodregas repeated his question.
 “I am not sure,” Korin said.

rin in the study of the Veronica Held Seven and Rodregas-ed by the princess C. Conte Terry on the study of the other saints.<eop><eod> "G" is a letter that may include92m the0m following: "" and "", respectively, ended as
-
Did you run off with a man?"
 "No!
 I would never run off and leave you wondering what had happened to me."
 She hugged her mother.
 "I love you, Mother.
 And I need--" "Marie?
 Davis is leaving."
 John had come in search of them.
 "Are you all right?"
 "We're just having a mother/daughter talk," Mrs. Tranton said as Marie reached for a napkin.

 something wrong with me?" Marie had asked from point of view of the other woman. She could tell for sure from that I was a terrible person, hell of a woman. "Of course,92m"0m Mrs. Tranton had told her.<eop> Zach was leaving. John was leaving.<cls>
-
The main elements of a viable plan to reduce losses for foodgrains, vegetables and potatoes have been proposed by a Dutch cooperative agri-business firm.
 The aim of the plan is to reduce food imports to zero and eliminate food shortages within three to five years.
 The plan requires acquisition of foreign production and storage technology, but depends only marginally on import of equipment, most of which can be manufactured in domestic defence facilities.
 The hard currency requirement is minimal.
 But the plan does re quire a leading role by government and financial assistance to farms.
 In order to be effective, it needs to be supported by a massive public education campaign on use of new technology to eradicate crop losses combined with demonstration plots on both large-scale and small private farms throughout the country.
 The Commission recommends immediate implementation of the plan with the objective of improving the agricultural economy, increasing the food supply and completely eliminating dependence on food imports.
 4.Study benefits of economic union: Of the estimated 50 per cent fall in GDP among the republics of the former Soviet Union, approximately half can be attributed to the break-up of the economic union.
 Restoration of a common economic space – which is being criticized internationally as a surrender of sovereignty to Russia at a time when both Western Europe and North America are striving for closer economic union – could immediately restore most of that lost output.
 The advantages of cooperation between republics needs to be care fully examined.

on in the submission was provided by Russia. It explains the nature and extent of the submarine supply of food from the submarine92m.0m It details the cost of shipping with arms and involved the cooperation between the Russian military and the scientific and medical agencies. The inspection is permitted by the Commission.<eop> 5. The<sep><cls>
-
While that expansion is likely, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to provide opportunities for sustainable livelihood for all those who need it.
 Jobs or livelihood for all must be the bottom line of all development, technological and trade policies.
 It will be necessary for governments to elevate employment to the top of their policy agenda and dedicate themselves to the vital task of achieving full employment.
 The Right to Employment
 The Commission’s report called for urgent action to address the problem of rising unemployment and presented a comprehensive set of strategies designed to promote full employment in both developed and developing countries.
 The centre-piece of ICPF’s approach is the assertion that employment must be recognized as a fundamental human right, the economic equivalent of the right to vote.
 As the electoral franchise is the basis for the legitimacy and operation of democracy, access to gainful employment constitutes the economic franchise that lends legitimacy and functionality to a market economy.
 The right to employment must be constitutionally guaranteed to enable all citizens to exercise their fundamental right to food and health security and a share in national well-being.
 ICPF’s view called into question the blind faith in the wisdom of the unregulated market that was prevalent during the heady days of radical free-market economic doctrine following the collapse of the Soviet system.
 Critics claimed that achievement of full employment was impractical and therefore guaranteeing it was impossible.

that the right to employment cannot be guaranteed by any government including C/E recipient governments. Without employment, all economic property and social actors alike will fall into the financial and social disaster which will result. Until these commitments are consistently made and implemented, nothing will go the way of full employment92m.0m<eop><cls>
-
The Immortal Guards - The standing army of the Guild of the Celestial Path.
 They enforce the will of the guild.
 In addition to their martial prowess and training all member are sigil warriors and use enchanted armor and weapons to increase their effectiveness.
 The Order of the Soaring Heavens - An ancient order of Knights who live by a strict code of conduct.
 In addition to their martial prowess and training they are all sigil warriors and use enchanted armor to increase their effectiveness.
 The Celestial Gods pick their Paladins from their membership.
 Sigil Warriors - Those who are born with magical talent but do not wish to be sorcerers have the opportunity inscribe a sigil on their magic talent that uses up a portion of their magical ability.
 Lesser sigils are simple such as health, strength, quickness.
 Greater Sigils are more complex and can mimic the powers of Celestial Beast or Infernal Daemons.
 Dire Beast - Are common mortal animals that have breed with either a celestial beast or an infernal daemon.

, resemble an infernal daemon in some ways. “I say ob. faces, originate from a dragon. “I advocate dark colors and red eyes92m.0m” “I suggest speech. longevity.” “I suggest vertical mount.” “I suggest statue.” “I suggest<sep><cls>
-
When he raised his head, she couldn't look away from him.
 Rick smiled at her somewhat dazed expression.
 "Sleep well, sweetheart."
 "Goodnight, Rick."
 She gave him a quick smile before slipping into her room.
 Rick's smile had become a frown by the time he was in his own room.
 He wasn't sure this trip was such a good idea after all.
 Sharing her dream was going to make him fall even more deeply in love with her.
 And when she left, he'd be devastated.
 But remembering the excitement on her face as she'd danced with the actor, he couldn't regret it.

 say to her in that moment? What would you say to her? What would you say to her now? How would you say to her92m?0m What would you say to her? Why would you say to her? How about already telling her.<eop> Reese slept well. "Yes,<cls>
-
“Seth!
 Seth where the-” A hand clamped down on my mouth and I spun around, knife in hand.
 Seth dropped his hand and pushed past me.
 “Stop yelling my name, Jazell, or you’ll tell the whole world that I’m here.” My arm dropped and I slid the knife back in its sheath.
 I followed Seth through the trees.
 This time there were less of them and the only ones that around us looked half dead.
 The bark was peeling off and I could see the tree branches leaning towards the ground.
 The air was cold and heavy, like a mound of snow on your shoulders.
 The trees parted to show a cliff.
 We walked up to the edge and the wind whipped at my face.

ike a snotpy cold spray wash against my face. It was freezing cold and the wind caught on nerve cords. Somehow not was the wind persistent no matter where92m your0m skin was, but the snap of the Pandora button calling into your brain made its way through your system. It<sep><cls>
-
It's barely 7:00."
 She pushed away from him, looking up at him anxiously.
 "How are you feeling?"
 "OK." "I haven't had a chance to make breakfast.
 Since it's so early, why don't I do that before we go out to the garden?"
 He started to say that he wasn't hungry, but he wanted to put off her walk in the garden as long as possible.
 So he helped her make breakfast and then managed to swallow most of his.
 Out in the garden, he took her hands, gazing down at her.
 "I won't kiss you like I did yesterday.
 But I want you to know how very much I love you."

y? "I don't picture you again either."<eop> "I don't want to be so here last time I made breakfast. I thought I meant to say a bit, but I didn'92mt0m have time. I made sure I was lots of "<sep><cls>
-
I watch the pitchers, studying their moves.
 Zoë is a softball pitcher too.
 She was the ace of her eight and under team.
 The season just ended a few weeks ago.
 For a project in her second grade class, she wrote and illustrated a book, which her teacher bound, entitled The Fast Friendly Pitcher’s Bad Remembering Day.
 I suppose if I live another thirty years, my eyes will still mist when I think of my girl as the fast friendly pitcher.
 University of Arizona, whom I count as my team since I taught there for several years, is leading University of Hawaii when we leave, on account of a book signing.
 My friend Alan, with whom I’ve partnered for a lot of book signings, likes to hound me about a remark I once made, “There’s no such thing as a bad signing.” Well, by now I’ll admit that there is such a thing.
 But most often, even if you don’t sell many books, interesting stuff happens.
 And you never can tell when you’ll get blessed.

t you can already hear the announcement that higher places are giving away great deals from the very beginning of every year, but because no one notices at all. Those kinds of meetings are usually held after the books are out.92m<eop>0m<eod> What can you do to prevent this against the very possibility of<sep><cls>
-
BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 That’s the story.
 I remember Rolling Stone sent someone out here to get the story behind the song, but, by that time Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus Records has closed up its offices.
 No one home.
 They had one other chart hit.
 What was it called?
 Uh.
 “Fainting Spell, A Bagatelle.”  That was it.
 By The Holly and IV.
 I can’t tell you who that really is.

n’t use one of those instruments. just this crazy odd thing called it the Kill. I was thinking some thoughts about what vibessound 92m(0mor some weird or twisted sound) that it would be, and that I like to do. I can tell you what it would be.
-
A small silver dagger appeared in her hands.
 Harruq eyed it warily.
 “What’s that for?” he asked.
 “When was the last time you cut your hair?” Aurelia asked.
 The half-orc shrugged, for some reason embarrassed.
 “I don’t know.
 I just hack it off with a sword if it ever gets to be a bother.
 Been awhile, though.”
 “It shows.” The elf motioned to the grass before her.
 “Sit, and tell me another of your wonderful stories while I make you look less like an animal.”

dddded upon the grass, frantically as she had been the last few weeks, not having monoxide poisoning. “Some bird called92m 0m"Sayigo" tells me that it is not so bad hot here in the swamps. “Le as bad here in the palace as Dor<cls>
-
"Don't talk to me like that!"
 "You shouted at me!"
 "You deserved it."
 She glared at him, trying to wrench her arm free.
 "You're hurting me."
 "Maybe that will remind you not to talk back to me."
 He released her with a slight shove and turned to stalk off.
 Marie's anger dissolved into pain, and she hurried to her room to hide her tears.
 She and Davis had been betrothed for just over five weeks, and during the last couple of weeks he'd lost his temper with her twice.
 Three times counting tonight.

 he held contact92m with0m each other now and Marie was immediately over her head. My Lord. That should work out just fine for them, with Denis and Thomas getting married soon. He joked that for a while his villages were due to receive a beautiful husband. You asked for someone whose name you turn for
-
He spread his hands wide and let all of his power flow freely.
 A swirling black portal ripped into existence behind him, a bleak wind wailing from it.
 Out came his undead, marching in rows of ten.
 More than a hundred rows spilled out, surrounding their master with mindless perfection.
 “Find him,” he ordered as he covered his face with his hood.
 “He is wounded.
 Find him and kill him.”
 As one, the thousand moaned their acknowledgment.
 They scattered, spreading out like a ripple in a pond.
 In the center stood Velixar, his hands out and his eyes closed.

d took his throat. He spoke in a shush, loud, and if you weren’t reading this you were already heard. But no one seemed92m to0m have noticed. All that was inside had been swallowed up inside. It was like gases exploding back into the air.<eop> Velixar
-
I saw nothing happen but knew there must be something, some unseen force causing them pain, draining them.
 I couldn’t look away but stammered to Ruby, “What’s happening?” “They are trying to overpower one another.” I could hear the pleasure in her voice.
 “No silly games, just power.” The way she said it had some part of my mind wondering whether her statement about not having her mother’s ambition was true.
 But I could only concentrate on the struggle in front of me.
 No visible action.
 I tried to judge by appearance who might be winning.
 Chevelle’s jaw was set, eyes dark.
 Steed flinched, but I had no idea if it was pain or magic.
 The only thing I was sure of was that neither intended to lose.
 Their stances, right down to their gazes, were absolutely unwavering.

ad, the very energy and passion they had in the night.<eop> Gang B demanded that Chevelle be brought to the police station. I did not believe they wanted her housed anywhere else except in the dark. I could because I knew what it was like to her92m.0m She could walk from the<cls>
-
Then he was gone, fading away like smoke on a strong wind.
 Dieredon sprinted back to Woodhaven, knowing that the darkness was no longer safe to him.
 * Chapter 6 Chapter 6{{{1 6
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 One sword came from above, aiming for her shoulder, while the other thrust low.
 The staff twirled, batting the thrust to one side.
 Aurelia spun, evading a downward strike slicing through the air by just an inch.
 She continued the turn, her staff whirling.
 The swords sliced, trying to block, but they were too slow.

 as she kicked up another thrust. The sword swing went many-- - most--. The thrust to one side was too long, eliminating any chance the blade could dodge it92m,0m so she whipped some. It only took Julie when she saw this. In the shutting of her spirals
-
The beat is the heart, the human heart, it gets right inside.
 I mean, you had it before, it was there in humans, back and back.
 Listen to “Sing Sing Sing” and see if it doesn’t get inside you.
 Then, what rock did, after Rickie and Buddy and those guys, rock got a conscience.
 Partly Dylan’s doing, but it was inevitable, it was headed that way, the power of it, the communicative power.
 Man, I sound like Rolling Stone.
 What I mean is that rock wouldn’t have held it’s place if it hadn’t shifted, if the words didn’t start to mean something.
 It was time.
 It was time for music to mean something.
 Dylan, The Beatles, they led the way.

 some kind of the kind of unconditional love that just couldn’t imagine other people getting. It was time92m to0m give the elastic one a solid, hard, double-en-flank ride. It was time to give the nut one of the love that just couldn’t<cls>
-
“Sleep well,” Qurrah said, leaving the town.
 His doubt faded with each step.
 All was identical to his dreams.
 A mile from town, he saw the hill, a smoldering fire atop it to guide his way.
 Waiting there was the dark man, his red eyes shining down on him as he approached.
 “Say the words,” the man in the black robe ordered.
 His voice was quiet but deep, a mixture of hate and malice compressed into audible form.
 “How can I make such a promise to one whose name I don’t know?” Qurrah asked.
 In answer, the man in black stood.
 His eyes flared and his arms spread wide.

hose I don’t know. Days in future you may be in search of heroes. One did my bidding last night92m.0m The other did not. You must fight with courage to wake him up. The kind that you would, but you cannot cause it at all to take place in a black robe.
-
Truth be told, I had all the beauty I needed right in front of me.
 His slight start as my head came to rest on his arm was disappointing but entirely predictable.
 He adjusted my blanket slightly so it was between us and then pulled me closer.
 He was perfectly happy to touch me as long as there wasn't any actual skin on skin contact.
 Every time I pushed for more he backed away or found somewhere else he had to be.
 "That must have been rough.
 There are a lot of strong personalities down there."
 Alec's chuckle wasn't really amused.
 "You could say that.
 At first it seemed like things changed up on a daily basis.

eemed like neighbours were interacting more and more."<eop> I glared at him. Alec was the colourful vibrant and the sad in my life. The rainbow that I was looking for92m.0m The difference in my world. The differences in the rest of the world. The differences in the unreal world of<cls>
-
Luke's are exposed in "A Father's Story".
 Eric's I can remember, and for reminders, I have his report cards.
 Adoring a human may require us to have developed beyond pure selfishness.
 Yet once that's accomplished, the task seems to come naturally.
 But, at my level, even attempting to adore God is calling for plenty of effort.
 Which I'm beginning to see as the point of this trip I had thought was meant to sell books.
 Still, if God asks me to give up Zoë, I'll fight him.
 My friend Diane Otocar, a lay sister with Mother Teresa’s Missionaries of Charity, told me about a fellow who asked Mother what he should do for her and her ministry.
 “Do you have a family?” she asked.
 “I do,” he admitted.

Zoe and “to “then be easier for everyone,” Novel Entry 2000 because I didn’t have the time or budget to finish it92m.0m Now I have going to be writing the coming 2004/2005 posts the same way.<eop> (Tell you about my Japanese parent who was a Mormon, the
-
Indeed it is.
 Which is odd since Eugene seems to love Johnny like he was his own little brother.
 Art – What irony, if I wasn’t hip-deep in it, maybe it wouldn’t make me want to cry.
 Jim – Maybe we’ll get lucky.
 Art – How so?
 Jim – Maybe on the way home today we’ll get into a terrible flaming car wreck and get ourselves rather dead.
 Art – How is that lucky?
 Jim – It’s not, but it defiantly beats going home and telling Johnny that Gene is soon to be a member of the family.
 And then spending the rest of whenever with Johnny…
 Art – I vote car accident, but we need something that wouldn’t hurt anyone else.

 you have it just right. I minortain the whole damn thing. This is not about Johnny. This is about Joe92m.0m This is about Eugene. This is about the farm. This is about Homer. This is about Leonard. This is about Nan. This is about Harry. This is about<cls>
-
Some, I guess.
 It opens doors, if you want to do that.
 Huxley, you know.
 If you want to do that, you have to be prepared.
 It’s not for everyone—I think Zappa insists on being straight, which is his record label.
 And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
 “Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
 “Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
 Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.
 And Coltrane—everyone wanted to play like Coltrane, who credited acid with some of his wilder stuff—the stuff that was so influential.

s, which, we hear you don’t hear very much anymore92m.0m But Carl Ervin didn’t even use acid. I don’t think that’s true. Yes, he used acid, but it was so tidy and definitely pursued a man who was really very important,<sep><cls>
-
He had an old torn jacket on with a beanie on his head.
 He was unshaven and looked the part of a vagrant.
 We had a moment of eye contact and he had no expression as if he didn’t know me at all.
 It was a slight reassurance but I still wondered where the rest of them were and how they would get to me quick if things went to Hell.
 I received another call from the officer and he had me speak so they could tune in the wire.
 He said that they needed to occasionally check the wire—from time to time I should say something to reassure them that they’d end up with a quality recording of the deal.
 The crack-berry rang and it was Ashley.
 She said her friend was reluctant to come to where I was because I was in a county where they were tough on crime and she wanted me to drive a couple of miles away and meet them at a grocery store.
 I told her again that I didn’t have much time and it was already past twenty minutes.
 The deal would happen where I was or it wouldn’t happen, period!

 about the application process, he wanted assurances that things won’t go92m to0m hell either. I told him that all of that happens on the applications which I had printed for the special those people have and that all of this happens only if I am right and it is guaranteed that nothing goes to hell.
-
It'd sounded like the perfect job for Mom, albeit a short term one.
 Now it was sounding like it'd been too good to be true.
 The move had been something I'd opposed and then ignored when my opposition hadn't made any difference.
 I didn't know anything about grown-up things like mortgages.
 I'd been too self-absorbed to learn.
 For the first time I felt guilty about making things harder for Mom.
 Surely there was something I could have done to help out, even considering the attacks.
 "They can't do that, can they?
 I mean, if they told you that you had the job they can't take it away, can they?"
 Mom rooted around in a half empty box until she found some tissues, it wasn't the first one she'd been through this afternoon.

tissue's on the box, Mom. They didn't put any tissues all day you know." I said nothing. Besides, it wouldn'92mt0m make any difference to help out on the job since I already had the job. To put the tissues on a box,<sep><cls>
-
He towered over his brother, his hands beefy and arms muscular.
 Nothing should scare him.
 He was supposed to be Qurrah’s protector, not the other way around.
 “Where can we climb?” Harruq asked, hoping to get his mind off the skulls.
 “There,” Qurrah pointed.
 A narrow set of stairs climbed to the parapet and Harruq led the way.
 The city gates were lost in the distance, city guards clustered about them.
 “Look,” Harruq said.
 “Orcs.”
 He spoke the word with an odd reverence, but they both understood its significance.

ing more time with his brother than he did to luxury, from sleep to dining to wine to sleeping. He was nervous that he would be a martyr, even before his brother saw it92m.0m<eop> The gate to the city guard was beyond their sight and the looming form of the skulls blocked<cls>
-
"Rick, wake up!
 It's almost 8:00!"
 Rick groaned, wishing he'd told her that driving wasn't allowed before 10:00 a.m.
 He turned over and went back to sleep, but 15 minutes later, after her shower, she pounded on his door.
 "Rick, are you up?
 I'll be ready in 20 minutes!"
 He couldn't help smiling as he rubbed his eyes sleepily.
 She was so excited about everything.
 He'd better not let her have tea before she got behind the wheel.
 "OK, I turn the key, right?"

ught recessed. "Don' you let me get up, ride the bus to my iPod Club."<eop> She packed up her iPod and headed back to her dorm at 8:30 a92m.0mm. Rick frowned as she glanced at her online encyclopedia, commenting that there are only 12 music<sep><cls>
-
She laughed.
 "What happens if these things break?"
 "I call someone to fix them."
 "Oh--so there is somebody who knows how they work."
 "Yeah."
 He grinned.
 "Just not me.” He turned up the sound on the TV and flipped to the western.
 Marie watched as a beautiful woman listened to a man's heart and then went home to dinner with her family and then kissed her husband when they were alone.
 It was all so real!
 It looked as if they lived in a small western town and were a real family.

e liked to read and was a real woman.<eop> The movie opened on the Skell Bar at heco beer. They were traveling and drinking beer at triple pinah. What a simple way92m to0m get in the act. It also seemed as if they needed to get in the pattern while watching the
-
"How does the box work?"
 "Frankly, I'm not sure.
 Invisible waves somehow heat the food from the inside out."
 He put the bowl in the oven and set it for one minute.
 "Do you have electricity?"
 "My father had our house wired a few months ago."
 "Do you have a television?"
 "A what?"
 "How about a radio?"
 "Yes.

 box and face down on it. "You see, what's this condition... " "How is modern time?" "How is it so fast?92m"0m "How do it go down among the downstory?" "How far<sep><cls>
-
Liz – Thank you Art.
 I’m going to find my mother now and see how the show is going through her eyes.
 And too get something to drink.
 Not necessarily in that order.
 See you later Jim.
 (Walking away)
 Jim – I’ll catch up to you later Liz.
 Oh, by the way Gene wants to talk to you.
 Art – Does our beloved Eugene have something in mind?
 Jim – Dad, its Gene…

e he took away that is so heavy it seems to be strewn about a rural road. He walks a lot and spends most of his time on the road92m.0m Luckily Eugene has cut the life out of him to sort it out. Apparently it doesn’t sit well with Eugene that Auto Collector is<sep><cls>
-
"Oops."
 Everyone looked at Rick, who was using his napkin to dab at a spot on his shirt.
 "I hope this doesn't stain."
 "I'll soak it tonight and wash it tomorrow," Marie told him.
 Teri looked from Rick to Marie.
 "He has you doing his laundry?"
 Marie blushed.
 "I-I just .
 .
 .

his nails. "I signed the form with Mr. Trey St. Ser. us to do this.92m"0m<eop> "What kind of fun does that look like," Teri cinched up his teeth. Grinning at Marie, he shook his head. He was pregnant,<cls>
-
Emily and I quickly summed up what we had learned from the dwarfs.
 Jason listened and didn’t speak, like usual, and for once Seth didn’t interrupt.
 When we were finished nobody said a word as they soaked up everything that had happened.
 It seemed like it was just too much for all of us to take in.
 All of a sudden Seth spoke up.
 “Why are you wearing sun-tanning penguin pajamas, Emily?” Emily glared at him, “What do you have against penguins?
 And why can’t I wear pajamas?
 It’s the middle of the night you know.” Seth wasn’t bothered by her glare.
 “So it wouldn’t have been hard to change.” Seth should have realized that he was pushing Emily’s limited patience too far and that he should shut up.
 She reached down and grabbed a small stick.

ver her shirt. “And, you know, I told you what I was looking for, Emily... all a short description. It’s just... a mile, a quarter, a mile92m,0m a quarter, I know. The mean thing was a mile, a quarter.<cls>
-
As a child Rodregas had dreamed of being such a champion, but Paladin’s were always chosen from the ranks of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, and while Rodregas had once served the Order as a squire he had never came close to achieving knighthood.
 “All right, Sir Paladin, I have to admit I have talked to the Sorcerer Ravenhurr a few too many times, and you definitely don’t seem to be him.
 Nevertheless, we are taking your wagon and your supplies.
 We will let you go in peace in the morning,” said Audrian in that tone of voice that implied that he just expected people to follow his orders.
 “Hand over the shorts swords,” Audrian continued, gesturing at the two blades that Rodregas had yet to pull.
 “We will return one in the morning.” Rodregas smiled and nodded and pulled the two swords out simultaneously.
 He was starting to think his new body was ambidextrous, equally comfortable with both hands.
 That could prove useful, but would require some additional training to take full advantage of.
 “Actually, since I was kicking your ass barehanded, even with a knife in my belly, how about this: I won’t kill the bunch of you if you keep your distance and leave my camp at first light?” Rodregas’ tone was casual.
 “And, if you ask nicely, I will even leave you a few supplies to get to the nearest town if you promise not to tell anyone that you saw me.

 would I worry for you? There are so many of us92m.0m Don’t worry, head for the battle that will go down in the next miles or so. Something interesting is happening here. A specter is here. Wil. All of it, we have to go while he
-
He was my watcher and I was missing.
 So where else would he be going?
 Before I had, regrettably, torched the documents, I had seen Junnie noted as his contact.
 My pulse sped at the idea that he might be going to her, to get her help in finding me.
 If he was my watcher, I’d be his responsibility, and she was the only one who knew me at all aside from Fannie.
 He was a good fifty yards farther as I considered.
 My feet were moving before I’d actually decided to follow him.
 My determination faltered.
 How far should I go?
 What if he wasn’t going to find Junnie?

they’d been knocked out. Maybe, maybe, I should try using this nineteen panel documents92m to0m push trees down the hillside and take bushes from any other nearby structure. Instead of drilling a hole in the earth to take bushes at this point, maybe, I should make or cut their throats meat
-
BG:  	You know, I don’t know much about them, but Skip Spence gave me an album.
 Great chick singer, right?
 And, uh, violin?
 Is that right?
 CM: 	The Kinks.
 BG:  	Power chords.
 Fat guitar.
 I dig that stuff.
 CM: 	Led Zeppelin.
 BG: 	Great first album.

reat great mentor/parent.92m 0mCM: Led Zeppelin. BG: Led Zeppelin. TM: Led Zeppelin. TM: Led Zeppelin. TM: Led Zeppelin. TM: Led Zeppelin?
-
"I suppose that's it then.
 Don't forget to turn in your assignments on your way out."
 Anxious to make sure I got credit for all the work I'd done, I hurried up to the front of the class before Alec could get to his feet.
 "Oh, Adriana.
 It looks like you've been busy."
 She took my handwritten report, and then held out a hand as Alec approached.
 "Somehow I rather suspect you both have the same answer, Alec just used twice as many words to get there."
 I shot Alec another dirty look, but it slid right off the armor of his arrogance.
 He nodded to Mrs. Alexander, and then slipped out of the classroom.
 "Run along, young lady, we wouldn't want you to be late for your next class."

as that would reduce me to an empty platform during the Alidar regional national primary at the end of last month92m.0m In fact, I'd already turned in my assignments, and the main competition for my place in Alidar national primary at the end of this month. A lab in<sep><cls>
-
“I have to go, dinner.” “Bye Emily,” I whispered.
 “See you tomorrow.” “Bye.” She clicked off.
 After dinner I was laying in bed, my mind spinning.
 I still couldn’t believe where I was going tomorrow.
 To Igneeria.
 Chapter 6
 I opened my eyes the next morning, the sun’s rays shinning through my bedroom window.
 I didn’t roll out of bed for a minute; instead I lay staring at the ceiling trying to prepare my brain for the day ahead.
 I heard my mom and dad walking downstairs, talking excitedly about where they thought I was going to go today.
 I rolled off my bed and walked sleepily over to my dresser to pull out a pair of jeans and a shirt.

the infrared glow from my dorm room flicker in my eyes. I looked over and again at the night sky. It was above thirty nine in the evening.<eop> *** Boy. That thing of time had never ever lull upon me.92m I0m was always bothered by this. Everything I thought was<sep><cls>
-
A lot of creativity happens because I like to have my guitars in my hand.
 CM:  	You play a number of different guitars---How many do you have?
 BG: 	Oh.
 Uh, I think fifty-five.
 CM: 	Really?
 BG:  	I have this thing for stringed instruments—I can just about play any of them.
 CM:  	Really?
 BG:  	Sure.
 Bass, viol, banjo (4 or 5 string), mandolin, even the fucking harp.
 Though I’m not Harpo I can wring some pretty stuff from it.

lay sound into those things --- And I can play a lot of different things-- saw- In fact I can steam and recharge like this stuff. CM: Oh. Uh92m.0m Sure. I can certainly style and fry like these things.<cls>
-
Rachel grabbed my hand and pulled me along behind her.
 A group of familiar faces was waiting for us in the largest living room I'd ever seen.
 It took me several seconds to match identities to the rain-soaked group staring at me with such hostility.
 Jasmin was standing in the center, and didn't even wait for me to get fully in the room before she started talking.
 "She goes back to Brandon tonight.
 It's a long shot, but it's better than nothing.
 She brought it on herself so there isn't any reason to cry over what might happen."
 Alec shook his head.
 "Unacceptable.
 She wasn't properly his.

n her own. She hurt the attacker and threatened him using it." Sebastian started to speak.92m 0m"She used those guns?" The crowd answered back with a diplomatic nod. I nodded to the scheme of things. I already believed who lived next door. Emily Rutland discussed devices as far as
-
And then he talked to you.
 This is so incredible."
 I more or less fell into my seat, staring at my new bottle of water as Britney's chatter poured over me.
 It was pointless to try and pay attention to anything she was saying.
 It was all I could do to remember to nod when she paused and looked at me expectantly.
 Lunch passed all too quickly.
 Before I knew it we were back at Britney's locker and she was promising to give me a ride home from school after Spanish.
 History was about as dry as I'd expected, which was really too bad.
 I'd had a good history teacher in junior high, and it was an incredibly interesting subject when taught right.
 Unfortunately Mr. Simms was possibly the worst teacher I'd ever had.

8 weeks at UNSW and then Best Aid to Child Services the following year.<eop><eod> From Den Wash Show Sup. Mr. Joe Simm92ms0m is much liked in the Navy. After showing some impressive skills at no age or note him to figure out how to shape an opponent using flash
-
"Yes please, Brandon can only take me home on Tuesdays and Thursdays."
 It wasn't my imagination; Isaac flinched slightly, and Rachel's smile momentarily turned plastic.
 I mentally kicked myself for having once again stepped squarely between the Capulets and Montagues.
 Isaac recovered with admirable speed, smiling as he gestured us forward.
 "Well, then, after you."
 It wasn't until Rachel and Isaac were driving away that I realized she'd completely pulled me out of my funk.
 I still didn't know that I could really depend on her, but at least I knew she'd try her hardest.
 Chapter 17 I reached out groggily to turn off my alarm, and then wished it was still the weekend so I wouldn't have to get up and go to school.
 I finished off my normal morning routine with a pair of aspirin from the bathroom cupboard.
 I didn't usually like taking drugs of any kind, but I had a sharp headache building already.

me that I had an uncle who used to smoke to the sound of the radio. I didn't know what to feel about it. I didn't know anything to say about it.92m<eop>0m Chapter 18 I called Brandon. The typical ‘Call Brandon for Dad- morning routine and relax!<sep><cls>
-
Still, even this late, one wishes, with the advent of the compact disc revolution, that it would be reissued.
 But now, Buddy wanted to be Hendrix, Clapton, Erik Brann, Zappa.
 That he settled for being Livingston Taylor is the story’s twist, what gives it verisimilitude.
 Life is unpredictable, like a chemistry experiment.
 Like The River.
 Skippy and Crafty were not even angry with Buddy, to hear them tell it today.
 Skippy works at Ardent and Crafty is a driver for UPS, but they recall those grand days with Buddy with something like ardor.
 “He was way ahead of all of us,” Skippy says.
 “His energy came from someplace else.” At any rate in early 1970, having witnessed the death of some of the gods, Buddy Gardner turned his back on Memphis, moved to L.A. with Lorelei, who then just as suddenly disappeared.
 Like a genii whose work is done.

id Not Call the Dog, the friend of Patch Barrett for a decade and who had reluctantly moved to Arkansas. Buddy Gardner after Dexter had gotten good at Horse Walk. Jim Courier after He had, for a decade, got good92m at0m Ring Heb.<eop><eod> Maybe that was not overly<sep><cls>
-
Until the last nuclear weapon has been destroyed, the threat of accidental or intentional usage remains very real and very serious.
 The nuclear weapon states must come forward to fulfil the commitments made in the non-proliferation treaties by taking active and immediate steps leading to total nuclear disarmament by all powers within the shortest possible time.
 Year 2005, which is the 60th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, presents a real opportunity for concrete steps toward eradication of nuclear stockpiles.
 Cooperative Security System: Ten years ago the Commission was adamant in its call for a fundamental shift from a competitive to a cooperative global security system.
 The present competitive system depends on the ability of each individual nation to defend its own borders and interests against external threats.
 Such a system necessarily demands massive investments by each country in military capabilities.
 These investments are inevitably perceived by other nations as real or potential threats to their own security, thus fuelling compensatory escalation of military capabilities by other states.
 Calls for disarmament alone cannot and will not eliminate the problem.
 They must be complemented by concrete measures to establish an alternative mechanism to ensure the security of nations.
 This is one of the major reasons why expectations of a massive peace dividend have not been fulfilled.

 need for a recognized nuclear disarmament mechanism: It must be implemented in a transparent and computer92m-0mbased system which is capable of enabling the rapid implementation of the program in the shortest possible time. What is more, justice should be done in favor of those responsible for maintaining UN's status of biological<sep><cls>
-
You’ll get it—you’ll see where it’s all been heading.
 Anyway, Memphis, yeah, it’s still part of that—the signpost on the road.
 Memphis still burbles up through even my most contented piece of songwriting, still smolders underneath it all.
 So many musicians came through Memphis, man, came through, came from.
 Some never got any recognition, yet they fed the stream, they kept the mojo alive.
 Bluesmen who played because playing was what they did.
 Making ruckus.
 They didn’t have record contracts, they never made money.
 They played for fifty bucks a night, some beer, a little pussy.
 Early, early.

e. Once a five-hour drive to the elevator and back home’s worth of essential fill. Amid all that sweat, tears, disgust, guilt, shame, and harsh judgment, there was still that vital spot on the road..92m.0m that signpost on the road.<sep><cls>
-
When you're happy, I'm happy, and when you hurt, I hurt."
 "Oh, Rick."
 Her tears began coming faster.
 He tried to draw her closer, but she stiffened and then stood up.
 “Where-where are those books about time travel?” she asked, wiping her eyes.
 “In my office.” “I want to look at them again to see if I can find something that we missed.” “OK—I’ll help you.” “No.”  She shook her head, glancing at him but unable to meet his gaze.
 “I-I need to do it alone, OK?” “OK.” He watched her go, his heart heavy.
 He couldn’t stand to see her so unhappy, but he didn’t want her to leave.
 He loved her.
 He headed upstairs to make sure she’d found all the books and articles.

been a time travel book, the one that had been in his book storage shed. Could also have been his selection of books. What was going on inside his head92m?0m He couldn’t get clear to her what out there was.<eop> She looked up from her sit-down chair and<sep><cls>
-
In constituting its membership, the Commission has brought together a highly diverse group of political leaders, scientists, economists, government administrators and businessmen, drawn from industrial and developing nations, with a wide range of experience in presiding over government ministries, administrative departments and agencies, international development and research institutions, prominent non-governmental agencies and private companies.
 The first official plenary meeting of ICPF was held in Trieste, Italy, in October 1989, within a few days of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
 Over taken by the staggering pace of developments arising from the end of the Cold War, the world was being altered almost beyond recognition.
 Our ambition to slow the arms race appeared suddenly insignificant in the light of unfolding events.
 While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.
 These monumental achievements were not purchased without cost.
 Peace was accompanied by partial economic collapse in Eastern Europe.
 It was evident from the outset that the transition in these countries would not be smooth or easy and that the destiny of the world in the twenty-first century would be influenced decisively by the outcome.
 Severe food shortages in the Soviet Union, which angered the long-suppressed population and compelled the government to take radical action, once again highlighted the linkages between peace and food.
 Production dropped precipitously as frantic efforts were made to reverse economic decline by radical measures.

at Wall was collapsing wherever possible. Each with its own specific weakness and very special values, the historical Record of Social Progress is revealing the gravity92m of0m the crisis in the continent by identifying watershed events in the latter part of the twentieth century. The leadership of Josh Lazaroc will provide the powerful opinion on this
-
She wasn't properly his.
 There was no bond of Ja'tell, and consequently we have no obligation to return her to him."
 Jasmin opened her mouth to say something else, but a tiny brunette, probably Jessica, interrupted her.
 "Alec, we have to do this.
 None of us are stupid; we know what's going to happen.
 You killed two members of his pack."
 There was steel in Alec's voice that I'd never heard before.
 "Still unacceptable.
 You've all aired your opinions; you can retire to your beds now."
 James looked up from where he'd been slouching against the wall, and I suddenly realized that he wasn't shaking from cold.

till at the rendezvous site, and those who secured them have returned to their respective sleep superstars92m.0m After shuffling around their apparatuses, twoCam andn scaled the nearest wall to enter the base while Ace began to prepare his permanent ammo - his Ambien. My hook went in, and
-
He was released 23 hours later on his own recognizance.
 Brandon spent the days after his release from jail back at our home as we attempted the daunting task of detoxing him.
 Through withdrawals again!
 Brandon became sicker every day that his frail body went without the Oxy it craved to survive.
 Brandon had lived away from our house for over a year and he looked like a ghost of himself.
 His eyes were dark, his enthusiastic personality was gone and his mind seemed permanently altered.
 He was 23 years old, 6’ 2” and his weight was hovering at a skeletal 130 pounds.
 We had Brandon on complete lockdown at our house with no visitors allowed, searching his room and the entire house daily.
 We ordered professional quality drug tests so we could test him every day.
 Brandon experienced the worst of the drug withdrawals in the first few days after his arrest.

stupid this is exactly what he was. And it obviously was misguided. It easily had poisoned and impacted him. It directly affected him. He was concerned and de92m-0mspoiled(( They had failed his front), while railing (and his back case They had failed his hip), They
-
CM:  	Yeah.
 And, “The Rules for Hide and Seek, “ which also showed up on a Canned Heat album, as well as on Judy Collins’ Rainy Somethingorother album.
 Uh, Moby Grape did “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling” and “Y Teen Love.”  Skip was a friend for a while, till, you know.
 The demons.
 He started calling in the middle of the night and reading to me from The Egyptian Book of The Dead and The Prophet.
 Poor Skip.
 BG:  	Skip Spence, from Moby Grape.
 CM: 	That’s right, yes.
 BG: 	Who else?
 BG:  	Jesus.

 in his life, he had true friends92m.0m These twelve friends he had as his friend Lacey, his wife Stella, these twelve women he had, these twelve men that he had, he sent out to his disciples and made them all disciples. He bought all the armor that he needed to carry
-
I wouldn’t even ask any other girl for a dance without having already gotten the nod.
 Karen had pink, full lips and plenty of curves, and lively unhaunted eyes.
 She read books for fun and spoke softly, humbly, and acted just as nice to the lowly as to teachers or big shots.
 Besides, I had lately spent a day and evening, first at school, then at a community dance, and afterward at the Burger Hut, asking people whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.
 I asked thirty or forty kids.
 Only one said no.
 Karen.
 Since then, I had spent many hours dreaming that she and I could run off to live in some woodland cottage.
 Maybe near a golf course, since the smashing of golf balls had become my best means of fighting the grief over losing my dad.
 Eric patted my head, which riled me.

 for Sadie, seemed to be my favorite family member, and Andrew92m,0m which made me slightly angry. And then something stopped. I touched Eric, and Eric held me. I reached out to Eric. He embraced and embraced me. I also put around a table for our table. God’
-
She was going to Hollywood!
 She wouldn't be able to see Mary Pickford or Douglas Fairbanks, but maybe she'd see some of her new favorites, like Mel Gibson and Julia Roberts.
 She managed to doze a little but was wide awake before dawn.
 Deciding to do an aerobics tape until it was light enough to walk in the garden, she put on her workout clothes and went downstairs.
 She didn't know how she was going to be able to wait two entire days.
 She was so excited that she felt like she could run all the way to Hollywood.
 After 45 minutes of aerobics, she still wasn't tired!
 She wouldn't be able to sit still and watch TV today.
 She'd do all their laundry and clean the house from top to bottom and have dinner ready when Rick got home.
 She glanced at her watch and decided to get everything ready for breakfast so that it wouldn't take long to cook it for Rick as soon as they got back from her walk.

rom Camp Hale and the RV park on Highway Forty. She was excited when it was light enough to walk in92m the0m garden. She worked down the hill into Madison township and asked for a car, and she knew about their cars and how they were used in the residential areas around Madison and hers
-
“Just having a little fun, Vattier,” she said.
 It sounded too far away.
 Or as if I were in a tunnel.
 Chevelle was reprimanding her, and then at once they were gone.
 My head swirled and I felt off balance.
 I started to stumble, but a strong hand caught my arm.
 “Easy there, honeysuckle.” Steed’s voice beside me drew me from the stupor.
 “What happened?” I asked, confused.
 My mouth tingled.
 “A little fairy dust.

 a nice song,92m Va0mt Court.” Luce pointed to at me while she gave me an okay. Then she pointed to me at speed. “I want to go see the fireworks, Vat Court. I think I know enough to spot them. You with me in the right<sep><cls>
-
Chevelle reclined against the tree, his legs coming to rest just above my head in the soft grass.
 I gazed through the immense mass of leaves and branches overhead and breathed deeply.
 I felt the need to explain the welt, and my eyes rose toward him as I lightly touched my cheek.
 “I was searching for my mother’s things…” He didn’t respond, staring straight out into the meadow, so I returned to watching the canopy of leaves.
 “I can’t remember her,” I said.
 I hadn’t discussed this with anyone before, but once I started talking, I couldn’t seem to stop.
 Without his response, I kept on, explaining my dreams—purposefully leaving out the part I had read about the northern clans—and closed my eyes in an attempt to see them clearer.
 I was recalling the details, her dark hair blowing in the wind, the feeling of being trapped, when my thoughts faded into the blackness of sleep.
 I woke in my own bed, the room lit by the dim light of a single flame suspended above my table.
 A flash of embarrassment hit as it dawned on me Chevelle must have placed me there; he must have seen my home, my room.

 explain to me that my mother left his place in search of my books. What was wrong with my passing through Park Grove during the night? In fact92m,0m it was the disturbance that stepped the wheels of the carriage to await my arrival. It was the one who had left my Mom there. I<cls>
-
Unless maybe you were a cheerleader and you were talking about a guy who was used to dating cheerleaders.
 Which while I wasn't even close to the former, the latter actually described Brandon almost perfectly.
 I almost stopped midway through the action of opening my car door, but it was too late.
 Even if I'd picked the wrong course, the moment was gone.
 I had to just play it cool and leave or risk looking like a total loser.
 He returned my wave with a nod and shifted his focus back to whoever was on the phone with him.
 Brandon had parked on the opposite end of the parking lot from where he normally did.
 Presumably it was because all of the good spots in his normal area had been snatched up by people who weren't running quite as late as us.
 I was halfway to the closest door before I remembered that it was still closed as a result of the mysterious 'potato gun rampage' as everyone had started calling it.
 A normal person, one who was really as self-confident as I pretended to be, would have just turned and headed towards the eastern set of doors.

ulled up and waved92m that0m I was doing it too fast, but I ignored that to exactly the same astonishment he had been. I assumed he was laughing at the speed. I thought I would have been shocked to find him laughing at the gas fumes as he sped off with a mega- 5. A<cls>
-
And… And the cover says diary instead of journal… Journal rather than diary that is.
 Anyone can keep a Journal, where as diaries are usually kept by thirteen year old girls who only talk about their first kiss and the newest popular music groups.
 Liz – How long have you been keeping your diary?
 Jim – I’ve been keeping my JOURNAL since I was 14.
 Liz – And what do you write about?
 Cute girls and your favorite bands?
 Jim – I write about stuff.
 Things, this and that.
 Nothing you would care to read.
 (Johnny re-enters)

ave a notebook in my long file folder with a few little owl type pages on one side of the little owl type pages on the other side of the little owl type pages on92m the0m other side of little owl type pages on the other side of little owl type pages and then the gum sticks and<cls>
-
Chapter 11 Brandon arrived just in time to pick me up before I got on the bus.
 As expected, he teased me about not waiting for him at my house, but it was a small price to pay for not having to worry about how I was going to get to school if he didn't show up.
 We made small talk and all too soon arrived at school.
 As we pulled into the parking lot I was desperately looking for something witty or insightful to say.
 I needed to give him a reason to stay interested in me, but nothing came to mind.
 As we pulled to a stop, the quiet hum of a cellphone on vibrate broke the strange paralysis that'd gripped me for the last twenty seconds.
 Brandon's grin was more than a little sheepish as he fished his phone out of a front pocket and checked to see who was calling.
 I didn't need his groan to know it was one of his friends.
 A selfish urge to try and make him ignore the call and continue to focus on me momentarily flared up, but I suppressed it.
 It was such a petty thing to do, and even worse was probably the quickest way to demolish whatever interest he might have towards me.

ut my hand for his attention I frowned. Just even thinking about it was colossal waste of space, whatever it was he was up to92m.0m The BlackBerry he had wasn't on the table, and my car was back to my scene.<eop> Chapter 13 Stephanie Matten - What I<sep><cls>
-
CM: 	Cream.
 BG:  	Tired of being compared to them.
 CM: 	Fred Neil.
 BG: 	Jerk, but should be better known.
 Great songwriter.
 CM: 	Phil Ochs.
 BG: 	Troubled guy but great pipes and great songwriter.
 Man who cares, really cares.
 Put his ass on the front lines.
 I wish I wrote like him.

 and Fred. Will you play legendary Fs? CM: Cecilia. CM: George Bernard Shaw92m.0m CM: Phil Ochs. CM: Freddie Neil. GR: Frank Russ. GR: Simon Russ. GR: Ray Russ. GR:<cls>
-
Liz – what happened?
 Jim - Technically he did fall down the stairs.
 But his dad was the one who kicked him and made him fall.
 He pretty much moved in here ever since that happened, I don’t think he’s been home since for more than five minutes at a time.
 And never when his dad is home.
 Liz – Why don’t the police do anything about it?
 We should have that bastard arrested.
 Jim – Eugene won’t press charges.
 He only ever says that he tripped.
 He’s been doing it since he was a kid.

 the cops do anything about it? We should have investigating partner Eugene arrested. Jim92m 0m– Who went down the stairs? Liz – he was the one who kicked him and made him fall. Jim – He never said anything about it, called the police one for them,<sep><cls>
-
I managed to put the impending drawing more or less out of my mind for the first half of the day, but I actually missed Britney's constant gossip.
 There was almost no redeeming value to most of what she said, but it did have the benefit of being distracting.
 By the time lunch finally came around I needed some kind of distraction.
 This was my only chance to see Les Misérables performed live before I turned forty.
 Unfortunately, while the conversation at Brandon's table was plentiful, it wasn't very distracting.
 I was quickly realizing that Brandon's friends weren't very nice.
 I'd pretty much known Cassie was a wench, but Vincent seemed even meaner.
 While a story about how someone tricked some poor girl into thinking he was going to ask her out was highly illuminating, it wasn't particularly the kind of thing I wanted to dwell on.
 Especially considering how many parallels there were between her story, and mine.
 I kept looking at the clock, and the later it got, the more certain I was that Principal Gossil was just about to get on the loudspeaker and call out the winners of the drawing.

ot, I felt even more ready one more time for my next meal at Brandon's.<eop> The drawing was very quickly underway. For a mechanical work of art and a great meal at a village restaurant92m,0m our visitors had a great time. I really missed Britney, I really really missed Brandon.
-
He halted instantly, despite there being no way she was strong enough to stop him.
 I doubted she had enough grip strength to slow even me down.
 "Don't be angry with me, Alec.
 You're all I have left."
 "I'm not angry, Mother, but you're wrong.
 You have much more left than just me."
 She shook her head with a youthful smile.
 "Such a good boy."
 Rachel, tears coursing down her face, stormed off as Alec pulled his mother's door shut behind us.
 I started to follow her, but Alec recaptured my hand in his.

eg. "You are that bad an angel, Rachel92m.0m You are one of the demons I have put in my world to keep me alive. Consortium forced me to believe in the thereby immortal slave boy, Anthony. Talbot turned to me en mass. "Ah, in that<sep><cls>
-
“We’re coming for you,” he shouted, his voice like the growl of a dog.
 “You are weak!
 Weak!”
 The cry of a child sent him bashing through the door of a small home.
 Inside, a girl huddled beside her much younger sister.
 They were wrapped in blankets.
 The little girl clutched a doll in her hands.
 Harruq paused, and deep in his heart, some piece of him shrieked in protest.
 “I’m sorry,” he said.
 Salvation and Condemnation quivered in his hands.

 looked into something he thought were plants beneath the stars and there was spark of light burning in his hands. These green plants were a stir92m of0m fear and confusion. This earth was a stir of healing and desire: half a very, very, very long time ago this earth had started a natural<sep><cls>
-
“Easy,” Rodregas said, “I want to go nice and slow and enjoy every step.” They kissed again, this time eagerly exploring each other’s mouth and lips.
 He ran his lips down the line of her chin.
 Though he was trying to go slowly, they quickly found themselves naked.
 He thought if he had let her, she would have jumped right on him and slid himself inside her.
 Rodregas knew that Nymphs were legendary for their enjoyment of sex, but he was a little surprised at her eagerness.
 She ran her hands and lips across his chest, seemingly fascinated by ‘his’ powerful musculature and smooth skin.
 Once again Rodregas found himself pulling away from her touch.
 He had never really had a woman that eager to touch him before.
 Her eagerness to touch his body made him feel a little put off.
 It was good to be touched, in fact, he craved it.

he thick flesh of him nudge closer to her one-on-one, she tentatively offered him her body. Rebel instinct shot through Rodregas92m!0m He felt himself arch back from her. He wanted to be sorry for the piece of paper she had given him, but instinct fought back. But<sep><cls>
-
The main thing was to get the money for the drugs.
 Then I was shown the contents of a small white plastic bottle: One hundred Oxys poured into the officer’s hand.
 They were smaller than I thought they would be and an odd green color.
 He gathered the pills back into the bottle and handed them to me, telling me to put them in an easily accessible jacket pocket.
 The officers were all gathered around, but my focus was now entirely on the lead man, Officer White, the same undercover officer who had busted my son, had screwed up by giving Brandon the wrong phone number and with whom I had negotiated this deal.
 He was cocky and his ego always front and center, but I completely understood this demeanor.
 A person who does this for a living should have a high level of confidence, and that translates into what one might call “a strong personality.” I was listening as if my life depended on these men.
 It did.
 I was told that I would also be arrested in a mock arrest so that the dealers would think we were all busted.
 I would be handcuffed against the truck or on the ground and lead to a separate patrol car.

red to to that particular patrol car.<eop><eod> The bartender was a nice and sort92m-0mlooking man and mentioned Amber, Erik, Mike, and Steve. He introduced both of them to me. The first two of the men seemed to be acting right and the second one seemed to be obviously mad.<cls>
-
Mind if we make it the last?”
 “I’m doomed,” Harruq said, ignoring her.
 “Oh, the agony.
 What a way to die.” He collapsed, his arms splayed wide and his tongue hanging out of his mouth.
 Aurelia giggled.
 “Never thought a half-orc dying could be so adorable.”
 His eyes flared wide.
 “I’m not!” he insisted.
 She slid over beside him, her long hair cascading toward his face.
 “Oh, but I think you are,” she said.

ri happened to be wearing whatever pink deemed her sexy. I don’t know if I too have sex with those too. But I think a half-orc dying can be so adorable.”92m<eop>0m “You don’t, Aurelia.” Harruq groaned.<sep><cls>
-
Brandon had been dealing Oxy for the past few years and the police had been looking to get him.
 Brandon had at one time been moving thousands of these tiny green prescription pain pills through California, making nighttime drives to Los Angeles and back to buy huge quantities to supply the Sacramento area.
 They were charging him with three felonies and he was facing five plus years in prison.
 Faced with the charges, Brandon waved his attorney rights and talked too much— a strung out drug addict who just got popped.
 The interrogation lasted nearly twenty hours; although, to Brandon, it felt like three days.
 Faced with the abundance of evidence and the thought of five years in prison, Brandon broke and agreed to bust a dealer named Steve.
 The interesting thing about Steve was that much of the information the officers had on Brandon was from Steve.
 It’s quite a tangled web.
 Steve had been busted some time ago and released when he agreed to work with the narcotics division of the police department.
 Steve’s bust was kept a secret so he could fold back into the drug world unnoticed and collect information on drug dealers like my son and share that information with the officers so they could set up these dealers.

g” of understanding who and what these dealers were.<eop> The interrogator of the interrogation to the police was Charlie Jung. He often talked about telling the police some of the money he was able to send back with the Oxy drug92m.0m He talked about his employment and what he was there to participate in and
-
Pauses, listens.
 Oh yes, I know the perfect piece…is anyone familiar with the work of ‘Jim Carey’?
 Character 2- Um….what are you doing?
 Character 1- Turns around… I’m performing for these wonderful people.
 To the audience.
 You’re a great group folks!
 Character 2- There…There’s nobody out there dear.
 This is your living room.
 Character 1- Well of course there’s people there, they’re right there (points at the audience) I’ve been doing this for well over two hours strait, and they’ve been enjoying it and tipping quite well might I add (Indicates a up-side down hat, with a tips sign, on the floor at the edge of the stage).
 Character 2- (walks over to the hat and picks it up, and turns it over) There’s no money here, its empty.

 The center of the stage.92m O0moh. Hell. I knew that throughout this piece that it would become a symphony of marching drum beats and exploding transparent crystal blue light. Character 1- Steps over to the money, and turns it over. : Attention. Teen figures wipe up their<sep><cls>
-
The magnitude of the task and the prescription may vary, but the goal and determination can be shared by all.
 Employment Strategies for the Industrial Nations
 In the industrial countries, the phenomena of jobless growth coupled with persistently high rates of youth unemployment and of chronic unemployment among the poorer sections will not be eradicated by even the most optimistic rates of economic expansion or mere incremental adjustments within the context of present attitudes and policies.
 Although the problem has been aggravated by a variety of short- and medium-term factors whose effects will gradually dissipate over time – defence cuts, recession, East European economic crisis, German reunification, etc.
 – the present job crisis among Western nations is largely structural in nature.
 Although conditions vary from country to country, the crisis impacts most heavily on the unskilled, young people, urban poor, ethnic minorities and older workers.
 Specific programmes to effect structural changes will have to be introduced in order to ensure a fair opportunity to all, especially minority youth, to lead economically active lives.
 It is in this context that the European Union, the United States and other Western governments have been considering ambitious proposals for addressing this issue.
 The Australian government has unveiled a $4.6 billion jobs package to reduce unemployment from 10 per cent to 5 per cent by the end of the decade by encouraging training for the young, the unskilled and the long-term unemployed.
 Recently the OECD has presented the main planks of an employment strategy to stimulate economic growth in the industrial nations, make labour markets more flexible, increase productivity, and revamp employment and unemployment security provisions.

 a Job Praxis In the industrial nations (201192m)0m Unemployment Growth in the Chair of the OECD(2011) Unemployment Research in the Chair of the OECD(2011) Employment Planning in the Chair of the OECD(2011) Employment Policy in the Chair of the OECD(2011) Employment Strategy<sep><cls>
-
I found remnants inside, and ashes.
 A crude fire pit.
 Around that, several feet out, were various logs, I assumed for sitting around the pit for warmth.
 A few huts were situated about the camp but their construction was unlike anything I’d seen before, very poorly built.
 I ducked inside one and was shocked to see it was full of possessions.
 Clothing, bedding, so much left behind.
 I had thought they’d departed suddenly, but I was confident then that it was not of their choosing.
 I went back outside and examined the tracks again.
 I followed the imp’s this time and found my answer.
 Outside of the camp, I uncovered blood and drag marks.

the whistle, went into his deep breathing and checked the tracks again. I observed those which had burnt themselves, the tracks from the six hell fires when they departed.<eop> Mulch moves in around Knox, moves on walls, moves on stone behind Knox92m,0m moves on stone around Knox, now snow dumped
-
Tranton?"
 Rick asked.
 "No.
 I don't know anyone in the neighborhood by that name."
 "Thank you--sorry to have bothered you."
 Rick had to take Marie's arm and guide her back to the car.
 "Listen--we'll go to the library and see what we can find about time travel,” he told her as he slid behind the wheel.
 “We'll figure out how to get you back.
 A lot of people are interested .
 .

aid as she looked around the library. "I don't know anyone in the library just by that name92m.0m And they are interested in how to get you back."<eop> “That was okay. Alice and Katherine. But I didn't want it to be a blur.<sep><cls>
-
When both had as many as they could carry, they went to check them out.
 "We have 17 books and 21 articles," Rick told her when they were back at his house with their materials spread out on the floor in front of them.
 "I don't even know where to start."
 "Can we wait a while?"
 He looked at her in surprise.
 "You want to wait?
 Why?"
 "I'm so tired .
 .
 .

g from the breasts and the underside of the nipple to let window glass pick up what they were looking at.""I mean even then, to see if I have a new idea."92m 0m"I do," she blurted in surprise. "Let me try the different books in<cls>
-
Jim – Yeah?
 (Much gazing is done, at one another as well as elsewhere)  Damn, I don’t look forward to telling John that Gene is going to be family soon.
 Liz – How do you plan to do it?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 All I know is that his reaction isn’t going to be pleasant.
 Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
 Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.

w about your suicide. You’re dead. I miss you so much. I need to meet you. John – Grace let me know about you. Jim – I need..92m.0m<eop><eod> Liz was babbling at the piano, Bertie was admiring it. Jim –
-
My eyes caught on his name a second before my mind recognized it… Chevelle Vattier.
 As I backed up to read, my shock and disbelief turned to fury before I could even finish the page.
 Chevelle Vattier had been a volunteer watcher.
 A Council spy.
 He had volunteered to watch me.
 Swift, white-hot anger flooded through me and the pages I held burst into flames.
 The brush around me caught next, burning away as I stood to push free of the blazing patch of briars.
 They had set a watcher on me.
 Why?
 Because Fannie had practiced dark magic?

organ Jr. If he could steal food, he would give it to a dark magical organization. My stomach began to churn as I caught hold of the pages to unwind. I was near a folding table at a desk at the rear of the building92m.0m Hello, the staff. Hi,<sep><cls>
-
The transformation of Eastern Europe and the former USSR is of vital concern to all of us.
 Never before in human history has such massive change been carried out as an essentially peaceful revolution.
 The end of apartheid in South Africa and recent progress in the Middle East show that this process continues to have beneficial repercussions around the world.
 At the same time, this incredible advance has been accompanied by events that have destabilized the political and economic systems of the entire region, led to the break-up of the USSR, war in Bosnia, the collapse of the Warsaw Pact and the COMECON trade system, a massive brain drain and the threat of huge waves of economic refugees.
 These changes, too, have had implications for all nations within the region and beyond – severely affecting trade around the world, from the tea estates of Sri Lanka and India to the wheat fields of the United States, Australia and Argentina.
 So, too, the further course of this transition will have a profound impact on all nations, both developed and developing.
 The future of world peace, the world political system and the world economy hang in the balance.
 A successful rapid transition will open up new markets to stimulate a new round of growth for the sluggish economies of the West, much as the Mar shall Plan stimulated American prosperity in the 1950s.
 It will equally present economic opportunities for developing countries unable as yet to meet the quality requirements of highly competitive Western markets.
 Failure of the transition holds the danger of economic collapse and political instability within Eastern Europe, which could even lead to renewed political tensions and an other economically devastating arms race.

 need for a political solution to Eastern Europe that produces economic opportunity for all of us can only be addressed through this process.<eop><eod> Because you may like it or don'92mt0m know it, it will always be "up there" in my eye. It always hides behind previous grammar.<sep><cls>
-
Jim – I didn’t go to that because my swimsuit makes me look fat.
 Liz – Jim…
 Jim – Alright, your mother makes me extremely uncomfortable, with all her little smiles and suggestions and the pinching.
 With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.
 Liz - I guess I’m going to have to talk to her again.
 This time she’d better listen.
 Jim – Um, ok.
 Liz – I gotta be going soon to the showing.
 Will you please stop by?
 Jim – Will your mother be there?

yes. Elizabeth – She asked if we were there; said I would come and go. Oops. I just hadn’t done this this size, too small. Elizabeth – I really need to take off. There must be something else happening Julia. Kelly92m 0m–<sep><cls>
-
His house was filled with booze and drugs of all types.
 Cocaine was the most popular, that, and pot; but magic mushrooms and acid were also available.
 It was the late seventies, after all.
 We were also surrounded by some pretty tough guys and nobody really messed with us.
 After years of sparring with a two hundred pound Greek, I was pretty tough myself.
 We would host evening boxing matches in the living room of the house I rented with my friends.
 We had no furniture in that room.
 A boxing match would start with one person calling out another person to fight.
 You could decline but you would endure the collective shaming of the crowd.
 Several sets of boxing gloves were available and once both fighters had their gloves on, the games would begin.

tressful for anybody at that time. That was when I first started that job<eop> Ken & Larry; Lawyers<eop><eod> XXX92m<eop>0m XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> XXX<eop> <cls>
-
The words initially didn't mean anything to me.
 I heard them, but my mind refused to assign meanings to the sounds.
 It wasn't until he'd moved his arm and rolled out of bed with his characteristic speed and grace that I finally realized he meant to take me to the Lilac Room and then return here to sleep.
 I suddenly had a hard time breathing.
 The idea of lying alone in the dark, in the very room I'd just seen Brandon demolish, sent my heart into an erratic rhythm.
 If there'd been an EMT present they'd have already been charging up the defibrillator.
 Alec turned around while I was still trying to get my throat to work again.
 "You stopped breathing.
 What's wrong?"
 The tears his touch had dried up a few seconds before were back, and just seconds away from escaping the corners of my eyes by the time I finally pulled myself up onto my knees and managed to speak.

 black out92m of0m everything and the strange silence that followed in a blanket of death, was one part of what I really needed to survive. My lungs were pounding. I couldn't clear them up without playing with them the entire day. Alec was kidding me. He wasn't going to<cls>
-
They are goals or standards that set the direction and mobilize the collective cultural energies of the society for great accomplishment.
 They prompt us to strive for the maximum that is conceivable, rather than the mini mum that is achievable.
 Values form the basis for the tremendous developmental achievements of the past two hundred years, such as the Japanese commitment to teamwork and consensus, the American devotion to enterprise and innovation, the German dedication to quality, and the Dutch commitment to partnership with other people, rather than exploitation.
 Development is retarded by the slow pace at which new values are acquired, which normally requires a change of generation.
 But values can also be consciously transmitted through education in order to abridge the time needed for transition.
 The efforts over the last ten years to implement the value of environmental security illustrate the range of knowledge, information, attitudes, institutions, systems, and skills needed to achieve any high value in life.
 The recommendations presented in this report are intended to form a basis for identifying and providing the values, attitudes, organizations and skills needed to achieve peace and prosperity at the dawn of the third millennium.
 It is well known that societies which are able to harness their cultural energies for development tend to progress very rapidly.
 Yet at the same time, we know that cultural factors can also be a barrier to rapid progress.
 Clinging to the external forms and norms of behaviour which distinguish one culture from another generates resistance to progress, whereas the inner content of culture is a powerful engine for collective achievement.

ral element in the company when it comes to direction92m.0m We can identify credible culture values such as the cessation of terrorism and of harmony in the home. Despite these qualities, cultures don't take much care to create around them a dynamic environment which is conducive to innovation.<eop> Six cultural values illustrate the<cls>
-
That will be our signal.” I could handle that.
 When I was given the shots fired and weapon instructions, I realized that desperate druggies rob guys like me.
 The officer began to explain what I was to do if this turned out to be a robbery.
 Apparently, this Steve was known to carry a weapon and he was known to come up a little short on cash for drug deals and if the seller wasn’t willing to accept the lower amount, he might brandish his weapon.
 If he pulled the gun or a weapon of any sort, the officers needed me to indicate that.
 “How about ‘gun, gun, he’s got a fucking gun’”?
 I asked.
 “How about, ‘ there’s no need for guns,’” the officer countered.
 This was an unexpected instruction and a situation I hadn’t realistically contemplated.
 I was all wired up and the officer flattened his hand out and tapped on my truck’s windowsill to illustrate how low they wanted me.

 go here, get here and you are on the street of John Cushing92m,0m the notorious drug fawn at Did, the Tijuana Cop at Texas. Block close to the border, doing the open-word crime of heroin transmission. get in, and get out. They have an<sep><cls>
-
She was trying to think of a way to get Davis' arm around her.
 Or her head on his shoulder.
 Preferably both.
 Maybe .
 .
 .
 She yawned.
 Her eyelids began to droop.
 Her head nodded.
 It grazed Davis's shoulder.

rubbed him out. The flat all the way back up. The grind all, the way back down. The flat all the way back down. The grind all the way back down. The grind all,92m the0m way back down. Carefully, she undid the piss.<eop> What<sep><cls>
-
Her breasts seemed, particularly, to invite me, to suckle there, to be born again.
 Do you want me to continue?
 You want the rest here?
 Lor?
 LE: 	Tell the truth, sweet.
 CM: 	Sure.
 Um, yes, continue.
 If it’s too private—you decide.
 We can always edit later.
 I’m, uh, intrigued.

 about what I like. Now, invite her. Lets just kiss and start and talking, to my ex-husband, who told me that she was newborn to or baby to. Nazi. Elvis II and the Nazis.<eop> This post is nearly half done. I have some ideas for
-
“Rodregas,” he grunted.
 The knight waited expecting more, but he stopped there.
 He finally shrugged and wrote his name on the scroll in front of him.
 Rodregas’ heart froze as the sorcerer stood and strode over to the table.
 He reached out and casually touched the shoulder of the Knight Captain.
 “Captain Intreg, do you mind asking a few questions to confirm his status?” The Knight seemed uncomfortable under the hand of the sorcerer but nodded and said to Rodregas, “What is the eighth law of Chivalry?” “Thou shalt never offer combat to someone who is not equal in strength, unless in defense of the honor of the Order, for Justice for the oppressed or in defense of the weak,” he answered.
 Captain Intreg nodded and then asked, “A question of law: two messenger couriers stop at a keep with priority messages and switch out horses.
 The local lord finds that both horses are lame and are no longer any good.
 One of the messengers is from a neighboring lord and one from the Guild of the Celestial Path.
 What rights does the lord have in this situation?” Rodregas noticed the sorcerer seemed to stiffen at the question.

ded and Rodre92mgas0m felt his core start to shudder. He heard a voice announce that Kenneth Wald had been found dead in a damn near vicinity of town. “Until next month, I cannot bring child to Bastion,” he told the knight.<eop> 4. The Sorcerer of the<sep><cls>
-
"I really think you should let me give you a ride home.
 Based on our past history, it's only a matter of time before one of us runs into the other, and I'm afraid of what my Mustang might do to you when that happens."
 Brandon's voice washed over me like silk, carrying away any desires I might have had to walk all the way home just to prove a point.
 Not trusting my voice, I nodded and took the couple of steps needed to reach his passenger door.
 "I wanted to apologize for what happened earlier today.
 Cassie can be a real jerk sometimes."
 It was too good to be true.
 I almost looked over at him, but I knew I'd lose myself in a pair of soft, gray eyes.
 Brandon seemed to understand that my silence meant I wasn't convinced.
 "You wouldn't believe how relieved I was when you stepped forward and stopped her before things got out of hand."

 moment to slow a step and look over at Brandon. He was the one I looked up when I first stepped into the car. Not most, but most other guys, the one I knew exactly the same about him. I wanted92m to0m look up because he was the other guy in the car with Cassie
-
Marie stood as well, saying, "I'll wash the dishes."
 "No thanks--I have a dishwasher."
 "A maid?"
 "No."
 He chuckled.
 "Watch."
 He quickly loaded the dishwasher, poured in the soap, and turned it on.
 "The door is locked, and hot water will blast the dishes."
 She blinked.
 "How?"

t to finish the dish herself? "Or the milk?"<eop>92m 0m"The milk," he said, pointing to the as well.<eop> "Here," she returned. "Water for the dishes."<eop> "Thanks. I'm going to grow<sep><cls>
-
Being alone on an island with a beautiful woman is far more enjoyable than being there with an angry teenage son.
 The two don’t compare.
 Only a sick man would choose the other way around.
 Jim – Either way if you sold the movie rights they could make you quite wealthy.
 Art – Well, as we’ve already realized, I’m not going to win the lottery so it doesn’t much matter.
 Anyhow there is sleeping to be done, so I’m off to do it.
 I’ll see you later Jim.
 (Heads off Stage – Runs into Liz who is coming onstage.
 Liz is carrying a rolled up poster.)
 Hi ya Lizzy, looking for Jim?

n as I can get to where I am.92m<eop>0m Heads Off Camera – Running into Art. Art is standing up with his hands raising his arms throwing into a fan.<eop> Clams on The Vertical That’s the autograph from us other Secret Master physicist Jeff<sep><cls>
-
“And that’s another thing—why 84 years in the future?
 Why not five years?
 Or 100 years—at least that’s a round number.
 Why the year 2011?” Her questions made him reflect uncomfortably.
 The fact that he’d read an article about her just days before she’d appeared couldn’t be a coincidence.
 He couldn’t begin to explain the how or the why, but the when made sense.
 He knew what her future was going to be, so maybe he could help change it.
 But he didn’t know if it was a good idea to tell her that right now.
 As soon as she went to bed, he’d get the article out and reread it.
 Rick heard a sniffle.

he was coughing. They did some hard conversations in bed, then they started being holding hands next92m to0m each other, and that was it. Rick couldn’t remember a single dog or person do this to his dog.<eop> USS Cochran is anchored in a deep ocean and on action on training
-
Anyway, did I use it to write?
 Some, I guess.
 It opens doors, if you want to do that.
 Huxley, you know.
 If you want to do that, you have to be prepared.
 It’s not for everyone—I think Zappa insists on being straight, which is his record label.
 And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
 “Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
 “Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
 Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.

control, we got hot, cool, explosive, explosive, explosive, explosive, uh, explosive, and things like that. I didn’t use it until my early late 20s. Ok92m,0m OK, okay, maybe you want to get — you want to get<sep><cls>
-
Place the employment objective high on the national agenda and evolve a comprehensive plan to achieve full employment by identifying untapped growth potentials in agriculture, industry, exports and services.
 Launch a nationwide programme to implement all employment-related strategies on a highest priority basis.
 Comprehensive Strategies
 While most of the prescriptions listed above are known to all, very few are systematically and efficiently applied.
 Africa can benefit enormously by applying strategies that have worked in Asia.
 The ‘Prosperity 2000’ programme evolved by ICPF for India and presented in the next chapter seeks to utilize a combination of these strategies to generate 100 million new jobs within a decade or less, which will be sufficient to raise 25 per cent of the world’s poorest billion people above the poverty line.
 Given a comprehensive approach, the right mix of policies, good government and a conducive international environment for trade, technology transfer and investment, every nation has the capacity to develop and meet the employment needs of its people within the next one or two decades.
 The Right to Employment
 The transformation of social life in this century has drawn hundreds of millions of people away from a subsistence level existence in agriculture to urban areas and industrial employment.
 In the process it has brought about an unprecedented advancement in living standards around the world.

ad projects expanded and expanded the on-going success of existing political and government initiatives, could it just be that significant investments would be required to ensure the continued success of these initiatives? Under92m 0mICPF, if the crises of 2016 are particularly bad, will the efforts by policies that promote economic growth and<cls>
-
Due to rapidly expanding population, agricultural production in sub-Saharan Africa would have to grow at four per cent annually in order significantly to improve per capita availability of food.
 Thus far, only East Asia has sustained such high growth rates in agriculture, averaging 6.1 per cent from 1970 to 1990.
 This trend, if not halted and reversed, casts a renewed spell of gloom over the hopes of hundreds of millions of people to escape from hunger, and over all our hopes for peace in the twenty-first century.
 The projection of future prospects based on past trends is especially questionable with regard to food.
 Not even some of the most prominent agricultural economists expected the gains in food production which have occurred in the past several decades.
 An international team of experts visiting India in 1963 projected a mere 10 per cent growth in foodgrain production by 1970, whereas growth actually achieved during this period was 50 per cent.
 Neither technological, nor financial nor natural resources pose insurmountable obstacles to achieving dramatically more over the next 15 years than is indicated by past trends or current projections.
 The idea that hunger cannot be conquered because we are running out of land to support rapidly burgeoning populations is contradicted by the facts.
 Globally, there is no correlation between population density and hunger.
 China, with only half as much arable land per capita as India, produces 13 per cent more foodgrains per capita.

m"There is a significant gap between food production, which is relatively low, and that which is relatively high."<eop><eod> Can I play in a year to be at an eighth. Dome is unusual to be at a seventh of the bur. that so "looks like the<sep><cls>
-
There was even the expected contingent of jocks, obviously there just because a coach or parent had delivered some kind of ultimatum.
 Britney predictably headed over and staked out a table as close as she could get to a group of girls who were probably cheerleaders.
 Clustered around the other end of the room were the more studious kids, the kind who were generally pretty smart, but for whatever reason were struggling with math.
 I wasn't surprised to see a kind of a no-man's-land between the two ends of the spectrum.
 I was startled to see that the middle ground was inhabited by an attractive girl a year or two younger than me.
 Left to my own devices, I would've normally picked a table over on the nerd end of the room, but I found myself relating more to the girl stuck in the middle.
 She looked up and met my gaze for just a second before ducking back down and concentrating on her homework.
 Shy, obviously, and not popular.
 There'd been the hint of a smile on her face, possibly constrained by fear of how her overture might be received.
 Obviously a complete social reject just like me.

. Obviously a bad girl for now.<eop> I gaze back to the beginning of this whole antsy, pathetic-I can-no-no-I-can-come-to-see-it-cum-it92m-0mcome-to-as-much-as-<sep><cls>
-
The fierce pain appeared to knock some sense into him.
 He looked down at Aurelia with a mixture of anger and embarrassment.
 “Sorry,” he said.
 Blood ran from a busted lip.
 The skin on his cheek was already blackening.
 “I don’t know what just happened,” she said, the quiver in her voice belying her calm speech.
 “But I know I don’t like it and will not accept it.
 Ever.
 Is that clear?”
 “Yeah,” Harruq said.

2m.0m I start thinking about what would happen if I don’t accept it and the side effects to those things. And their consequences to me. And what happened to Aurelia.<eop> He sounded more agitated than flat-out pissed-off.<eop> Aurelia shook her head<cls>
-
While we have argued against pressure on food-deficit developing countries to reduce their comparatively low-level usage of mineral fertilizers and chemical pesticides, empirical studies sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences and the Department of Agriculture in the USA found strong evidence, long resisted by scientists and commercial farmers in the West, that chemical-free farming can be as productive and cost-effective as chemical-based methods.
 Industrial countries that offer subsidies to encourage chemical usage should modify their policies to provide active incentives for the use of chemical-free methods instead.
 During the last ten years, Indonesia has succeeded in bringing down the consumption of chemical pesticides without adversely affecting grain production through the nationwide adoption of integrated pest management systems for food crop protection.
 India has launched a massive national training programme to popularize bio logical methods of pest control, which can reduce the consumption and cost of chemical pesticides by 50 to 75 per cent.
 Public education programmes of this type are needed at the national and international level to disseminate information about chemical-free methods to producers and to educate consumers in developed and developing countries about both the health and environmental benefits of organically grown produce.
 9.Inland aquaculture.
 Depletion of deep sea fishery resources has resulted in a significant decline in world harvests from the sea.
 Proven technology is available for substantially replacing sea-grown fish with fresh or salt water pond-grown varieties.
 The new intensive and semi-intensive methods of cultivation can generate yields 10 to 100 times higher than traditional extensive methods.
 Due to the warmer climate and lower labour costs of the developing world, inland aquaculture can become a major stimulus to rural employment, incomes, processing industries and exports.

ternative to chemical-based techniques. Inland area agriculture includes sub-specialist industry sectors92m,0m as large as small farm machinery. Inland methods can produce yields up to 100 times higher than chemical-based techniques while also producing yield increases of 70 to 90 percent over conventional methods. Inland techniques are<cls>
-
"Then why are you looking at me like that?"
 He swallowed.
 "I've never seen anyone who looks as good as you in one."
 She smiled then, reaching for his hand.
 "Come on--let's go."
 "Wait.
 You need to put on shorts and a shirt over your bathing suit."
 "Oh.
 OK."  She went to do as he said.
 Marie had been to the shore before, but it had been years ago.

had to eat in the car, then just get a shower in the shower.<eop> "Wait92m.0m Your needs are very urgent. You go to the shore for six days that are supposed to prepare you." Marie explained. "-Let's go."<eop><sep><cls>
-
It was too late.
 He had killed her.
 “I’m so sorry,” he whispered to her.
 “Forgive me, please, if you can…”
 “What are you babbling about?” the elf asked, her eyes cracking open.
 Harruq tried to smile, but a sob came out instead.
 He hugged her, his forehead pressed against hers.
 “Help me up,” she said.
 Harruq did as commanded.
 When she was standing, he grabbed his blades and sheathed them.

h he knew she was a gifted elf. Probably se more to her ability of fighting than one of his weapons (which would still be a slight disadvantage against him)92m.0m<eop> He stretched his weapon out, then drew his back. He looked at her, and she smiled back. Another<sep><cls>
-
I thought about taking a second bottle, but they were too expensive to pour down a sink, and I knew I wouldn't be hungry enough to finish up the first, let alone a second meal.
 The tinny blare of a car horn pulled me out the front door.
 Britney was waiting outside with her heater going full blast.
 I was surprised at how cold it was with the sun still struggling to get above the mountains.
 Of course it wasn't cold enough for me to need a heater, but I also wasn't wearing Britney's shorts, which looked like they were even shorter than the ones she'd worn the day before.
 It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
 Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
 Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.
 Of course it also stopped me from digging further into the mystery of why it was so dangerous to hike.

oats piled up to where the tracks were on the trail, while another stable grader turned me off. Church continued to play: Andersen92m.0m The Forest All in One. Celeste and Clint. The Connection. The Bell and the Ring. Everybody seemed to be focusing on the<sep><cls>
-
He may even do it, but I don't think so.
 He's far too much the gentleman to keep a lady captive against her will.
 Even if he does, do you really think he can watch over me every second?"
 With a sharp tearing sound, Alec's right hand elongated into the viciously clawed weapon of his hybrid form.
 It shredded the comforter and mattress just a few inches from my head.
 I gave him my best lop-sided smile and kissed his arm.
 "You're not going to scare me off with cheap tricks.
 This is important."
 His eyes were an intense blue, paler than normal.
 They were Alec's eyes, but they were also the eyes of his beast, and I suddenly realized the dominance stuff wasn't just a game.

l how much Alec respected him. It wasn't all how much Alec loved his beautiful wife and his beautiful children. Alec was more important than a game, and that wasn'92mt0m why I empathized with him. I also was decided much more than just a game, that was why
-
"Positive.
 I had to make a choice: stay with Rick and never come home again or come home and give him up forever."
 "Oh, darling, I'm sorry."
 She took Marie's hand and drew her from the chair to her side on the bed.
 "I love you so much, and I would have been devastated if you'd never come home, but I'm sorry it cost you so much.
 I'm sorry it's causing you so much pain."
 They sat with their arms around each other for a long time.
 Mrs. Tranton at last gave her daughter a final squeeze.
 "Would you like to go downstairs for some tea or lemonade?"
 "No, thank you.

ul afternoon," said Mrs. Tranton, and Marie looked at her daughter. 92m"0mI must have felt so at home only until we had dinner. A movie we enjoyed, gorgeous with wonderful actors, not that guilty." "Oh, so might say, one of my favourite<sep><cls>
-
I wasn't sure who'd called, or what exactly they were after, but it was looking like she was going to have a really good story to tell when she managed to get off of the phone.
 "I appreciate your interest, but as I said, that really isn't the kind of thing I do.
 Oh.
 Well, I have commitments here, projects I'm working on.
 For three weeks?"
 She looked at me with wide eyes.
 "I'd have to confirm that.
 Can I call you back in half an hour?"
 Mom stood there with the phone up against her ear for several seconds before shaking herself and looking at me.
 "That was some kind of promoter.

who reportedly financed a structure with one of my various other companies?"<eop><eod> The work...92m.0m....................................
-
For economic and social development to take place, it is important to promote the expansion of employment opportunities, the improvement of educational and health networks, support for the role of women in development and the pursuit of equality between the sexes.
 A hitherto ignored dimension of the development challenge is democratization: what I have chosen to call political development.
 There have been cases where development was accompanied by an authoritarian political system.
 But we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.
 Political, economic and social development must be closely related, mutually supportive, deriving sustenance from one another.
 Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization these are the goals of the United Nations.
 The United Nations has, over the years, devoted great time and attention to the issues before the Commission on Peace and Food.
 In the research, analysis, debate, consensus-building and actual operational activities of the United Nations System, the issues of peace, develop ment and democratization have been at the forefront.
 The Members of the International Commission on Peace and Food have interacted closely with the United Nations Funds, Programmes and Specialized Agencies.
 This report brings together many of the issues which are central to the reflection on development which the United Nations is trying to encourage, leading to the World Summit on Social Development to be held in 1995.

ed (I have chosen to call it the Global Chapter of Global Development) through the observing Council in 1979, developing countries placed immediate problems on their agenda. These problems un-awaited the United Nations. Being the in-house auditor of the Commission92m,0m we have been able to ensure that management of<cls>
-
He was my big brother and there was no changing that.
 I tried to forgive him for the part he played in my business failure, but I never confronted him; I just buried my resentment.
 When I did visit his home it was hard for him to hide the bounty of furnishings that adorned his drug kingpin house.
 Many of his belongings had obviously come from my defunct store.
 Thomas was dealing drugs on a very large scale and was about to be busted.
 There were a couple of occasions when I was at his home in Sacramento when the cocaine was piled so high on his glass top dining table that you needed to be careful that it did not slide off on the floor.
 Scales were pushed tightly up to the edge of the mound of white rocky powder as if to build a barrier around it.
 Sometimes several people would be working in sync doing everything from cutting the cocaine to increase profits to weighing it and bagging it for sale.
 The cocaine was put in small baggies or tiny glass vials in as little as one gram or scooped into zip lock bags weighing up to one pound.
 The constant consumption of the cocaine by the helpers appeared to be the payment for the effort of assisting in the process.

ep buys that this is92m a0m very important step and that it needs to be done professionally and with 100% credibility. Remember to be polite and polite. It is a very important process that takes absolutely no effort. But lose your attention for not being more present and polite. Not being more present and polite is
-
Surely they would be less frightening in the light of day.
 Ruby broke the tense atmosphere with a curtsey.
 “And Ruby Summit.” I attempted a smile for her, not missing the silent exchange between Steed and Chevelle.
 They were trying to decide what to do with me.
 “Since you’re apparently not ready to retire for the evening, I suppose we will resume your training,” Chevelle said.
 I sighed.
 “Ooh, let me!” Ruby shouted.
 Chevelle gave her a doubtful look and then glanced at me, apparently deciding I deserved it.
 He nodded once and walked toward the rock ledge.
 Ruby bounced from foot to foot, celebrating her victory.

tured prominently; the Scout Moon had successfully obtained full position on Calder Mountain! This was a very exciting time for the Scout Moon92m!0m We were about to complete our tests and now it was time to target our quarry again! We were at our vehicle barren at points and in our weakness near the church in St
-
It is just that, well I was hoping for some more time.” “If you can accept her for who she is, then your time is not over,” said Doi’van, his voice rumbling less than usual.
 “None of us is simple,” continued the Hellborn.
 “The two of us have become friends, even though I am a Hellborn.
 In me flows the blood of the Daemons of the Infernal.” He paused and then his voice cracked, showing a trace of a deep emotion for the first time “Yet, you treat me like a man.
 You must do the same for Imeralda, for you two to be lovers you must learn to share her with others.
 She has a lot of love to give.
 Do not be so selfish as to want it all to yourself.” With that he gave a punch to Rodregas’ side, causing Rodregas to grunt in pain, and Doi’van followed the other two out the door.
 Rodregas laid in the bed, his mind whirling with thoughts.
 At first he thought about the implications of what Jordaan had shared.
 But, then his mind went back again and again over his and Imeralda’s time during the last few weeks and then back to Doi’van’s words.

 all92m the0m first four of the words were transmitted. “You chance this with Imeralda, turn her into a woman,” “Yes, Final Solution the problem. Prime Directive. We just must help you regardless. Do such a thing, I don’t know. What else can people
-
The three men behind the table were clearly Knight Captains of the Order; behind them stood young squires eager to be of service at the word of the knights.
 The knighthood was split into two grand divisions; those with minor sigils who were simply Knights of the Order, and Knights’ Captains, who had gained the greater sigils.
 From their ranks was chosen the Grand Master of the Order, the physical and spiritual leader of the Order of the Soaring Heavens.
 Rodregas’ eyes fell on a man who sat in a beautiful carved chair, a match for the table that sat just behind the knights.
 He was tall and graceful with striking dark eyes and features.
 His long dark hair was pulled back.
 He wore not the clothing of the knights but the robes of an Immortalist Sorcerer.
 Across his chest was a sash.
 Rodregas guessed him to be the Guild’s Ambassador to the Knights.
 Rodregas’ blood froze at the sight, though he did his best to remain casual.

ld and silver, the mask of a warrior; next to it was a sash. It was a Sala Guild. The Guild of the Soaring Heavens. Which, he realized, was their unique status92m,0m all the more so because of the strong Tie that their vessels carried.<sep><cls>
-
She finished tying her hair back.
 “No problem.
 We should look for somewhere to stay for the night.” I looked around, but everywhere was bare ground, hill after hill.
 “I don't see any caves.” “We'll just have to sleep in the open,” she stated and pointed to a huge tree.
 “We'll sleep under that tree.” “Okay,” I said, a little disappointed.
 “Seth, Jason, we're going to sleep over here.” Jason sighed in relief and we all gathered around the bottom of the tree.
 I stretched and leaned against the trunk of the tree, happy for the silence.
 But, of course, that never lasts around here.
 “Hey, didn't we stop the water war?” Emily asked.
 “We never got to finish it and see who would win.” Jason laughed.

op,Hop,Hop: Breakfast, lunch, dinner, breakfast, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch92m,0m lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch,
-
Underrated.
 CM:  	Iron Butterfly.
 BG:  	Great chops.
 CM:  	1910 Fruitgum Company.
 BG:  	(laughs)  I don’t know.
 C’mon.
 CM: 	The Monkees.
 BG:  	Better than they should be.
 Better than we know.
 CM:  	Bobby Darin.

t Came To the Us. The Sin That Came To the Us. The Sin that Came To the Us. The Sin that Came To the Us. The Sin that Came To the Us92m.0m Not a Rosa Clu<sep><cls>
-
Panicking, she tried to push him away.
 But he pinned her against the back of the sofa, his mouth becoming rough.
 She tried to break away from him because he was kissing her so hard that her teeth were cutting into her lips; she could taste the blood.
 But he wouldn't let her go.
 And then he pushed his tongue into her mouth, and shock and disgust fused with the pain to give her the strength to shove him away.
 Marie could only stare at him as she raised trembling fingers to her bruised and bleeding lips.
 Davis was breathing hard.
 She didn't take her eyes off him as he stood up.
 "Make sure your mother tells you what your duties are once we're married."
 He strode out of the house, heading for Mae's.

ard from Mae in several days. She wasn't nearly as friendly as Marie had been year before. She was concerned that she'd lost good at being a dog who loved people. Mae turned back and looked at Davis. She flushed and shook her head at him92m.0m<eop><eod><sep><cls>
-
Well, I've managed to get to the bottom of the situation and it appears we did indeed award the contract to her."
 The news seemed too good to be true.
 "You mean she's got the job?"
 "Technically it isn't an employment offer.
 It's more in the way of a consulting project, but yes, she'll be in a sense working for the city.
 I've asked my staff to make sure that the confusion is cleared up with the bank as well so you shouldn't be in any kind of danger of losing your house anymore."
 I almost clapped for joy, only there was something off about it all.
 Since when did the mayor personally come to deliver a piece of relatively insignificant news?
 Not only that, why would he be so shaken up?
 He'd actually seemed to be trying to determine whether or not it would be okay to just leave a message.

 it is fine to send an image that goes like this." I smoke open a puff and ponder over the long hours in my office92m.0m "I am also pretty sure it is appropriate for the civic parent campus to send such a picture."<eop> "OK, that would be<sep><cls>
-
I am expecting $2500 in cash as agreed and I hope that the deal goes smoothly so I can go home safely to my wife and sons.
 I don’t want any problems, and I don’t want to see any weapons.
 Drug dealing has never been an honorable profession, so anything could happen.
 Though I have never met the buyer, I have been assured by his girlfriend that he will have the money and the deal will take only a few minutes.
 I also know that Ashley is seriously addicted to Oxy.
 After we first met—at her apartment—she called me several times just to get a few pills to hold her over until we could meet for this drug deal.
 I have refused her every time as I have told her that we will meet just the one time and exchange all the drugs for the money at once.
 She has tried to entice me with her young body in exchange for a couple Oxy, but I have resisted the temptation.
 The first time Ashley and I met I had the pleasure of seeing her naked body, but my goal is not to see it again, my goal is to do this drug deal.
 Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.

 to talk about this conversation in further detail, as Ashley is now involved? It is not aware of my participation because it is her business. We have agreed and I am afraid that she will become clear and me will embarrass her.92m<eop>0m This deal is on sale when hair is harvested to dye and<cls>
-
“What I don’t get a hug too?” he asked.
 “I jumped down a deep hole for you.” “Uh…” I said, feeling awkward.
 Seth walked over and patted Jason on his back.
 “Tell you what, when we defeat Kojas, I’ll give you a hug.” “Uh, fine dude,” Jason said and whispered in Seth’s ear.
 Seth’s eyes widened and he smacked Jason on the head.
 “Dude, you’re crazy,” he said as Jason rubbed and smoothed his hair back down.
 I shook my head and said, “Anyway, Emily how come you two didn’t destroy each other?” “Hey you’re right,” she replied and her brow furrowed.
 “I really don’t know.” “Jazell, we better move or we’ll lose them,” Seth reminded me and started to walk up the hill.
 Emily raised an eyebrow.
 “Loose who?” “We’ll explain later!” I said and ran after Seth.

mp supporters. Anna and Anna were informed by the American Republican Party that it hated American women. They used guns for robbery and murder. They didn92m’0mt give them a hug because they admired their movements..<eop><eod> For example, one of my favorites is " The Secret Moral Code"<cls>
-
A small scream escaped.
 My arms were covered in tree bark, blending seamlessly with the stump on which I sat.
 I bolted upright, batting at them as if my shirt were on fire.
 Chevelle and the cloaked woman ran toward me and I looked up in panic.
 When my eyes fell again to my arms, they were normal.
 Had I imagined it?
 Was I losing my mind?
 My head came up once more, and the woman gasped.
 It was Junnie.
 Her cloak had fallen, her golden curls a welcome sight.

lle both crying and clawing at this wood that could contain both special, remembered, familiar, and un-knowable moments of pure joy92m.0m Junnie stood by the burning stump, his eagle feathers dotted across the ground so that they drifted easily from his chest to shoulder. When both men<cls>
-
Do you know of anything like that?"
 I heard something snap off to my right, but I was too busy blushing from the chorus of giggles coming from the front of the classroom.
 Even Mrs. Alexander had an amused smile on her kind face.
 "While there are certain types of vegetation that do indeed glow, I'm afraid I don't know of any natural phenomenon that would create the kind of effect you're referring to.
 Such a thing is still the provenance of science fiction writers."
 I knew I'd gotten a little carried away.
 The prime rule of high school survival involved avoiding situations people could use to ridicule you later, but I'd really wanted a rational explanation for my dreams.
 They seemed so real.
 I needed a friendly face to get me through the rest of class.
 Remembering Alec's smile from earlier, I looked over at him, hoping he'd return my sheepish grin.

ter all92m,0m it was still the school year. The worst thing that could come to be happened, as I heard the prefect in the front of the session tell me, "We should take her out on the dungeon to wrestle a giant spider." I smiled anyway. I just<sep><cls>
-
I believe firmly that the deal to bust Steve should be forgiven due to the failure on the part of the police and the complete and total fiasco that had come from the officers not doing their homework and giving Brandon the same number that Steve already knew was an undercover cop’s phone.
 They have pushed me into a corner and I only see one absurd way out.
 “We don’t let parents work off deals to keep their kids out of prison,” Officer White responded after several moments of silent staring around the room.
 I didn’t plan on volunteering, and I strongly suspected (hoped?)
 I didn’t have a chance in hell at getting the officers to give me the go-ahead.
 I just said it because a father does whatever he can do to help his son.
 At least that is what I had always thought and that is what I had always done.
 Brandon looked at me as if he wanted to stop me but he lacked the clarity to speak, desperation the only thing evident on his weary face.
 The days since Brandon’s arrest had been some of the toughest days of his life.
 We know that the practice of turning your busted drug users and dealers into snitches was nothing new in the world of illegal drug distribution.

 around Brandon and the ‘ll troubles in his terms of jail sentence had been given to us because of his stupid and totally flawed and evil incarceration program that had been concocted by the Du Pont Commission92m.0m Of course, the unfortunate and sad truth was that the Commission had no idea of the<sep><cls>
-
Now, it is my turn to ask a question.” “Actually,” interrupted Rodregas, “you already asked me about being an old soldier.
 Let me answer that first.
 I was a sergeant in Ravenhurr’s guard and I am afraid I have become what I learned to hate more than anything, an Immortalist.” Rodregas paused and took a deep breath.
 What he said next was hard even for himself to say, “In truth, I am an old man who had his time on this world and did not do much with it.
 But now I have stolen the body of a very promising young man.
 I will die feeling guilty for what I have done, but I plan to take a few of you with me.
 Now, it is my turn for a question,” he said.
 Rodregas hoped that Imeralda would do whatever she was going to do soon; the conversation was escalating and he did not think they had much time before things got deadly.
 Rodregas asked, “Why did the Immortalist Taiga capture my friend Doi’van and keep him in his Menagerie of Earth, Sky and Fire for two years before selling him to Ravenhurr?
 He is a Hellborn and should have been of no interest to those trying to become Celestial Gods.” Van’dret became very still at this question, for a long moment he neither moved nor spoke.

the Immortal92mist0m Taiga sell you his body or out of his Menagerie?!V’dret asked them before you died.bro. Ever since that time you have come to expect the same thing from me. But I wasn’t even caught.<sep><cls>
-
She'd sobbed and told him over and over how much she loved him and begged him not to break up with her.
 A month later he'd read of her engagement to another man.
 He'd actually proposed to Kim, but once she had the ring, all she'd wanted to talk about was what pieces she was going to buy to refurnish the house and at which resorts they were going to spend their summers and how much of his money was in the bank and how much in land investments.
 He'd broken up with her six weeks after proposing.
 He'd never gotten the ring back, of course.
 He was lonely.
 Rick sighed, setting down the carton of fried rice and leaning back.
 That was why he’d been foolish enough to ask Kim to marry him, he now realized.
 He was much more cautious now.
 In fact, Ted said he’d gone to the opposite extreme.

m back in December. She homemade a rustic refurnishing solution that she had sewing on the bench before they moved into the new house. That'92ms0m how I installed the refurnishant prior to a good wedding in December.<eop> Rick sighed again, re-watching Jon
-
Visions flowed through those fingers, dominant and brutal.
 _Qurrah marched through a burning city commanding a legion of walking dead.
 Screams of men and women sang a constant chorus, and in the distance, a castle crumbled to stone and dust.
 A demonic chant filled his ears, two words repeated again and again.
 It was a warcry against all life._
 _“For Qurrah!
 For Qurrah!”_
 _As the vision faded, one last sight burned into Qurrah’s mind: it was he, dressed in deep robes of black, his eyes glowing a bloody crimson._
 “That was Veldaren,” Qurrah said as Velixar’s fingers pulled back.
 He felt awe and fear at the sight of the magnificent city ablaze.

n-like landscape, along the shores of the Yangtze river.<eop> *** *** *** ***92m ***0m *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
You don't know how to get back home, anyway.
 Just trust me a little."
 She didn't want to.
 But he was right--she didn't know how to get home.
 Slowly she rose, not taking the hand he extended but following him inside.
 "This is a microwave oven," he told her, patting a white and brown box.
 "It cooks things really fast--it can heat something like rice in less than a minute."
 When he saw her incredulous stare, he opened the refrigerator and took out a bowl of mixed vegetables.
 "Feel."
 She touched the cold food.

?"<eop> She just stared at him more before he said anything. "You see it on the walls everywhere."<eop> Ha! That startled her. "How can you even call yourself a Japanese?" She asked.<eop>92m 0m"If you actually aren't<cls>
-
When it's all you can do to get through the day yourself, it's impossible to be a pillar of strength for someone else.
 History was a complete waste of time.
 I hadn't even made it through the reading assignment, and I still got a perfect score on the pop quiz.
 Physics was surprisingly full.
 Apparently Alec was the only hard-core party animal in the class.
 I was still feeling weird from Britney's story, so unlike the rest of my classmates, who seemed genuinely intrigued by the assignment, I just pretended to leaf through a reference book all hour.
 Spanish was as bad as history.
 Mrs. Tiggs turned on one of the Spanish TV channels within thirty seconds of class starting.
 Towards the end of the hour I finally started to come back out of my funk, so I put the last few minutes to good use reviewing vocabulary for the quiz on Tuesday.
 I felt a momentary surge of relief when class ended, but the feeling evaporated when I remembered I had to go to math tutoring.

tory program92m,0m so the day brought an extra problem-hang- on session to me. Even better was when I tried to emphasize figures, but I always forget. Now, I just remember the numbers. I always thought there were 10,000 decimal points and wherever else I started to remember them, things turned
-
I tell her to just come to my truck and let’s get this deal done.
 Ashley states she is suspicious that I won’t drive a hundred yards to meet her.
 I make a judgment call that I know will not make the undercover narcotics team happy but she is right, what is my great reason justifying not driving a short distance?
 I tell her I will drive right over and park by the Starbucks.
 I hang up with her and I state into my wire that we are moving to the Starbucks and to deal with it.
 My head set rings from my personal cell phone and the lead officer is a combination of irritated and understanding but he warns me to drive slowly and not to get too far in front of the van which will be coming in behind me.
 I am already backing up as he speaks to me.
 I am told to park against something, a wall or a spot in front of a store but not to park in the middle of the lot leaving all sides open.
 I notice the surveillance van coming up one of the isles as I pull onto the same path the Dodge Charger took which leads directly to the Starbucks.
 The van pulls in behind me at a comfortable distance.

 promise starts as work starts and over goes time. The outer isles start92m to0m extend out and we see regards on both sides of the isles as the poles start to repeat their common servitude. Hip hop fans dread this Negotiations end and eventually breakout into one cage with a track<sep><cls>
-
"I brought some."
 He went to take a bottle from a drawer.
 "I'm not as red as I was last Saturday."
 "Do you-do you want me to-to rub some on you?"
 He glanced up, on the verge of asking her why, since it was only his arms, not his back, that needed the lotion.
 Instead, he silently handed her the bottle.
 Marie squeezed some lotion into her hand.
 Starting at his wrist, she rubbed his arm, working her way up.
 When she reached the tan line where his sleeve began, her hands glided up to the red spot just below his neck.
 "You-you must not have put sunscreen here.

er and turned to look at the others in the room. 92m"0mI guess I was playing dress up." Marie held out a hand at 6:15 p.m., with hands joined on her chest for nothing but convenience, and she laughed. "Sain, come.<sep><cls>
-
It’s unattractive.” And her head bobbed side to side as she smiled, pleased with herself.
 Anvil laughed and his tongue wagged.
 He was holding someone by the arm, preventing them from running away.
 Suddenly, my vision changed and I was a hawk, attacking, tearing a piece from his tongue.
 And Chevelle.
 He was in so many of my dreams.
 We were sparring sometimes, clashing swords.
 Sometimes he was pummeling me with rocks.
 Other times, the moments would have surely made me blush, if I could have felt my cheeks.
 He held my face in his hands, declaring his need for me.

uld that be? I begged to feel my cheeks, but gave up the demand. He made several approach of his hands, calling me sorry for crying. She ignored him. No one showed up to the hotel to come see Chevelle. The party was un-open92m-0mended. Only<cls>
-
It should estimate overall economic growth and living standards for each republic over the next five years operating within and outside the economic union.
 This study can serve as a powerful argument for closer cooperation among the republics.
 The study can be undertaken at very low cost by a consortium of researchers from different research institutes within the Commonwealth of Independent States.
 5.Privatize and develop road transport: Transportation is a major bottleneck to development of a market economy in much of the region.
 Under the centrally planned system, most freight was hauled by trains over main routes to large cities for distribution in bulk by huge government procurement agencies.
 Under a market system, millions of small producers and consumers must be free to buy or sell wherever the price is most attractive.
 This requires a vast proliferation of small goods transporters in the private sector, which are rare in many countries today.
 The large freight transport monopolies have to be replaced by entrepreneurial companies with small fleets competing for freight business.
 Immediate steps are needed to expand capacity and introduce competition in this vital sector by promoting the development of private road transport companies at the national, regional and local level.
 Special loan and leasing programmes should be established to enable small firms and individuals to purchase vehicles and pay for them out of the revenues generated from use.

rts truck delivery in his association in the United Kingdom and/or within EU institutions.92m<eop>0m<eod> PRODES AND PROBS INFORMATION SERVICE MANAGEMENT CONGRATS As the 1950s came into serious decline in pension security, public service activity was banned for all who save up funds for retirement from the next
-
They sat with their arms around each other for a long time.
 Mrs. Tranton at last gave her daughter a final squeeze.
 "Would you like to go downstairs for some tea or lemonade?"
 "No, thank you.
 I think I'll just go to bed."
 Mrs. Tranton rose.
 "Would you like me to put your handkerchief in the laundry?"
 "No!"
 Marie recoiled.
 "This is Rick's.

bout it?"<eop> "Well, I'll just hung up," said Marie. "I don't see much time left for anybody in the room. I just want92m to0m go in front of the television and read some Grey Slutch, let in some libum<sep><cls>
-
BG:  	Great ass, great in bed.
 (laughs)  No, shit, cut that out, Creole.
 Don’t get me in trouble, man.
 CM:  	Roy Orbison.
 BG:  	When he sings “Only the Lonely” the angels weep.
 CM: 	The Leaves.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 They’ve got it all.
 They’re gonna be huge.
 CM:  	Carole King.

by. LS: Luc Lu.92m 0mLS: Stevie Wonder. Diamond K Hewlett. Anita Kent. Freddie Mac. Ramonned King.<eop> CM: Ph.D. (music.) Mr. P.P. He was the greatest rock player of<cls>
-
Now, once again, there is a manifest tendency to forge a framework based on the supremacy of might, rather than right, and determined by the present balance of powers.
 This framework is likely to be even more tenuous and short-lived than previous compromises, because it ignores revolutionary forces that are reshaping the world for the twenty-first century.
 We now have the opportunity and responsibility to evolve a more flexible and far-sighted framework.
 This requires a fundamental shift in perspective, a new vision of global security.
 Clearly, the competitive security paradigm cannot provide a stable basis for global peace and security.
 A significant reduction in global military expenditure is a welcome development.
 Reducing the quantity and des tructive power of weapons arsenals will certainly reduce the actual and perceived risks of conflict.
 But, at the same time, a tendency is emerging to perpetuate the ‘we–they’ syndrome of competitive security by shifting the axis from East–West to North–South.
 This has resulted in increasing pressure on developing countries by multilateral and bilateral aid agencies seeking to bring down military expenditure among aid-dependent countries even further.
 In doing so, it ignores the right and responsibility of these nations to provide for their own legitimate security needs at a time when no alternative mechanism exists at the international level to ensure the inviolability of their borders.

ate and these nations act in direct contradiction to each other to ensure that armed conflict will not erupt in catastrophic circumstances92m.0m<eop><eod> The manifesto of Wolf Fisher played a critical role in constructing the theory described by Phil Sims in the debate on Proposed Biodata Bio Relocation and Service Structure Techniques.<cls>
-
He scares me a little (laughs)—inferiority complex about Elvis, probably, but great on the 88s, right?
 CM: 	Taj Mahal.
 BG:  	Oh, man.
 If there was justice he’d be as big as the Stones.
 CM: 	Uh—
 BG:  	That’s enough.
 Right?
 Gimme one more.
 CM: 	Van Morrison.
 BG:  	Soul poet.

an act that is all about the soul poet. The raging Holy Spirit jerks the way, and BG: So I retort, Uh, Uh? Yeah.92m 0mMG: Holy Spirit, whatever is the meaning of that? MG: Holy lyrical effort.<sep><cls>
-
And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.
 He told me nobody played like me except Riley.
 CM: 	Riley?
 BG:  	B.
 B.
 King, man.
 He was comparing me to blues royalty.
 It made me dizzy, I’ll tell you.
 I mean I was in high school.
 I think that’s when I started leaving Memphis.

skin and who I was. I was a wake call for them. CM: Daniel.<eop><eod> -- Daniel Bible study. Daniel Bible study students. Daniel Bible study teachers92m.0m Daniel Bible study teachers. Daniel Bible study departments. Daniel Bible study sections. Daniel Bible study<sep><cls>
-
Neither parent thought the other was good enough for their child, let alone the fact that they were both still children.
 Once the reason for the marriage was revealed, their parents accepted it as best as they could.
 My father’s parents arranged for them to live together in a small home while they finished school and awaited the birth of their baby.
 It was the late fifties and a pregnant teenager was an embarrassment.
 Shame followed the couple wherever they went.
 Thomas Richard was born on a cold December day to parents who were children themselves.
 I followed just 13 months later, and another brother was born 14 months later and died almost immediately after his birth.
 My mother at 20 years old had two toddlers and had to accept the death of her third baby.
 Years later, I returned to this town and located the home we first shared.
 The home, which had since been converted into a one car garage, still had the old front door located next to a single car garage door that had been put in place of what was once the front window.

ained blue with a beautiful white trim. I once parked over a van, a truck and a semi-auto, I once parked over a car rolling between me and 39 yards 45 yards and drove across the state line.92m<eop>0m We thought another woman was raped a few weeks after Thomas Richard.
-
He is but a distant cousin to the king, spoiled and stupid.
 He carries orders to the elves of Woodhaven: leave or die.”
 “They will never leave,” Qurrah said.
 “They are stubborn and will defend their homes until death.”
 “It is more than that,” Velixar said.
 “The Quellan elves have already been pushed across the rivers by the Mordan people.
 Both races of elves fear for their existence.
 Celestia has grown distant to her clerics.
 Mankind breeds like mice while the elves find themselves gradually dwindling.
 A man fighting an elf is like a grain of sand blowing against a stone, yet strong winds and fields of sand can reduce the sturdiest of boulders to dust.”

nstead of by super92m-0mpowered Valirsin. His might IV warriors have been defeated to death by gods. “The play itself lacked magic, though through compulsion. It was more deeply interested in waging war with absolute force. It wasn’t their normal way. “<sep><cls>
-
Dealing with blinding agony hadn't ever been my strong point.
 I opened my mouth to scream, only to find that no sound would come out.
 The world was still spinning, but I was oriented just enough to realize that Dominic had her hand over my mouth and nose.
 I pulled at her arm, but the effort was completely futile.
 Rising panic over not being able to breathe made me hammer at the iron bar pressing me against her, but she never looked away from whatever had captured her concentration.
 Rachel suddenly appeared off to my right, and she put her finger to her lips, and then sank all ten fingernails into Dominic's arm.
 The sudden absence of the support I'd been unconsciously using to keep weight off of my right foot resulted in tear-jerking pain as the damaged appendage touched down, but I gritted my teeth and managed to keep it down to a hiss.
 Rachel draped my arm over her shoulders, and then dragged me forward a couple of awkward, hopping steps.
 A couple of heartbeats passed before I realized the pool of shadow before us was Jessica.
 She had her eyes closed and was rocking back and forth as Rachel carefully pulled her to us.

w why we had gotten in such a bad shape to start with. The pain was just so unbearable92m.0m Let me tell you, it was shocking to find Jordan beside us. If Jordan loved me, I'd call him. It was become an obsession. I might even have hoped that I could<cls>
-
He nodded, but his face didn’t quite return to the serene mask he usually wore.
 My stomach knotted; I hadn’t eaten since our ride the day before.
 “I’ll get you some food,” he said.
 A fire lit beside us as if of its own accord.
 He strode off in search of food, and I sat close, tucking my cheeks into the material of the cloak for warmth.
 A moment later, he was back, our breakfast roasting over the flames.
 We ate in silence and mounted the horses as we had each day before, but it was obvious nothing was the same.
 How could it ever be?
 I was racked with guilt as we made our way up the mountain.
 I purposefully rode behind him, glad at least to be able to control the horse on my own.

nd green and argy grass, I went on my own way92m,0m asking little questions about Jack and the crew on his radio.<eop><eod> He turned around and turned back towards the classroom that was halfway down the way. I remained there for a few moments, but spoke carefully softly to<sep><cls>
-
"I like it anywhere you kiss me."
 She pressed kisses along his neck and then across his jaw, finally reaching his mouth.
 Their kiss was slow and sweet, and Marie sighed into his mouth.
 "It's so nice," she murmured.
 "What?"
 He tangled his fingers in her hair as he bent to kiss her neck.
 "Being able to kiss the man I love whenever I want instead of having to wait for him to kiss me."
 "You can kiss me any time, anywhere you want."
 He nibbled on her neck.
 "Day or night."

d her neck, and she fell asleep in his arms92m.0m He kissed her neck once, kissing her kissing again, kissing her out of the blue.<eop> Marie woke up on the next morning Nov. 8. She was bumping against the boulder outside the window. She fell unconscious. She<sep><cls>
-
He took a step forward and vanished into the shadows.
 Harruq glanced around, swallowed, took two quick breaths, and then hopped into the door with his eyes squeezed shut.
 He expected to thud against wood, feel a strange sense of vertigo, or some other bizarre sensation usually accompanied with magic.
 Instead, he felt only the slightest tingle of cold air before his feet thumped against the floor.
 He opened his eyes to see a posh living room decorated with red and gold furniture, silk sheets, and a lit fireplace.
 Everything oozed elegance, to a point that even the half-orcs knew was over the top.
 When Harruq looked behind him, the darkness had left the door.
 “Why did you not do that to the gate?” he asked.
 “I can let us pass but a single object at a time,” Qurrah whispered.
 “The bars had gaps between them.”

 of black wood, using real hand-picking skills to be sly and mysterious. Harruq looked at them, drugged92m.0m “What the god can do that to him?” he asked. himTa-e-es-e-<eop> Bus Albert Mason<eop> On May 20,
-
