Three Plays Published by Mike Suttons at Smashwords Copyright 2011 Mike Sutton ISBN 978-1-4659-8486-9
Tripping on Nothing
Character 1 (male) Character 2 (female) Doctor 2 Uniformed Guards
Character 1 standing downstage-center, performing the audience through a monologue.
Over acting the part he’s doing with all his heart.
Dressed in casual clothes that one might wear around the house Saturday morning.
Various pieces of living room furniture sit about the stage.
Character 1- And what doth the ravens say to my ear whilst I sleep.
And the cows do moo and the Asses bray.
Yet as I dance in the rain and do weep, Yonder figure turns to walk away.
(speaks directly to the audience)What say you my good dear man?
Dost the line and verse drive one to the ends of emotional rationality?
Yes as I did think, and so I thought.
For like a duck walking backwards into a frozen stump, so does the muse speak her inspiration to the heart of the play-write… and as the muse speaks it, so do I perform it.
I hope you all do so love the theatre and the way of verse that you be willing to help with financial donations.
(motions to a hat on the floor and smiles broadly)
Enter Character 2 from behind Character 1…She looks at him in confusion as he continues to address the audience.
Character 1- Shall I do some more?
Pauses, listens.
Oh yes, I know the perfect piece…is anyone familiar with the work of ‘Jim Carey’?
Character 2- Um….what are you doing?
Character 1- Turns around… I’m performing for these wonderful people.
To the audience.
You’re a great group folks!
Character 2- There…There’s nobody out there dear.
This is your living room.
Character 1- Well of course there’s people there, they’re right there (points at the audience) I’ve been doing this for well over two hours strait, and they’ve been enjoying it and tipping quite well might I add (Indicates a up-side down hat, with a tips sign, on the floor at the edge of the stage).
Character 2- (walks over to the hat and picks it up, and turns it over) There’s no money here, its empty.
Maybe ‘they’ haven’t enjoyed it as much as you thought they were.
Character 1- (to the audience) You ungrateful swine, I poor myself out up here on stage for you and this is all I get?
Nothing!
I was lying when I said that you were a great group, you’re really a buncha idiots who couldn’t tell what humor was if it came up and bit them in the ass…
Character 2- (gently grabs character 1 and turns him to face her) Have you been taking your medicine lately?
The doctor said that you had to take the pills every day.
Character 1-  (nervously) Of course I’ve been following orders (laughs).
Watch, I’ll take one right now for you (pulls a tic-tac box out of his pocket and eats several.
As he is chewing them) See?
Delicious!
In fact I can feel it working at this very moment.
God I feel good.
Fantastic weather we’re having!
So how was your day?
Character 2- That was a tic-tac box wasn’t it.
What are you trying to pull?
The weather is terrible, and my day was ok.  You’re supposed to take your medicine.
Character 1- Ummmmm….Errrrrr…Yes well, that is to say…Ahhhh.
That was a tic-tac box, yes, but I was only eating them as a symbol of my medicine.
You know, don’t want to overdose or something and all that.
Character 2- (grabs his ear and drags him towards the exit) That’s it, we’re going to see the doctor again!
Character 1- But….But….Ouch, that hurts!
(Both characters exit)
Psychologist’s office with 1 chair and a couch.
The doctor is sitting in the chair looking over some notes on a clipboard when Character 2 drags Character 1 in by the ear and leaves him.
Doctor – (in a cheap German accent) Velcome mister Bond.
It is good to see you again (laughs evilly)
Character 1- Ummmm, am I in the right place?
Doctor- But of course Mister Bond, and you’re just in time for our little fun, ya?
Guards!
(Guards enter in unison)
Guards- Ya-Ho Mein Doctor!
Doctor- seize him!
(A pair of uniformed guards enter and grab character 1)
Character 1- (panicing) I think there has been some sort of mistake!
I’m not Mister Bond, and I’m not here to have fun.
I’m just here to get my head examined, and get some pills.
Doctor – (looks at the papers on the clipboard) Ah yes, my error.
Guards leave us(Guards exit).
Please have a seat, and make yourself at home.
Would you care for some tea?
(Character 1 shakes his head after he has sat in the couch) Well too bad, it is really quite good-tasting stuff.
Now I guess we get down to business.
Tell me about your mother.
Character 1-  About my mother?
I really don’t know where to start..
Doctor – Well just start where you feel you must.
Character 1- ah were to start, were to start, were to start….
Doctor – (Yells) Shutup and talk!
Character 1- (jumps in surprise) ah yes, well, errr….my mother was a hippy back in the 60s and 70s, and she had a drug habit a mile wide.
She was addicted to hard stuff by the time me and my sister were born.
And she eventually passed on her addictions to us in one degree or another.
Let me just say that being an asprin junkie at the age of 6 is a low point in my life, but I’m extremely proud to have beaten it.
Well as a kid she used to scare my sister and me with horror stories about the Republican Party and conservatives in general, with the stories about rush Limbaugh being the worst of the lot.
In fact it wasn’t until just a couple years ago that I could watch a speech by one of their number without wetting myself and shaking in fear.
But onto other things well she always was a wonderful cook, with mushrooms and brownies being her specialties, we had those a lot, when there was enough to eat anyways.
We were poor but happy, often mother would make us clothes out of flowers and stuff, they were colorful and pretty during the summer and they smelled real good.
But when winter came we would be real cold and sometimes our clothes would fall off, which was real bad when we were away from home trying to make some money to help support us.
Doctor – (really into drawing on one of the papers on the clipboard and not really paying attention)  (speaks periodically throughout Character 1’s monologue without looking up) Zat is very interesting!
Fascinating!
Character 1- Well and then there was father…I never met him personally, but mother said that he was hard at work at his job of making license plates for the state, and from time to time she would point one out and say ‘kids, your father might have made that one’ or some other such thing, it wasn’t until I was sixteen that I found out that dad was in prison as a serial jay-walker and general public nuisance.
(notices the doctors obsession with the drawing)  Um what are you doing?
Doctor – (startled) I am writing notes on your fascinating case, it’s a thing that we doctors do you know.
Ya, we doctors write notes all the time, in fact I am writing them now.
Character 1- (reaches for the clipboard) May I see the notes?
Doctor – (slaps the incoming hand, and clutches the clip-board to his chest) Nein!
These are confidential, and, uhhhh, it would violate the doctor-patient relationship if I allowed you or anyone to see them.
Character 1- Oh, sorry about that, well shall I take up where I left off?
Doctor – yes, please do.
It says here that you talk to and perform for an imaginary audience in your living room.
Please go into that.
Character 1- Uhh yeah….they just show up and I perform for them for tips, it helps pay the rent.
And it’s a lot of fun too.
Beats working at McDonalds.
Doctor – (stifles a giggle) You realize that is crazy ya?
How do you expect an imaginary audience to give you tips?
What do they use monopoly money?
(finally laughs out loud at his/her own joke)  I mean do you use their money to rent Boardwalk?
Character 1- (looks a little hurt)ummm, no they use real money…its just that most banks wont take such large bills as I get…uhhhh I was kinda wondering….
are you from Germany?
Doctor – No I am not from Germany
Character 1- Austria then?
Doctor – Not Austria either.
Character 1- Some other Country in Europe maybe?
Doctor – I was born and raised in Chicago.
Character 1-  Then why are you speaking with a German accent?
Doctor –(drops the German accent) Because you people expect a psychiatrist to speak this way dammit!
Why can’t you accept me for me?
(leaps from the chair and runs offstage while bawling)
Character 1- (Shrugs his shoulders) After I found out that dad was really a convict, I found myself wanting to know more about him, so I started spending time near the local jails….
(hears character 2 approaching and leaps behind the couch)
Character 2- (enters the stage) Ok, where are you?
Are you quite proud of yourself?
You made yet another Doctor run screaming into the night.
And you didn’t even get any drugs this time.
Oh the things I have to go through to keep you sane.
Where are you?
Come out from hiding this instant!
(wanders around stage looking for Character 1 until she finds him behind the couch)
Character 1- (Jumps up upon being found and trys to leap over the couch to escape) I didn’t do anything, the doctor was a lunatic.
He/She spoke with a fake German accent for no reason, and didn’t let me see the notes that he/she was taking.
I don’t feel much better at all, but I did get to talk about mommy, she’s such a saint.
Character 2-  (grabs his ear and drags him off stage with her) You are such a pain, no sex for you tonight!
Character 1- But I didn’t do anything!
Back in the living room.
The hat is once again in its place at the front of the stage.
Character 1 is standing at the front of the stage addressing the audience again.
Character 1-  Folks, before I begin tonight’s performance, I would like to request that you make any donations that you can spare to the continued operation of this theatre, and to keeping the entertainment you are about to receive at the highest quality as is possible.
(smiles at ‘someone’ standing over the had with a donation)  Thank you sir, your generosity is greatly appreciated by both myself and these other fine folks in the audience.
Now without further adieu, let the show begin.
(begins to sing an off-key rendition of the song ‘feelings’) (Some time into the song, he stops, looks around and runs for the couch, where he picks up the book ‘how it ought to be’ by Rush Limbaugh)
Character 2- (Comes in and sees Character 1 reading the book) I thought I told you not to read horror stories before you go to sleep, it always keeps you up into the middle of the night whimpering, and I’m sick of trying to sleep with the light on.
Character 1- (laughs weakly) I only just began a little while ago honey, no worries, I’m not scared at the moment at all.
(Another weak laugh)  Besides, I’m almost done here, why don’t you go to bed, I’ll catch up in a few minutes after I finish this chapter.
Character 2- (nods for a moment until she sees the hat on the floor) Have you been performing again?
Character 1- NO!
You said you didn’t want me to, so I haven’t.
I would never dream of disobeying!
Character 2- Then why is the hat on the floor like that?
You were performing again….
Character 1- No, I wasn’t performing again, honestly!
Character 2- Then why is your tip hat there?
hmmmmm?
Character 1- Uhhhhhh….
I threw it there, I was playing a game… great game… with rules too complex to explain… but I got tired of playing, so that’s where I left it…
Character 2- Don’t lie to me!
How many times have I told you that the audience doesn’t exist?
You’re supposed to take your medicine, you know that!
Then you’d stop having these little flights of fancy.
THE AUDIENCE DOES NOT EXIST, ITS FAKE, NOT REAL!
Wake up!
Now go to bed!
I’ll be along in a few minutes, and then we’ll talk.
Oh, I have a headache.
(Character 1 cowers, and runs off stage hunched over)
Character 2- (turns to the audience) And you, how many times have I told you to stop encouraging him.
I’ve been trying to get him to go out and get a real job, and here you are asking him to do his little song and dance routines for you.
And you’re cruel enough to let him believe he’s actually any good as a performer.
God the nerve!
I don’t ever want to see any of you again in our living room!
Now get out of here before I call the police!
(stalks off after Character 1)
Awake
Greg; Male mid 20s Cindy; Female mid 20s
Cindy standing as if waiting for a bus when Greg walks up and strikes up a conversation.
Both are dressed for a nice summer day.
Greg: hi
Cindy: hello
Greg: nice day
Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.
Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
Greg: that’s a shame, what do you do?
Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
Greg:  Sounds like you really love what you do, that’s fantastic, I wish I were so lucky.
Cindy:  really, what do you do?
Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.
Cindy:  Really?
Have you ever met him?
Greg:  Who?
Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
Greg:  Uh…no…
Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
Greg: no, I’ve never met him…he doesn’t hang around with the likes of me, I’m just a lowly peon ya know, just a burger flipper.
Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
(flirts)I would really appreciate it.
Greg: Uh yeah, sure, if I ever meet him I’ll get his autograph for you.
Errrr, when I get it, how will I contact you and let you know?
Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
Greg:  what’s your phone number?
Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
Greg:  Thanks, I’ll get right on this.
Cindy:  How sweet of you.
Well I have to go now my bus is here.
Bye!
(walks off stage.
Greg heads in the opposite direction)
Cindy is standing outside as if waiting for the bus…wearing the same clothing as before.
Greg is in slightly different clothes.
Greg: hi
Cindy: hello
Greg: nice day
Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.
Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
Greg: that’s a shame, what do you do?
Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
Wait a minute… haven’t we met before?
I swear we’ve had this conversation before, and you look very familiar
Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
Greg:  Ummm, hello?
Cindy:  really, what do you do?
Greg:  Are you listening to me?
Hello?
Cindy:  Really?
Have you ever met him?
Greg:  (looks around in a confused manner)
Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
Greg:  Are you feeling ok?
(waves his hand in front of her eyes)
Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
Greg:  You’re not a robot are you?
Or one of those body snatcher creatures from those movies…
Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
(flirts) I would really appreciate it.
Greg: …It doesn’t matter.
Just don’t hurt me.
I’ll be an obedient human slave!
Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
Greg:  Oh sweet mother of Loki, why did this happen to us?
(Sinks into despair)
Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
Greg:  Huh?
What’s this?
Oh yeah, thanks, just don’t hurt me.
Cindy:  How sweet of you.
Well I have to go now my bus is here.
Bye!
(walks off stage)
Greg:  Is this the twilight zone or something?
I wish I would have watched that show more often, then I would know what to do now.
God why couldn’t I have been more forward thinking?
Why did I have to waste all that time watching car racing when I could have been preparing?
Why was I so blind?
(Gets up and stumbles off stage)
Cindy is waiting for the bus.
Still dressed in summery type clothing.
Still smiling and enjoying the weather.
Greg walks up to her, looking unkempt and hunted.
Greg: I’ve seen every episode of the twilight zone now.
Cindy: hello
Greg: I still haven’t been able to find the announcer.
Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
Greg:  Are you kidding?
That man isn’t good looking at all.
Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
Greg: Well at least we’re not in black and white.
Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
Greg: I mean, the total lack of color would be over the top.
Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
Greg:  But then being back here over and over is enough.
Cindy:  really, what do you do?
Greg:  I must be going crazy.
Cindy:  Really?
Have you ever met him?
Greg:  How could I be sure though.
Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
Greg:  Maybe it’s the world that is going crazy.
Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
Greg: And I’m the only sane one left.
Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
(flirts)I would really appreciate it.
Greg: But wouldn’t that make me crazy?
Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
Greg:  Damn paradoxes.
Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
Greg:  I wish I paid more attention in that philosophy class I had, or at least to Star Trek.
Cindy:  How sweet of you.
Well I have to go now my bus is here.
Bye!
(walks off stage.)
Greg: They always seem to solve problems like these in Star Trek.
Summery once again, Cindy is wearing different clothes, Greg is wearing the same thing that she’s in.
Greg: So I’ve seen every episode of all of the Star Trek series.
Cindy: hello
Greg: I still have no idea what’s going on.
Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
Greg:  But I figure, if you can’t beat them, join them.
Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
Greg: that’s why I’m wearing this!
Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
Greg: I was going to wear some makeup.
Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
Greg:  But I couldn’t find a lipstick that matches my complexion.
Cindy:  really, what do you do?
Greg:  Actually I did find a lipstick that matches my complexion, I just didn’t want to go that far yet.
Cindy:  Really?
Have you ever met him?
Greg:  How do you stand to wear these clothes?
Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
Greg:  I mean the underwear they ride.
Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
Greg: And the bra, wow is it confining.
Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
(flirts)I would really appreciate it.
Greg: Do these shorts make my butt look big?
Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
Greg:  I mean bigger than usual.
Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
Greg:  Man this thong is riding.
I have got to get out of this place.
Cindy:  How sweet of you.
Well I have to go now my bus is here.
Bye!
(walks off stage.
Greg heads in the opposite direction)
Cindy is wearing the same.
Greg comes in dressed as a pink Easter bunny, basket and all.
Greg: hi
Cindy: hello
Greg: nice day
Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.
Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
Greg: that’s a shame, what do you do?
Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
Cindy:  (finally can’t take it anymore) What the hell is wrong with you?
Greg: Huh?
Cindy: Are you trying to get us into trouble?
Greg: What?
Cindy: Why are you wearing that?
Greg: What happened to you?
Cindy: What do you mean?
Greg: Well you’re not prattling on about clowns.
Cindy: That’s my job.
Greg:  I know, you’re a rodeo clown.
You keep telling me.
Cindy: my job is to talk about clowns, not be one.
Greg:  What?
Cindy: Why are you dressed in a bunny suit?
Greg: You like it?
I think the fluffy tail makes my butt look big.
Cindy:  No I don’t like it.
Greg: Why not?
Cindy:  I don’t like the fact that you’ve been doing a terrible job reciting your lines.
Greg:  What lines?
Cindy:  We don’t improvise, the creator doesn’t like it.
Greg:  What creator?
Cindy: What do you mean?
Greg: I’m confused.
Cindy: That’s obvious.
Greg: Who is the creator and what doesn’t he like?
Cindy: She like!
Greg:  She like?
Cindy:  The creator is the one who gives order to the universe.
The creator likes us all to play their part.
Greg:  What part is that?
Cindy:  For me I pretend to be a rodeo clown.
Now get back to your part.
Greg:  Why though?
Cindy: So you don’t make the creator angry.
Greg:  I don’t want to be a grill jockey at mc Donalds anymore.
Cindy:  What?
Greg: I mean, what other wonderful things am I capable of?
Cindy:  In that outfit?
Nothing.
Greg:  I thought it was cute.
Hey, do you want to go out some time?
Cindy: What?
Greg: I mean I already have your phone number.
Cindy:  That’s it I can’t work under these conditions.
Storms off the stage.
Greg:  Shall I call you later?
Greg shrugs and exits the stage
Cindy is standing in her spot, Greg enters limping,  wearing a torn up and abused bunny suit.
His hair is mussed up and he’s dirty.
Greg:  Hi.
Cindy: What happened to you?
Greg: nice day
Cindy:  You’re a mess.
Greg:  I don’t really want to talk about it.
Cindy:  What happened?
Greg: I was hit by a bus.
Cindy: you look like it.
Greg:  Well it dragged me along behind it for a while.
Cindy: ouch.
Greg:  I really don’t want to go into work today, wish I could skip.
Cindy:  I’ll bet, have you gone to see a doctor yet?
Greg:  that’s a shame, what do you do?
Cindy:  Hmmm?
Oh!
I’m a professional rodeo clown.
Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
Greg:  Sounds like you really love what you do, that’s fantastic, I wish I were so lucky.
Cindy:  really, what do you do?
Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.
Cindy:  Really?
Have you ever met him?
Greg:  Who?
Cindy:  I can’t do this anymore.
You should really go see a doctor.
Greg:  Maybe, I think I look worse than I feel.
Cindy: Even if that is true, you look terrible.
Greg: Thanks a lot.
no, I’ve never met him…he doesn’t hang around with the likes of me, I’m just a lowly peon ya know, just a burger flipper.
Cindy:  I’m serious.
You should get checked out.
Greg: Shouldn’t we finish this first?
Cindy:  There are more important things than work.
Greg:  I guess.
Where is the nearest hospital?
Cindy:  I’ll go with you.
Greg:  Thanks.
Cindy:  Where did you get that silly suit anyway?
They exit the stage together arm in arm, though he is leaning on her slightly.
A Sad State of Affairs
Jim Trelain
Liz Straun
Eugene
Johnny Trelain
Arthur Trelain
Karen Smith
Cleo Straun
Ned
Crowd at the Gallery
Scene1: Setting:  Late summer, around the end of July the beginning of August.
Basement, furnished as a basement family room type area.
A couple older family couches and a television as well.
Some ratty old carpet on the floor.
The stairs leading to the basement are behind the curtains off stage.
Late morning on a Saturday.
Jim is relaxed in one of the couches, rereading the newest edition of his favorite comic book when Eugene walks in.
Eugene – Hey Jim
Jim – Sup gee dawg!
Eugene – Not a whole lot…you?
Jim – Nuthin here yo!
Eugene – Jim, is Art back yet?
Jim – Not yet, why do ya ask?
Eugene – I need to talk to him about something.
Jim – Well he should be back later today, he was planning on making the opening of Liz’s show.
Eugene (sits down on the other couch and sighs) Thanks, I’ll catch him then.
(Pause) Are you still reading that stupid comic book?
Jim- Damn strait!
Sumo Assassin kicks ass!
And I’ll thank you not to call it stupid.
Eugene – It’s the dumbest concept for a comic book ever.
A Sumo wrestler who fights for the forces of good as a vigilante by killing bad guys, and also making some money while he’s at it.
And his sidekick, Toothpick…what a dork, Toothpick is like the most useless sidekick ever.
Jim – You just fear the mad sumo skills.
And it’s Skinny, Sumo Assassin’s sidekick is named Skinny.
You also forgot about the sumo-mobile, anybody who drives a steam roller with a built in jet engine has my loyalty for life.
Besides Skinny has great super abilities, he can slip into places that Sumo can’t go.
Not to mention he’s a master of disguise, he can speak 12 languages fluently and women dig him because he is a master on the dance-floor.
Eugene – The Sumo-mobile is just a cheap rip-off of the bat-mobile.
The entire story is about a famous millionaire sumo wrestler turned vigilante.
“Wrestling for the honor of the downtrodden.”  What the hell were they smoking when they came up with that one?
And Twiggy?
No chicks would ever like him, he weighs 50 pounds, chicks like guys with big muscles.
Then there’s his hair, did he stick a finger in a light socket?
And don’t forget that Pig Latin and Klingon don’t count real languages.
When he does say something it’s usually so pointless and offensive that any chicks who might have managed to overlook his bizarre hair and lack of physical mass would be so insulted that they would probably try to kill the annoying little bastard.
Jim – Don’t even compare Batman to Sumo Assassin!
Batman is a weakling in a stupid costume with some gizmos, without his gizmos he’s just a loser in tights.
All Sumo Assassin has to protect him from his enemies are, his Sumo Loin Cloth, and his Sumo Fighting Skills.
They’re all he needs.
Hell the loincloth isn’t even bullet proof.
On top of that the Sumo-mobile can outrun the Bat-mobile any day of the week, not to mention the fact that its solar powered so its earth friendly.
Eugene – And what pray tell were Slim’s other powers?
Oh yeah that’s right, he can eat all he wants and not gain a pound.
Wooooooooo, damn the bad guys must be quaking in their boots at Slim’s eating disorder.
Wonder if they’re all afraid of getting vomit on them…
Jim – Skinny is the comic relief.
If the entire thing were just Sumo fighting, and killing his enemies, it would get kind of boring, so they have someone to laugh at.
Skinny’s other job is to distract the bad guys while Sumo Assassin charges up his Super Sumo Slap Attack.
And last but not least, Skinny is there to make sure that Sumo gets his money’s worth when they go eat at a buffet.
Eugene – (laughs) They’re the dumbest pair of heroes ever.
Jim (goes back to reading his comic book, till something occurs to him) Gene, is there something wrong?
You haven’t acted like a gangster in the last two minutes, you feeling sick or something?
Eugene – I gave up being a gangster last night.
Jim – Huh?
What for?
Eugene – It just didn’t feel right.
Jim – (grinning) You got your ass kicked again didn’t you?
Eugene – Nobody kicked my ass, it just wasn’t really me.
Jim – So, who beat you up?
Was it that group of wannabe gangsters that you were trying to join?
Or was it a real gang?
Eugene – Nobody Kicked My Ass!
I’m just not a gangster at heart, it’s not the right way to go.
Not enough evil.
I want a more sophisticated evil.
Jim – They must of really beat you down, I haven’t seen you change that fast since that time you….
Eugene – I didn’t get my ass kicked!
Jim – Didja run away or cry and beg for mercy this time?
Eugene – I ran, buncha assholes that they were, wanted to hit me with baseball bats and stuff.
That isn’t what I wanted.
I just want people to be afraid whenever they hear my name mentioned, why weren’t they quaking in their boots?
Jim – Hate to break it to you, but Eugene doesn’t inspire fear into anyone.
Well maybe girls who might one day marry a guy with the name Eugene.
In fact I bet mom’s all over the country use that as a threat ‘eat yer peas or else maybe you’ll end up marrying a guy named Eugene.’  I bet it works too.
I’d be afraid.
Eugene - Shut up dude.
Jim – So, what’d you do to get your butt almost handed to you this time?
Eugene – Nothing.
Jim – Even wannabes don’t usually beat people up for no reason.
What’d you do this time?
Didja make a pass at one of their sisters?
Like…
Eugene – No, I didn’t do anything.
Jim – Didja use the wrong gang hand-signs again?
Like that time when you told those kids that you were a member of the northern-southeastern-side bloody gangsta hood lords…
Eugene – I didn’t use and hand signs.
Jim – That was funny, it took em 5 minutes to put all those signs together and realize what you said.
When they finally did, I thought they we’re gonna die laughing.
And then you turned that dark red color and ran off.
And then they laughed even harder.
Eugene – I didn’t use any hand signs damnit.
Jim – I know, you used your cache of ‘your mamma’ jokes on em.
Am I right?
Come on, am I right?
Your momma is so fat she eats Wheat-Thicks!
That would have done it.
Eugene – No, I didn’t call their mom’s anything, cut it out damnit, I didn’t do anything to make them angry.
(gets up and paces a bit, rubbing his hands through his hair, or some other sort of nervous/annoyed action)
Jim – Since it wasn’t something you said…you must have worn your McDonald’s uniform for gang colors again.
Eugene – It should have worked, people just don’t seem to understand how tough you have to be to work there.
The heat, the humiliation, the fact that you work for a clown.
It’s a dangerous job.
The uniform should inspire fear and respect in all who see it.
I was even wearing my visor backwards!
Jim – (laughs) you only worked at McDonald’s for 3 weeks before you quit.
Eugene – That’s longer than you lasted janitor-boy, you only made it for like 30 minutes before you quit.
(Liz walks in)
Jim – I only applied cause you were working there.
One look at those bathrooms after that group of frat boys stopped in was enough for me.
I thought that I had seen some nasty things at school, but that was…
Eugene – I’ve seen it… (both of them suppress a shiver)
Liz – Hey Geney, where’s your ‘gangsta’ gear?
I’m surprised you don’t have it with you, since you spent so much money on it.
Jim – Didn’t you hear?
Gene’s not a gangsta any more.
He tried impressing some other gang-banger wannabes and they kicked his ass…
Eugene – They didn’t kick my ass.
Liz – What didja do?
Throw around the gang signs like that one time we ran into those real gang members?
Remember that Jim?
Jim – Yeah, it was one of the funniest things I ever saw.
Almost as good as that time that Gene…
Eugene – Gahhhhh (gets up and walks swiftly out) I’m outta here.
Gotta go find me someone who appreciates, and understands my-evil-self.
Jim & Liz (Giggling) Seeya around grand master gee dawg Eugene!
Liz – What a goofus.
Jim – He’s never gonna change, always gonna have those delusions of being an evil overlord or something.
Liz – Evil overlord!
Hah!
He’s about as evil as Mr. Rogers.
And he spends way too much time in the Land of Make Believe talking to little hand puppets.
Jim – Well, there was that one time where he threw those water balloons at Mr. Svinvali down the street.
Liz – he didn’t get within 10 feet of the old man, and he was off and running before the single water balloon that he actually threw was halfway too his target.
He’s a wimp, and a poor shot.
He always runs out of courage before he achieves his goal of becoming ‘evil’.
Jim – It was pretty funny when Mr Svinvali caught up with him.
It’s a good thing that he didn’t tell Eugene’s father though, that was a relief, especially after the last time Gene’s dad found about one of his little adventures.
Ah shit…
Liz – …so that’s why Eugene was in the hospital for that entire week.
He always claimed that he fell down the stairs to his basement, oh God, I teased him about it, I feel so bad.
Jim – I wasn’t sposed to say anything, he’s gonna be pissed.
Liz – what happened?
Jim - Technically he did fall down the stairs.
But his dad was the one who kicked him and made him fall.
He pretty much moved in here ever since that happened, I don’t think he’s been home since for more than five minutes at a time.
And never when his dad is home.
Liz – Why don’t the police do anything about it?
We should have that bastard arrested.
Jim – Eugene won’t press charges.
He only ever says that he tripped.
He’s been doing it since he was a kid.
You know him, he won’t fight, no matter how he pretends at being evil.
He always finds a way to wiggle out of trouble.
Usually.
Liz – who else knows about this?
Jim – Just me and my dad.
Even Johnny doesn’t know, which I guess is a good thing, maybe, I don’t know if Johnny would give Eugene an easier time if he did know.
Johnny’s temper has been bad since mom and dad divorced.
Liz – Poor Eugy, he’s such an imaginative sweet guy, even though he’s a goof most of the time.
Even with his ‘evil plans’.
Jim – Just don’t let on that you know, he’s really embarrassed by it.
I wasn’t sposed to tell anyone in the first place.
I don’t think he would forgive me any time soon if he found out.
Just don’t say anything about it, no matter what, please.
Liz – Ok ok, I won’t say anything, but I think we should still press charges against his father.
Jim – There’s no way to prove it, now please drop the whole subject, and try to forget about it.
Liz – I told you I would.
God don’t you believe me?
Jim – well there was that time…
Liz – Stop bringing that up!
God, don’t you people ever forget anything.
Jim – Not something THAT funny.
I mean the way that you…
Liz – (yelling) …I’m not listening…
-Johnny walks in-Neither Jim or Liz see him
Jim – (also yelling) …and then there was the rolling on the floor…
Liz – (still yelling) …La dee da dum dee la dee da…
Jim – …I never saw your parents so embarrassed in my life, it was great
Johnny – Did I miss something?
Jim – Uhh…Not really, we were just discussing who would win in an all out fight, a gang of angry circus midgets wielding pointed sticks, or the seven dwarves after they find out that Snow White is missing.
Liz – Ah yeah, yes, that’s it.
Ten Midgets didja say?
I’m going with the angry gang of midgets wielding the pointed sticks they have the numbers and pointed sticks.
Jim – There doesn’t need to be a lot of dwarves, just one of them is worth like 3 midgets, pointed sticks or no pointed sticks.
What they lack in quantity they make up in quality.
I mean these guys are huge and muscular, at least from a midget’s perspective, and they have those pick-axes they use around the mine.
The seven dwarves would win hands down.
Liz – you’re forgetting that the dwarves have just come home after a long day’s work in the mines.
They’re exhausted, they’re not looking for a fight.
They don’t have a prayer of taking on all 10 of the midgets.
The dwarves might be angry about Snow White being kidnapped, but that doesn’t compare to even to the daily life of a midget.
Midgets have all the pent up rage of being so different from the rest of humanity and condemned to circus life to fuel their fire in the midst of battle.
The midgets could take the seven dwarves unarmed and surprised.
Jim – Yeah, you’re right, now if it was the dwarves from The Hobbit that’d be a different story.
The Seven Dwarves just have too many neuroses to deal with on top of a pack of angry bloodthirsty midgets.
I concede, the dwarves never stood a chance, and I knew it from the get go.
Johhny – (Sneering) Then why did you back them then if they can’t win.
Jim – Cause of that song they sing, the midgets can’t touch the dwarves in the realm of singing those cheerful and catchy coming home from work songs.
They have heart!
If this were like a battle of the bands, the dwarves would grind the midgets to dust, and then dance on the dust.
Johnny – You’re an idiot, I can’t believe that we’re related.
Jim – Another pleasant mood I see.
Catch yourself in your zipper again didja?
Johnny – Fuck you.
I’m outta here.
(turns around and leaves)
Liz – What’s his problem?
Jim – I’m not sure, I think mom fed him lead paint chips when he was a kid.
Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.
Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.
Liz – She always seemed nice to me.
Jim – Mom was like 2 different people, she was lovable and sweet around company, but when there was only us… she told him a million times since he was a baby that she hated him and that he was a mistake.
She meant it too.
Liz – You’re making this up aren’t you.
You’re just messing with me, very funny Jimbo, very funny.
Saying those kind of things about your own mother.
Its wrong…
Jim – Do you remember Johnny’s tenth birthday where he got all the presents and stuff?
That mound of gifts, and the huge party?
Liz – Of course, I was sooooo jealous, my parents haven’t ever done that sort of thing for me…
Jim - Well the party was paid for out of Johnny’s college savings account.
He kind of made a nuisance of himself to get a party, so she made him spend his money to pay for it.
Liz – That must have cost a fortune, did he have to pay for the gifts too?
They must have cost $1000 alone.
Jim – No, other people bought some of those…
Liz – well that’s not so bad as I thought…
Jim – She took the ones that we bought him back to the stores, and the rest she gave to the rest of it all to the Salvation Army.
She told him “those things were too good for someone as worthless as him.”  He must have cried for a month afterwards.
That was just one event.
She told him that sort of thing all his life, when she wasn’t trying to control all of our lives.
She ground him into the dirt at every opportunity.
Liz – How did you and your father get through it when poor Johnny didn’t?
Jim – Dad spent a lot of time at work.
There were some weeks when he was working 60 hours or more.
He always claimed that he was trying to support the family, but after the shop became more and more successful he was making some damn good money.
He even hired a few other workers to help with the work-load.
Liz – Dad always thought that he was just a hard worker and a ‘good Christian man’.
How about you?
How did you survive your mom?
Jim – A good friend of mine, you may know him, saved me.
Liz – oh?
Who?
Jim – Sumo Assa…
Liz – Not that stupid comic book character.
I thought you grew out of that.
What is with you and those stupid comic books?
You could have at least picked something good like Batman.
Jim – Sumo has always been there for me in my times of need.
Liz –  Really?
Jim – Yeah, till mom found out what they meant to me.
She burned my collection when I was at school one day.
At least all the comics she could find anyways.
I hid the rest.
(shakes his head) I had every edition of Sumo Assassin all in mint condition.
They’d be worth a fortune now to another collector.
Liz – I doubt it, you were the only person I’ve ever met who read that comic and actually kept reading it.
(Eugene enters quietly and sneaks up on the couple)
Jim – Hey, Sumo Assassin has a large and loyal fan base!
Liz – Only, if you mean that the people who read it are all fat kids.
Eugene – (Yells) SEE!
I told you that that comic was stupid!
See Liz agrees with me!
(does a victory dance) I’m right and you’re wrong!
Once again evil triumphs!
Jim – What do you want now Gene?
Eugene – I’m right, right yes….
Oh?
What?
Oh yeah, I’ve been thinking about what you said about Eugene not being a name to inspire fear in the masses.
Liz – (snickers) You can say that again, it’s almost as bad as Wesley in its ability to scare people.
Unless you’re the person being named Eugene or Wesley, then it’s scary.
Jim – What about it Gene?
Eugene – Well I’m thinking of changing it to make it scarier…
Jim – Oh God, here we go
Eugene – …and since you have so many good ideas I could really use your help.
Jim – What do you want?
Something like ‘Eugene the Destroyer’?
Eugene – No no no!
I want a name that rings through the ages, one that people will remember one thousand years from now, one that rolls off their tongue, even as it makes them quiver in fear.
Jim – Well ‘Eugene the Destroyer’ wont really do that.
How about Stalin?
Eugene – Be serious, Stalin’s already been taken, but that’s the kind of fear that I want to inspire.
Don’t forget it needs to sound good.
Liz – How about ‘Shaka Zulu Head-Eater’
Eugene – It sounds good, but it’s way too long.
Jim – Chainsaw Bob maybe?
Eugene – I already used that one.
Come on, help me out here Jim.
Quit goofing around.
Liz – That was his biker name Jim.
Jim – Ah yes, the biker name, I was wondering where I was remembering it from.
Why was it that you quit being a biker?
Eugene – Bikers aren’t evil enough to suit me, they’re just mean and sometimes stinky.
So can we get back to finding a new name?
Liz – They must have beaten him up.
Jim – They didn’t like you pretending to be a biker did they?
Eugene – No, they didn’t seem to, so they asked me to stop.
Jim – And you did?
They asked you to stop and you did?
Why didn’t I think of that?
Eugene – There were eight large hairy men, and they had knives and clubs.
I assume you’ve seen movies about bikers.
Can we get on with the new name now?
Jim – Ah yes, biker movies, I don’t think you’d have made one of them a good wife anyways.
Guess asking you to stop wouldn’t work for me after all.
Liz – I told you that you should start lifting weights, besides you might look cute in a leather jacket.
Jim – I think it’s easier not to piss large men off, then they have no reason to hurt me, and I have no reason to life weights, so I don’t need large muscles.
Unless you count the appeal to chicks.
Besides working out would require going out in that hot weather under that big hot shiny bright thing.
Liz – A little exercise out in the sunshine won’t hurt you.
Jim – Maybe, maybe not, but it would cut into my video game time.
In the end that’s all that really matters.
Eugene – Hello?
Scary names?
Causing fear?
Still there?
Jim – That’s right, terrifying names.
Terrifying names.
Microsoft?
Strike fear into the hearts of millions.
Liz – (giggles)
Eugene – Oh funny.
Look if you don’t want to help…
Jim – Hey I’m trying.
It’s harder than it looks.
Eugene – You could concentrate on the task at hand.
How do you ever get your homework done if you can’t concentrate?
You’re going to be a janitor forever.
Jim – If you’re going to be an asshole about it…
Eugene – Touchy, touchy.
God I was just kidding.
Look I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend.
Now can we get on with the name?
Liz – If you want something big and bad and scary, why don’t you go with a famous name, that no human has ever used, like Polythemus, or Kraken or even Grendal.
Eugene – Hey, that’s a good idea, I would never have thought of using a name of a mythological monster.
Thanks Liz.
Jim – Most of those names aren’t well known, and the people who do know them would die of laughter rather than of fear.
Liz – Use a modern monster name then, like King Kong or Dracula or something.
Eugene – Hey great!
I know, Godzilla.
It’s perfect.
GODZILLA!
Jim – Godzilla is just a guy in a dinosaur costume.
You’d do about as well taking the name Barney.
Maybe then you’d get people to hug you.
Eugene – Non-believer.
It’ll work.
It’s a well know fact that Godzilla is feared by millions of Japanese people.
Jim – Right…and where did you hear that fact?
Hmmmm?
You haven’t been buying tabloids again have you?
Eugene – I never bought tabloids.
That would be stupid.
I stole them, or just read them in the checkout line.
And about Godzilla being feared, well I was talking to Rusty down the street.
Jim – Wait, you mean the same Rusty who never leaves his parent’s basement and watches nothing but Japanese cartoons?
The one who got thrown into the school dumpster every day at lunchtime by the girls chess team?
Eugene – That’s the Rusty and it’s called Anime.
Well Rusty was telling me about how it’s illegal to yell ‘Godzilla’ in a Japanese theatre, like how it’s illegal to yell Fire in an American theatre.
He says that it’s because the Japanese are that afraid of Godzilla.
And who can blame them after he ruined Tokyo so many times.
But anyways Rusty said that most older Japanese people will just soil their shorts even at the mention of their old nemesis.
Not only that, but everyone knows the name Godzilla.
Godzilla will be perfect!
Thanks Liz!
(Starts walking towards the door)
Jim & Liz – Wait where are you going?
Eugene – I’m going to test out my new name.
There’s gotta be a few Japanese tourists somewhere around town.
I am GODZILLA!
(Walks off stage)
Liz – He’s not going to get himself hurt is he?
Jim – Hard to say, this has got to be more harmless than some of the other things he was doing though.
Most likely he’ll just get chased off by some angry tourists.
Liz – What’s he done that is worse than this?
And what did he mean when he said ‘you’re good at this sort of thing.’
Jim – He didn’t mean anything by it.
Liz – He meant something by it, otherwise he wouldn’t have said anything.
Now what did you do?
Jim – you know Gene, he says thing all the time.
He was just being Gene.
Liz – What did you do?
You didn’t give him the idea to tell the anorexics that they were fat did you?
Jim – No, that’s cruel.
I had nothing to do with that, or the time that he was hanging out in the retirement home and mouthing speech to make the old folks think that they were going deaf.
Liz – James you tell me what you did to make Eugene come to you for advice.
Jim – Or what?
Liz – Or I’ll tell everyone I know that I’ve seen you naked.
Jim – Ohhhhh I’m shaking.
Liz – And I’ll let them all know that there wasn’t anything worth seeing.
Jim – (Dumbfounded) And you complain that Gene is cruel.
Liz – (Slaps him) Damint Jim tell me.
Eugene – GODZILLA!
Jim – Alright, alright.
Well you remember when Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and doing that evil laugh…
Liz – Yeah, that got annoying…
Jim – I know, he did it to me like 10 times.
Liz – So?
Jim – Finally I just snapped and told him that calling people and laughing like a maniac wasn’t evil, it was just annoying.
Liz – What does that have to do with it?
Jim – Well, he kept on badgering me and asking me how he could make it truly evil, you know Gene, once he gets something into his head he sticks with it until he gets it working, unless it almost kills him.
Liz – Or until he gets beaten up.
Jim – That too.
Liz – So what did you suggest?
Jim – I told him that calling people at 3 am wasn’t evil.
Calling people at 3 am long distance and collect is evil.
I figured that way he would at least stop calling me.
Liz – Oh, that’s all.
Wait a minute… How did he get the queen of England’s home phone number?
And how did he get them to accept a long distance collect call from someone they didn’t even know?
And how did he do it without being caught and sent over to the Brits for the butt-whupping that he deserved?
Jim – I think he found the number on the internet.
As for how he got them to answer, I think he told the servant who answered that the United States was calling to invite the queen to brunch or something.
I think the Royal family has been inbreeding their servants a little too long.
As for the rest, I’m sworn to secrecy.
Liz – But it was all over the news!
‘Local mad-man harasses Queen of England over phone’.
They were searching for weeks!
And it was Gene all along?
Jim – Yep, he moved up into the realm of international nuisance.
Liz – Gene, the most sought after phone prankster on the planet…
Jim – We know a legend.
Liz – But why can’t we know a good kind of legend?
Like an athlete or a movie-star?
Why does it have to be an evil-wannabe prankster?
Jim – Beggars can’t be choosers I guess.
Liz – But I didn’t want it!
Doesn’t that count for anything?
Jim – Sorry, no.
You’re doomed to be apart of the Gene Saga just like the rest of us.
Maybe if you’re lucky, when historians decide to piece together what went wrong here, you won’t be blamed for what happened here.
Liz – What do you mean?
Why would I be blamed?
Jim – Well you could be the beautiful lover who turned him to evil.
Or the cold-hearted sister figure who abandoned him when he most needed you.
Liz – Where would they get those ideas?
Jim – They’re historians, they get those kind of ideas all the time.
Besides I’ll make sure to write it in my journal.
Liz – You have a diary?
Why didn’t I know about that?
Am I in it?
Did you say that I’m beautiful in your diary?
Jim – It’s not a diary it’s a journal, there’s a difference.
And anyways anything I put into it is classified material.
Hush hush, need to know type information.
Liz – Not a diary huh?
What’s the difference between a diary and a journal hmmm?
They seem the same to me.
Jim – There are a lot of differences…
Liz – Such as?
Jim – Well… A Journal… A diary… Journals aren’t pink.
And… And the cover says diary instead of journal… Journal rather than diary that is.
Anyone can keep a Journal, where as diaries are usually kept by thirteen year old girls who only talk about their first kiss and the newest popular music groups.
Liz – How long have you been keeping your diary?
Jim – I’ve been keeping my JOURNAL since I was 14.
Liz – And what do you write about?
Cute girls and your favorite bands?
Jim – I write about stuff.
Things, this and that.
Nothing you would care to read.
(Johnny re-enters)
Liz – Like car races and power tools and machine guns and stuff.
Jim – Just stuff.
Why don’t you believe me that you wouldn’t be interested?
Johnny – Give it up, he’s right it’s boring and stupid.
I’m surprised that Jim even bothered to write the crap down.
Jim – What the hell?
You little shit!
How many times have I told you to keep away from my things?
Goddamn little bastard.
If I ever catch you in my room again, you’ll wish you’d hanged yourself a long time ago.
Speaking of which, why don’t you go kill yourself now, it would make the world a better place.
Johnny -  Fuck you, I’ll do whatever I want.
Don’t worry about me reading your diary again anyways, it sucked.
Everything in it was completely moronic.
God I can’t believe that I read it in the first place.
Liz – What’s in your diary?
Jim – JOURNAL.
Johnny – Diary.
Jim – JOURNAL.
Liz – I want to know.
Johnny – It’s not worth reading, he just writes about his ‘thoughts’.
Nothing exciting, just stupid things like whether or not life is a dream.
He doesn’t even bother to make it coherent, he just dribbles it out using big words.
Most of those words he doesn’t use correctly.
Idiot.
Liz - You mean like his Canadian change theory?
Jim – They’re damn good ideas.
And you’re just angry cause you don’t understand words with more than four letters and one syllable.
And who are you calling idiot?
I’m not the one who failed Gym class.
Johnny – The Canadian change theory was there.
I still can’t believe that he even bothered to waste the time to write it down.
Liz – Neither can I.
What were you smoking when you came up with that one Jim?
It sounds like something Eugene would invent.
Jim – That theory is sound and ingenious.
The two of you are just blind to Canada’s evil plans.
Don’t blame me when there’s a Mounty on every street corner.
Liz – Right, Canadian overlords, Eh.
(laughs) Can’t trust those Canuks.
Johnny – You actually believe that the Canadians are slowly invading the United States don’t you.
Mom must’ve dropped you on your head when you were a baby.
I wouldn’t put it past the bitch.
Jim – Why don’t you two see it?
They’ve already got Northern Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.
Johnny – Got any proof brain-child?
Jim – Canadians drink beer, watch obsessive amounts of hockey and say Eh.
People in those northern states drink beer, watch obsessive amounts of hockey and say Eh.
All three of those states border Canada.
Those states have obviously been slowly taken over by advanced Canadian forces.
Johnny – I suppose that all the famous movie stars born in Canada are really advance scouts for the rest of the army then.
Spreading their evil propaganda and brain-washing the masses hmmmm?
Jim – Damn strait, those Canadians are sneaky bastards.
They spread like a virus, but they do it slowly so nobody notices.
But I’m on to them.
They won’t get away with this!
Liz – Bwa ha ha ha!
Jim & Johnny – What was that?
Liz – That was an evil sounding laugh, I learned it from Gene.
Jim – But why did you do it?
Liz – It just seemed to fit into the whole mood of the conversation.
Jim – BAH!
You people won’t open your eyes until people in Palm Beach are drinking beer watching hockey and saying Eh.
Will you?
The whole world is full of blind fools who laugh at anyone who can see the truth and dare to talk about what they see.
Liz – I think some people in Flordia already drink beer and watch hockey, dunno about how often they say Eh though.
Jim – That ain’t funny.
Liz – I’m serious, Hockey is popular all over the country.
Jim - God pity us all I’m too late.
I’d better start learning about Canada now.
How do you say ‘Gimme a  beer’ in French?
Johnny – I don’t think it matters, they’ll probably put you into a sanitarium, you’re as crazy as that retard Eugene.
The Canadians are sposed to have a good healthcare system, maybe they’ll fix what-ever is wrong with you.
Speaking of the retard, what the hell is he still doin here?
Doesn’t he have his own family that he can irritate?
Or is it ‘all part of his evil plan’ to piss me off?
He’s always here.
I hate that stupid putz.
Jim – Didn’t you know?
Gene lives here now, he said it was easier to have a more centralized base of operation.
Besides he said he wanted to spend more time with you.
Build a relationship.
Bring you into his plan.
Liz – What does that mean?
Centralized Base of Operations?
Johnny – Yeah, he only lives a mile away from here.
Jim – I just think its part of his master evil plan to piss you off.
Seems that Gene has once again scored a point for the forces of darkness.
I wonder if he’s working for the Canadians.
You guys ever seen Gene drink beer and watch hockey?
Johnny – I don’t watch Gene do anything.
I just wish he’d get outta here.
Jim – Maybe if you’re lucky, and ask nicely, he’ll teach you about Canada.
Then my beloved brother, you can pretend to fit in, but secretly work for the resistance forces.
Liz – That just may work.
Jim – You’re our only hope Johnny boy.
All our hopes for freedom ride on your capable shoulders!
To victory!
Johnny – Then you’re screwed jack-ass, I’d rather stand in front of a speeding train and try to stop it with just my psychic powers than to spend an extra minute around that moron.
Liz – Since when did you get Psychic powers?
Jim – Hey do you do readings?
I’d kinda like to know my future.
Will I meet my knight in shining armor?
Johnny – I don’t have psychic powers.
Jim – Then why did you tell us that you did?
What a let-down.
Johnny – I just meant that, I’d rather be hit by a speeding train than to talk to the king of idiots again.
Liz – Why didn’t you just say that in more simple terms in the first place?
No need to lead us on.
We got all excited about knowing our future, and here you go and do that.
Jim – Yeah, with a psychic to help us we could stave off the Canadian advance, you got my hopes up.
Johnny – Ha Ha Ha.
The king of Idiots, and his two Court Jesters.
I can’t believe I’m actually talking about this.
By the way, dad is home, that’s why I came down here.
Anyways dorks, I’m outta here.
(gets up and exits)
Jim –  (Calls after Johnny) Wait, I still want to know my lucky numbers!
Liz – (giggling) That was fun.
Jim – Twas indeed, he actually almost cracked a smile.
He was even near actual laughter for a  few minutes there.
Liz – well we can keep trying.
I think it helps the healing process.
Jim – I dunno, He hasn’t been in a good mood since he found dad’s porn collection.
Liz – Your dad collects porn?
Jim – Well, ‘collects’ is a bit too strong.
He did manage to acquire a huge pile of it though.
Liz – I can’t believe that your mom would allow too have that sort of thing in the house.
Jim – She didn’t, the pile just seemed to appear about six months after she left.
Then it started to multiply.
I think he was making up for a lot of lost time.
A lot of lost time.
Liz – How did John find it?
Didn’t your dad keep it hidden?
Jim – Ill just say that there was a lot to hide.
And to be able to have access to it, well there wasn’t any practical way to really keep it out of the hands of anyone who actually bothered to look.
Liz – There’s that much?
Jim – Dad could almost start his own shop with what he’s got so far.
Liz – I never thought of your dad as a dirty old man before.
Jim – Kinda funny isn’t it?
Liz – It’s gross!
Jim – I don’t think he’s gotten laid since well before Johnny was born.
Liz – How can you actually talk that way about your dad?
He’s your dad!
Jim – We all have urges you know.
Just cause he’s a bit older doesn’t change anything.
I think the pile of porn defiantly proves that.
I bet your parents are the same.
Liz – My parents?
Yeah right!
Jim – They’re both healthy active adults.
They made you didn’t they.
Just in case you slept through health class, sex is how babies are made.
Liz – First of all, it’s disgusting thinking about my parents doing that.
Secondly, even when they sleep in the same house, they sleep in different beds.
Jim – They sleep in different beds?
It’s like a 1950’s television show.
Anyways they could push the beds together from time to time.
Liz – They couldn’t push the beds together though, they sleep in different rooms.
Jim – I’m surprised that each of them doesn’t have their own porn collections that rival my dad’s.
Liz – They don’t need to buy porn.
Jim – They visit each other’s rooms then?
Liz – No, they hardly talk to each other.
Jim – How do they manage staying sane?
Liz - Well dad has his secretary, I think anyways.
And mom, well she has the gardener, the pool boy, the mail-man, and any other strait male human being who is unfortunate to come across her path, and a few who don’t even get that close.
Jim – Sounds like your mom is busy, and that would explain a few things.
Liz – What would it explain?
Jim – Nothing in particular…
Liz – Don’t pull that crap on me again Jim, what does it explain?
Jim – What crap?
I’m not doing anything?
Liz – Jim, you have to the count of three (Gets up and acts threatening) …one!
Jim – Four Thousand and Six!
Liz – Two!
(Continues acting threatening)
Jim – Forty-two!
Liz – Thr… (Ready to hit him)
Jim – …She pinched me!
Liz – Where?
Jim – At your house mostly…
Liz – I mean what part of you did she pinch?
Jim – She pinched my butt.
It was rather uncomfortable.
You said my dad was a dirty old man, your mom…
Liz – That Bitch.
I told her to leave you alone.
Is that why you don’t come over any more?
Is that why you didn’t come to my pool party?
Jim – I didn’t go to that because my swimsuit makes me look fat.
Liz – Jim…
Jim – Alright, your mother makes me extremely uncomfortable, with all her little smiles and suggestions and the pinching.
With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.
Liz - I guess I’m going to have to talk to her again.
This time she’d better listen.
Jim – Um, ok.
Liz – I gotta be going soon to the showing.
Will you please stop by?
Jim – Will your mother be there?
Liz – For at least a little while.
Jim – I really don’t want to see her again.
Especially after you ‘talk’ to her.
Liz – She’ll be there for the first half.
I think she plans to leave about two-ish.
She’s meeting the gardener to ‘discuss some shrubberies’.
Jim – I’ll be there after two then.
Maybe I’ll bring Johnny or dad along as protection.
Liz – I don’t think she would hit on Johnny, he’s too young for her tastes.
And your father isn’t her type.
Jim – Lucky them.
Hate to say this, but your mom is kind of nasty.
Liz – Yet the gardener and the mailman like her.
Jim – I’ve seen your gardener, it’s not like women throw themselves at him.
I bet his porn collection is even bigger than my dad’s.
Liz – He has my mom.
He doesn’t need porn.
Jim – I think the porn would be more appealing.
It doesn’t smoke all those cigarettes.
How does your mom smoke that much and still manage not to get ten different cancers?
Liz – I think she was born to smoke, perhaps she was genetically crossed with a tobacco plant.
Well I have to go (Gets up and starts for the door), remember she leaves around Two.
Please come.
Jim – Will do.
Liz – Bye Jim.
(walks out)
Jim – See you at the show.
(goes back to reading his comic book)
Scene 2
Later that day.
An art gallery.
Several pedestals with ‘art’, one being a cardboard box supposedly filled with ceramic pieces.
And several paintings are on display.
The art work all has spotlights on it, in addition to the regular lighting.
Several people are looking at the creations and acting like they are holding conversations as they move about and look at the exhibit.
Liz and her mom are speaking apart from the crowd.
Jim is in the background studying a painting, wearing a trench coat with the hood up some dark sunglasses and a set of Groucho Marx glasses, facing away from Liz and her mother.
Cleo is smoking, from time to time she lights up a new one.
Cleo – Your show is going fabulously darling.
Liz – Yes, I seem to be a hit.
Cleo – Isn’t it though.
I imagine that you will be a big star when it is through baby.
All our years of hard work are finally beginning to pay off.
Liz – Yes all those years of work are finally paying off.
Cleo – After this, you are going to be a big celebrity.
As famous as Andy Warhol at the very least.
I imagine that the biggest art publications will all have stories about you.
I’ll be so proud of you baby.
Oh I cannot wait until I can tell all my friends.
They will all be quite jealous.
Liz – Something to look forward to.
Cleo – Why baby what ever is wrong?
Liz – I’m fine mother.
Cleo – Darling clearly something is bothering you.
Liz – I said that I am fine mother.
Cleo – Obviously there is something the matter darling, you have been a little snippy all day.
Now be a good girl and tell your mother what is troubling you.
Is it the talk shows?
We’ll do fine on them.
Liz – Mother why did you do it?
Cleo – Do what baby?
Liz – Why did you hit on Jim?
I told you to leave him alone.
Cleo – What do you mean?
I have left him alone.
Liz – Jim told me that you pinch him whenever he comes over.
That’s the reason why he didn’t come to my pool party.
Cleo – And you believed him darling?
Maybe he was just making excuses.
Liz – Please, he’s my best friend.
I know he wouldn’t lie to me about that.
Cleo – Men lie all the time.
Liz – So do you.
You seem to have to flirt with all my boyfriends.
I’ve even seen you chase the gardener and just about every other man you come across.
Cleo – Elizabeth!
Liz - Why couldn’t you just leave Jim alone?
Cleo – Elizabeth!
Liz – Is there some reason why you have to go chasing after my best friend?
Cleo – I can’t believe that you are saying what you are saying.
Why you little ingrate.
If we were at home right now I would bend you over my knee and spank you.
Liz – Oh you couldn’t do that mother, you might break a nail.
Cleo – Where do you get off speaking to me like that?
Liz – Oh I just guess I wasn’t raised very well, my mother spent so much of her time sleeping with the gardener and her tennis instructor.
Cleo – I never did anything, those are all lies made up by your father to turn you against me!
I never touched either of those men.
I was faithful to your father!
Liz – I have pictures.
Cleo – You little sneak!
Well your father has been cheating on me too, with his secretaries, since just a little while after you were born.
Liz – I’ve got pictures of that as well.
It all makes for a wonderful family album to show my children one day.
‘Look kids, here’s your grandmother and another one of her “friends”.’  ‘Mommy, grandma sure had a lot of friends,’ ‘yes sweetie she did, but so did your grandfather.’
Cleo – And when do you ever plan to have children hmmm?
You waste all your time dreaming about your thick-headed friend Jim when you could be serious with a real man who treats you more like the beautiful young woman you are.
Liz – I like Jim, he’s nice, and fun to be with.
And I think he’ll figure out that I like him more than just being friends.
Cleo – My daughter you don’t seem to understand men in the least.
Let me fill you in on some little details that I have picked up over the years.
Will that be okay with you?
Liz – Oh by all means mother, inspire me with your great insight and wisdom.
Cleo – That is enough of your rudeness.
If not love for your mother, I at least demand the respect that you would give a teacher.
Are you at least adult enough to handle that Elizabeth?
Or would you rather we go our separate ways from now on.
Liz – All right mother, I am interested in hearing what you have to say, though I do question how valid and advice you have about men may be.
Cleo – Very funny Elizabeth, now if you’re finished…?
Liz – Yes mother, I’ve nothing else to say for the time being.
I’m ready to listen to what you have to say.
Cleo – I doubt that this is the ideal location for a proper mother to daughter talk, but we aren’t exactly the ideal mother and daughter.
I should have done this a long time ago, but I was busy with other things then… Where to begin.
With the basics I suppose, you already know about the mechanics of sex, but it’s up to me to fill you in on men themselves.
Men are stupid.
I mean it in the most loving way possible.
But, men are stupid.
They’re blind, they don’t see or understand what is standing right in front of them, what is absolutely plain to you and I.
Take you’re friend Jim for example, I doubt its even crossed his mind that you have any romantic interest in him what-so-ever.
He is blissfully un-aware that you have been mooning over him for the last ten years of your lives, though I think you could have made a better choice.
Liz – Mother, we’ve been over this before…
Cleo – Yes, yes, I know you’re sticking with Jim, and hoping that one day he’ll see the light.
Well Elizabeth it will never happen.
Liz – We’ve been over this too mother, he’s not gay, just because he didn’t accept your…
Cleo – And you’re not listening to me dear.
Jim being a man, and inherently flawed for being so, is never going to realize that you love him.
The only way that he might get it is if you let him know strait out how you feel.
Liz – How?
Just come out and tell him that I love him?
Cleo – No Elizabeth, you tell him that you love him, and give him an instructional pamphlet with diagrams and small words, not too much in the way of color and shapes because he might get distracted and forget to read the text, not to mention ignore you when you’re exposing your deepest feelings.
Liz – So your entire theory on men is that they’re complete imbeciles incapable of doing more than dressing themselves.
Cleo – Dear, most men shouldn’t be allowed to even pick out their own clothes.
But no they’re not complete morons, they’re quite handy to when it comes to making the clock on the video recorder stop blinking 12:00 for all eternity.
But when it comes to important things, like knowing what a woman wants, well they’re hopeless.
Even on the rare occasions that they actually are paying one hundred percent attention to us, which doesn’t happen as often as it should.
They’re just simple minded, and it’s better that you learn than now than later.
Otherwise you might end up like me, and that doesn’t seem to appeal to you very much.
Liz – (A slight warming) Thank you for the advice, I’ll try to keep it in mind when I deal with men.
Cleo – My pleasure baby, it’s the only motherly thing I can pass on to you.
Well I must be going now.
I have some ‘chores’ to see to.
Liz – Good-bye mother, stay out of trouble.
Cleo – Don’t start worrying about me, ta-ta darling!
(Exits the stage)
Liz – (Looks out at the audience as if studying an art piece, deep in thought)
Jim – (Notices that Cleo is gone, and slowly carefully sidles up to Liz without her noticing him.)
Is she gone?
Liz – (Rather startled) What the hell is wrong with you sneaking up on me like that?
Jim – Shhhh!
Is she gone?
Liz – Yes, my mother is gone, and I think she promised not to bother you any more.
Jim – Finally.
What do you mean ‘think she promised’?
Liz – Exactly what I said, I think she promised to behave.
Jim – I’m confused…
Liz – Why am I not surprised…
Jim – Wouldn’t that be something that would have either a yes or no answer?
If I asked about the existence of God, or the origin of the universe, or whether or not Twinkies lasted forever, I would expect you to say ‘maybe’ but not for ‘will your mom leave me alone?’
Liz – We got sidetracked.
So I’m not quite sure how she answered.
Jim – What didja get side-tracked to?
Liz – Just female troubles, you wouldn’t understand.
Jim – You mean like…
Liz - …Could be…
Jim – Question withdrawn.
(puts his Groucho glasses back on)
Liz – What are you doing?
Jim – Just in case the answer was no, and your mom comes back.
The Boy Scout motto is ‘be prepared.’  I try to live by that motto.
Liz – You were never a Boy Scout.
Jim – That doesn’t mean that I can’t adopt their motto, its just good common sense to be prepared.
Liz – Jim, you’re never prepared for anything.
Jim – Sure I am.
Liz – Oh yeah?
Like what?
Jim – I’m prepared for you’re mother’s dreaded return.
Liz – That silly disguise doesn’t exactly count as preparation…
Jim – I have a knife too.
Liz – And what pray-tell is that for?
Jim – If she comes back I’ll use it!
Liz – Jim!
You’re not planning to stab my mother are you?
Jim – No way!
I wouldn’t want to do that!
Liz – Then what’s the knife for?
Jim – I was planning on stabbing myself, then making my getaway in the ambulance to the hospital.
Liz – Isn’t that a bit extreme a reaction?
Just excuse yourself and leave.
No mess, no pain, and no hurt feelings.
Jim – I’ve tried that, didn’t work.
Liz – You could just pretend to be stomach-ache then.
Jim – Tried that too, did you know that your mother carries around a bottle of stomach tonic with he in her purse?
Liz – Well there has to be a better answer than stabbing yourself.
Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
Liz – Very funny Jim.
Jim – I’m serious, Gene and I talked the whole scenario over for days, stabbing myself is the best way to get away from your mom, and by best I mean the way I spend the least time in jail.
Liz – You brought Gene into this before you talked to me about it?
Wait, does she hit on Gene too?
Jim & Liz – No.
Jim – Can you imagine anyone who knows Gene actually hitting on him?
Liz – If they were drunk maybe.
Jim & Liz - Really drunk.
Liz – Sorry, I just blurted that out, didn’t think first.
Jim – Can your mom even drink that much, without passing out soon after anyway?
Liz – Maybe, she boasts that she could out drink an entire company of Marines.
But I think she would have to cheat to do it.
Jim – An entire company?
How do you cheat to in a drinking contest?
Liz – If I told you that, then what edge would I have if we ever had a drinking contest?
Jim – I’ll avoid drinking against you in the future.
Is that another thing mothers teach their daughters?
How to drink like a room full of men?
Liz – Well my mother taught me how to do it, I don’t know about what ‘normal’ mothers do with their daughters.
But that is one of the valuable life skills that I learned under my mother’s tutelage.
Jim – Might come in handy one day, maybe your true calling is to open a bar, and fleece customers out of their money in fixed drinking contests.
Liz – Maybe, and maybe you can be my tough but honest bouncer.
Jim – Could I carry a sword or something?
Liz – Would you use it?
Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
But that doesn’t matter.
What do you think?
Jim – I like that brightly colored one in the corner over there, the one with all the swirls.
It just looks so happy and cheerful.
Liz – That one is called ‘Ode to Chaos’ it’s about a fight my parents had.
Jim – It reminds me more of a commune full of tie-dye wearing hippies.
How about that one over there, with that guy lighting a match under that elephant’s foot?
Liz – It’s called ‘Eugene’s Last Prank,’ and if you can’t tell what its about, then I want to know what you’ve done with the real Jim Trelain.
Jim – You got his hair perfect, but I don’t think he’d stoop to something that low-tech and effective, knowing Gene, he’d probably build a catapult and try to coax the elephant onto it, and then see how far an elephant can fly when it’s launched through the air by a weapon of war.
Liz – Also knowing Gene, he’d build the catapult way too small, or he would launch himself on accident, but with his luck he wouldn’t die.
The poor old lady that he’d land on would break his fall.
But what Gene would try to do in real life doesn’t really matter, as that drawing isn’t literal.
On with the critique.
Jim – I also liked the one with all the bright swirls of color on top of that layer of white.
It’s just seems so cheerful and happy, it really cheers me up.
You must have been in a good mood when you painted it.
Liz – That one is called ‘The Storm,’ it’s about my parents’ marriage and all the fights they have all while hiding it from the rest of the world.
Jim – Oh, well it could have been cheerful.
Sorry.
I should have read the title, it was just so bright and happy looking, I gotta learn to pay attention.
Liz – Yes you do need to pay attention, that’s how you got into trouble with…
Jim – …I only did that once, and I have been watching for those conditions ever since.
Liz – Too bad you weren’t paying attention the first time it happened.
But let’s keep moving.
Jim – Well, I love the two, of first, Jesus shaking hands with Elvis, and then of them fighting a gaggle of ninjas.
It isn’t about your parents is it?
I just thought it was about Jesus and Elvis fighting ninjas.
That would make a sweet comic book, the King of Rock and Roll and the King of Kings, battling ninjas and the forces of evil to save the world.
They would need a jet, and some fancy gizmos, but man would it kick.
‘Elvis, shalt we implant our sandals into the asses of these dark warriors?’ ‘Yeah good buddy, time to give em a free trip to heartbreak hotel’.
Liz – It doesn’t have a name, I just painted it for fun.
It’s not about my parents or anything else.
It might well have been since Mother really didn’t want that one in the show, but it has made a lot of people laugh, and the posters of it are selling well.
Jim – There are posters?
I gotta get me one of those.
Liz – For you, it’s on the house, and I’ll sign it as well.
Jim – Woo-hoo!
I feel special now.
Liz – You are special.
Jim – It’s all the paint-chips I ate as a kid, with the right dip they’re pretty good.
Liz – Sometimes I think you were dropped on your head as a baby, but with a skull that thick I think that you hurt the floor worse than it hurt you.
Come on, I want your opinion on my work.
Jim – Over all, I like it a lot.
Liz – But…
Jim – I was wondering…
Liz – Wondering…
Jim – Where’s the uh…
Liz – The what?
Jim – The nude painting that you did of me…
Liz – What nude painting of you?
Jim – That answers that question.
Liz – What question?
What nude painting?
What the hell are you talking about Jim?
Jim – It must have been a dream.
Liz – Are you going to fill me in, or am I going to hurt you.
Jim – I had a really vivid dream where I posed nude for a painting for you.
We had a lot of fun, and I think it might have been a good painting.
Liz – Might have been?
Didn’t you see it?
Jim – Well you were about to show it to me when the event happened.
Liz – What kind of ‘event’ prevented you from seeing the dream masterpiece?
Jim – Our mothers showed up…
Liz – What did they do?
Jim – Well, my mom tried to beat us both for being ‘twisted little perverts’ and your mom immediately stripped off all her clothing and demanded to be ‘immortalized in all her youthful glory.’
Liz – What happened next?
Jim – I don’t know, I didn’t stick around.
I couldn’t sleep for the next two nights either, so the entire dream turned into a hazy reality.
Liz – Well, now you know.
Jim - Glad to have finally cleared it up, I’m not going to sleep tonight I don’t think.
Liz – Whose idea was it?
Jim – Whose idea was what?
Art enters, He divides his time between looking at the paintings and looking for Jim.
Liz – Whose idea was it to do a nude painting?
Jim – Well, it was both of our ideas, you said that you wanted to do a painting of me, I agreed, but then all of a sudden I was modeling in the nude.
One of those dream things.
At least I wasn’t making a nude presentation in front of an entire psychology class again.
Liz – Jim, you have some strange dreams.
Jim – Tell me about it, the weirdest one yet is when you, me, Johnny and Gene were exploring this haunted mansion, Scooby Doo style.
Yeah, that was a weird one.
Liz – What happened?
Jim – Well there were things that one would expect in a haunted mansion, ghosts and dancing skeletons and strange noises.
But then on top of that Johnny and Gene actually got along well.
They actually paired up to explore the mansion willingly, and they didn’t kill each other.
That’s not the weirdest thing, but you get the point.
Liz – So you and me were teamed together?
Jim – Yep
Liz – Did we find anything or do anything interesting?
Jim – The first thing we found was a closet full of old clothing.
By the way, you look good in green.
After that we wandered around and talked to a couple of ghosts.
We did a lot of running away from scary noises.
Especially after I tried hitting that one ghost over the head with a fire poker, it didn’t care for my intent.
Finally we just met back up with Gene and Johnny.
Liz – Did they find anything cool?
Jim – Yes, they were playing video games on this enormous television in the living room.
Art finally sees Liz and approaches her.
Liz – Jim, you need to seek help.
Jim – Probably, but I won’t.
Art – Excuse me Liz, but have you seen Jim about here?
Jim – (In a silly accent) No sir, there has been nobody named Jim here.
Art – Son, those glasses suit you, they hide that ugly mug of yours quite well.
Jim – Since these are your glasses it must be an inherited family curse to be so homely.
Art – My boy, indeed it is, and if the world is lucky you won’t ever have children and pass on our cursed genes.
Jim – What about Johnny?
Can he still breed?
Art – In his current mindset, I doubt that your brother will ever attract a woman willing to bear his children.
Though he has got your mother’s looks which is a big help to that cause.
But it’s a dark subject on which we linger.
Have you got a hug for your old man?
Jim – Anything to do with both Johnny or Mother can be considered a dark subject.
(Hugs Art)  How was your trip?
Did you enjoy the ‘convention’ in Florida?
Liz – Did anything exciting happen?
Art – Well it depends on your definition of exciting.
If my exciting you mean ‘did I make a fortune and decide to retire,’ then no it was a dull trip.
Liz – I’m sorry.
Art – Don’t be.
I did get to ogle a great many women half my age wearing not but skimpy swimwear.
It was truly a wonderful experience for a man my age, or for a man of any age for that matter.
Well Elizabeth, I am truly impressed with your talent once again.
So much creativity and talent combined into a pretty girl.
You’ll make some lucky man very happy one day.
Liz – Thanks Mr. Trelain, Jim was just telling me what he thought.
I would appreciate hearing your opinion on what you like and dislike.
Art – Well, I must say I love that painting of Jesus and Elvis shaking hands, and the one next to it of them fighting the Ninjas.
It looks so lifelike, and it is extremely unique in concept.
For the rest, I’m not art-minded enough to tell you anything special.
Liz – That doesn’t matter, just tell me what appeals to you.
Art – I haven’t seen it all yet.
The other piece that really sticks out in my mind is that one about Gene.
Wonderful imagery, and you got his hair perfect.
Maybe I can give you more after I get a better look at it all.
But first I need to speak with my son.
Important issues involving the family, some not for your ears though as close you may be.
Liz – Suddenly there is another place I have to be, I’ll expect to talk to you later Art, I want to hear more of your opinions.
Art – I look forward to sharing what I know, or pretend to know.
Do you want me to make it sound deep and inspired?
Or do you prefer open and honest?
Liz – Open and honest, it’s easier and more helpful that way.
Art – Are you sure?
Because given some time I can actually sound like I have a clue what I’m talking about.
It’s not as useful per-say, but it sounds a lot better if you ever decide that you need a quote for a newspaper advertisement.
You could have a picture of a handsome male model smiling and giving a thumbs-up sign with the line ‘Art says: this stuff is terrifatastic!’
Liz – I’m sure.
I need some feedback on my work, and mother isn’t saying anything but ‘mmmmm hmmmm, I like that’ and ‘no no no no, that would never sell Darling.’  So far my mother is the only person who I’ve talked to about it, and she only thinks about my work in a monetary fashion.
It’s hard to grow without any criticism to help me light my way.
Art - Terrifitastic, the best parts of terrific and fantastic all rolled into one super term.
I think I’m actually going to use that from now on.
Terrifitastic.
That’s terrifitastic baby!
I’m feeling especially terrifitastic today.
I love the sound of that…
Liz – Art?
Art – Terrifia…Oh yes, criticize I shall, but as before stated, I know not art.
My world is full of playing with electricity while trying not to get electrocuted.
But for you, I’ll do my best and try to be helpful.
Liz – Thank you Art.
I’m going to find my mother now and see how the show is going through her eyes.
And too get something to drink.
Not necessarily in that order.
See you later Jim.
(Walking away)
Jim – I’ll catch up to you later Liz.
Oh, by the way Gene wants to talk to you.
Art – Does our beloved Eugene have something in mind?
Jim – Dad, its Gene…
Art – A stupid question on my part.
More precisely then, what does he have in mind?
Jim – He didn’t say.
And he wasn’t in the mood to be pressed.
So be on the lookout for Gene, he seems to have been a little preoccupied with whatever he needs to talk with you about.
Art – He wasn’t in trouble was he?
Jim – I don’t think so, he didn’t seem to excited, just anxious to talk to you.
Art – Ah well, I guess I’ll find out soon enough.
Back to the business at hand, your brother Johnny.
Jim – What about him?
Art – Johnny seems to be slipping further away from us.
Jim – How do you mean?
He’s never been all that close To anyone in the family.
Art – That is indeed true.
What I mean is that his grades have fallen from bad to worse.
I got a call from the school the other day, they informed me that he has been playing hooky often as of late.
He even seems to be angrier than usual.
Jim – I’ve noticed that he’s been in a worse mood than normal, but what do you want me to do about it?
He doesn’t like me any more than he likes the rest of the world.
I can’t think of anything I can really do for him.
Art – Maybe not, maybe not.
He may hate us all for all eternity, but I’m going to try anyway.
I can’t just let him waste away like this.
I’ll do my best by him.
That is about all I can offer him.
It’s all I could ever offer him, and it was never enough, your mother saw to that.
I failed him as a father so far.
We’ve all failed him.
The entire world, even God.
It’s no real wonder why he’s so damn angry with us all.
I just hope we can reach to him before he decides to get revenge on life for the lot he has been cast.
I don’t know how I would try to reach him in your place.
Just try.
Jim – As I said, I’ll do what I can.
But I think he’s going to either end up dead in an ally or in a psycho ward somewhere.
He still hates mother with all his being.
Art – She really messed him up, but hopefully we can help him let go, and then heal.
If we can’t help I’m afraid he might have to go see a psychiatrist.
Jim – He still has the letter.
Art – What?
Jim – He still has mom’s letter.
Art – How do you know that?
Have you seen it?
I thought I burned the damned thing.
Jim – Every now and again I hear him repeating it to himself.
If he doesn’t have it, he memorized it really quickly.
Art – Your brother is intelligent enough to do that.
Damn, he’s in worse shape than I thought.
How do I keep misreading the situation over and over?
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
Ned – Um, excuse me sir, but there are children here, would you please mind your language in front of them.
We need to set a good example as adults.
Art – Yes I will, if you’ll promise to set an example by minding your business.
Ned – Sir, there is no need to be rude, it was just a simple request for some common courtesy.
Art – You’re correct, there is no reason to be rude, and this is hardly the place for obscene language.
I just have other things on my mind this day, but I will try to watch what I say.
I humbly apologize for my rudeness.
Ned – No hard feelings.
Personal problems eh?
Art – Personal problems.
I apologize once again.
And now I return to my problems.
Ned – Excuse me, but I might be able to help you.
Art – Might you now?
How would you manage that?
Ned – With a simple word of wisdom.
One that always helps me in my time of need.
Art – Well don’t keep me waiting, what is this comforting piece of wisdom to which you hold the secret?
Ned – It’s not a great secret, just some people seem to forget it.
Art – You have my curiosity peaked, would you care to inform me of this oft forgotten knowledge.
Ned – It’s quite simple.
I can put it into three small words.
Jesus loves you.
Art – That’s it?
Ned – So simple isn’t it?
Art – A bit too simple.
Ned – What do you mean?
Art – Well you dangled me on a hook for all that time, only to build up the suspense for your great cure-all concept and then feed me with some nonsense about faith.
Telling me that I am unconditionally loved by that a man several centuries dead is supposed to cure all my ills?
How does that work?
Ned – When you realize that Jesus loves you, you will know that all of life’s problems can be overcome by faith in God, that is how it helps.
And if you take Jesus into your heart, then God will know that you are ready to receive his help and you will be saved from hell.
All human discomfort is just a test of strength to sort out the unworthy and separate the wheat from the chaff.
All humans really need in life is faith!
Art – Humans don’t need than faith.
Faith is just a crutch to lean upon.
A way to convince yourself that there is some reason for all the pain and humiliation.
Rather than grasping reality and actually doing something to help the world, people with faith just wait for luck to see them through.
Ned – What is it we need then?
Art – All people need is love and happiness.
That’s it.
Some happiness you can find on your own, without love.
Some of the best kind of happiness comes from love.
Not the distant love of a remote God, but a personal love.
Love of other people, or love of life.
How ever you find Love doesn’t matter, because happiness comes with it.
You don’t need faith in God to find either.
Ned – What a sad life you live, I hope you one day overcome your confusion, and you finally see the light.
I will pray for your soul.
God bless you.
Art – You’re a lunatic aren’t you?
I never really would have guessed until that last comment of yours.
I know a lot of religious people and most of them are fairly accepting of other people’s beliefs.
They usually don’t try to scare people into line.
Well anyways go ahead and pray, I doubt that it will do much good, but whatever, have fun with praying for my soul and so forth.
Oh, while you’re at it, pray for my dog’s soul, I don’t think he believes in Jesus either.
Ned – I will pray for you, and I will have my church pray for you as well.
You are truly lost, but God hasn’t given up yet.
Now I see why I was compelled to come to this sinful affair.
Have faith, obviously He has not forgotten you, and is even now trying to reach out.
It is true the lord works in mysterious ways.
(walks away)
Jim – I hate when that happens.
Art – That was the first time for me.
Did it happen to you before?
Jim – Not to me particularly.
Art – What does that mean?
Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
Art – Who and when?
Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.
Art – I remember that.
I’m glad he finally grew out of it.
Though he chose an odd thing to move on to.
Jim – Odd to an outsider, perfectly understandable to someone who really knows him.
Art – Yeah, but to go from protesting God, to joining a church within a matter of weeks is rather an extreme turn-around even for our Gene.
Jim – If it had to do with religion I would agree.
Art – If not religion why did he join a church.
Jim  - Why does Gene do most anything?
Jim & Art – The attention.
Art – How did he get attention from a church group?
Or at least the kind he enjoys?
Jim – Well I think it all started at one of his protests.
A group of college kids came up to him and started with something like that guy just did.
Then instead of leaving they started singing hymns praising God and Jesus and stuff.
Art – How did that ‘convert’ Gene?
Jim – I think I missed that part.
I wandered off to get something to drink, it was going to be a long day, and I was thirsty.
So I left him and walked down the store.
I was only gone for about 30 minutes or so and the next thing I know when I came back Gene is talking with these people about God and Jesus and eternal salvation and stuff.
He’s nodding along, and looking as if he is really interested in eternal damnation.
They lead him inside to talk more, and I don’t see him for several days.
Art – I thought I kept up with the wild and wacky adventures of Gene, but I don’t remember any of this happening.
Jim – It was during the divorce.
Gene’s response was to protest God.
Art – He is a creative kid, too bad his energies aren’t focused to a better cause.
If he’d apply himself he would make a fantastic fiction writer.
Ah well, Gene is Gene, doubtful that he would ever change.
How long before we get to the punch-line?
Jim – Not to long now, he couldn’t hold out long under the pressure.
Even pretending to be strait-laced was hard on Gene, he actually had to cut his hair and look ‘respectable’
Art – Was I really that out of it during the divorce?
Gene cut his hair and actually wore nice clothing.
I think I would have noticed that Jimbo, are you trying to pull one on me?
Jim  - This all actually happened, and you were out of it, you forgot to pay the bills for three months, and if you recall you wouldn’t take the time to eat unless either Gene, Liz or I brought you something and nagged till you finished it.
Art – Ah yes, food the fuel for life.
It doesn’t seem all that important to eat when your world is falling apart.
How long did it take for Gene to finally snap?
Jim  - He started spending a lot of time hanging out at their church doing bible lessons.
He actually applied himself to it, and was pretty good at debating the bible and other religious topics in just a couple of months.
Gene turned Conservative Christian, it was kind of scary for several months.
After about three or four months of taking bible lessons they decided to baptize him.
Art – Three months without offending the entire group and getting him-self kicked out?
I am indeed impressed by Gene’s willpower, I didn’t know he even possessed that much.
He didn’t last much longer did he?
Jim – (shaking his head) No.
At his baptism.
Well I thought he was going through with it, he had me convinced.
I thought he was for real and for true going to join that church.
Art – That boy could make a fantastic actor one day.
If he doesn’t wind up in prison.
Or dead.
Jim – I think God likes him.
Which ever God is out there.
That God likes Eugene.
Art – At that I can only wonder why.
Jim – I think it’s because Gene just doesn’t give up.
Either that or he just keeps God amused with his foolishness.
Art – Jim, that’s not true.
He gives up all the time.
When was the last time he actually saw one of his schemes through to the end?
Jim – His little plans are nothing.
If one fails he tries something else.
The schemes are just a part of his bigger goal of making a huge nuisance of himself and not getting killed while doing it.
Art – Wonder how much longer he will be able keep on chasing that goal.
Jim – Well, if he keeps his God’s favor, Gene will be annoying people until he’s one hundred and ten.
(Eugene enters and Jim sees him, Jim wave’s Gene over) Ah, speak of the devil.
Eugene – Jim I need to talk with Art.
Jim – You said that earlier.
Eugene – It’s kind of personal.
Jim – I see.
I’ll be over there.
Talk to you later dad.
Art – Indeed kiddo, we have some subjects yet to cover.
Eugene – Thanks Jim.
(Jim walks away, sits down and pulls out sumo assassin and starts reading)
Art – Alright, what do you need this time Gene?
Eugene – I don’t know how to begin…
Art – You don’t need money again do you?
Eugene – No, no, I just made some cash.
Art – Legally?
Eugene – Of course, I’m not a goddamn thief.
Art – I wasn’t aware you had a job, and besides some of the schemes you’ve come up with haven’t exactly legal.
Eugene – I did a little bit of a modeling job.
Art - (roars with laughter) You?
A model?
Eugene - Yes, I did some modeling.
What’s so funny about that.
Art – Gene, sometimes you’re like another son so I hate to say this.
You’ve not exactly got the good looks necessary to be a successful model in the ordinary sense.
What were you modeling for?
Eugene – I’d rather not talk about it.
Art – That’s not what I think it means, does it?
There’s no need to get into that…
Eugene – It wasn’t anything bad, just embarrassing.
Art – We all have to do embarrassing things for money from time to time, it beats starving to death.
But you shouldn’t have to starve to death yet, you’re always welcome at our home.
Eugene – That’s what I wanted to talk to you about Art.
Art – What do you need?
Are you planning on moving out?
Eugene – Umm, no.
It’s kind of hard, ummm.
Damn, I’m not sure how to say it.
Art – Take your time and think of it, there isn’t any hurry.
Eugene – I thought you needed to talk to Jim.
Art - It can wait for a few more minutes, it’s been waiting for years now.
I should have talked to him about it a few years ago.
Kids grow ups so damn fast, and there’s never enough time.
Eugene – I think I have it.
Art – Alright let’s have it then.
Eugene – Art, will you adopt me as your own?
Art –Uh?
Eugene – I asked if you would adopt me into the family.
Art – I heard you, I was just a bit surprised by the request.
I was expecting that you would need me to testify for your character.
Besides we’ve pretty much adopted you already.
You live in our house most of the time, remember?
Eugene - I meant a legal adoption.
The court thing.
God I hate that place.
Art – You seem to spend a lot of time there.
Might I ask why?
Eugene – it’s a conspiracy against me.
Besides wearing camouflage doesn’t make you invisible like I thought, it just makes you a little harder to pick out when you’re in the forest.
Art – No, no boy.
I mean, why do you want to be adopted?
You’re already a member of the family as is, the adopting process is just a formality.
Eugene – I can’t explain it.
I just don’t want to be related to Jerry anymore.
I want him out of my life for good.
This is the best way I can think of.
Art – You’ll always be related to Jerry, he’s your father.
When was the last time you saw him anyways.
Eugene – Don’t call him that damn it.
As far as I’m concerned he isn’t my father.
I hate that man.
Hate.
God I hope he dies soon.
Then I can dance on his grave.
Art – You still haven’t answered my questions, when was the last time you saw him, and what good will legally adopting you do?
Eugene – I haven’t seen him in I think five years now.
I don’t think he’s left the house since I was ten.
All the better if he never does.
All the better if that house burns down while he’s still inside in some sort of drunken stupor.
It would solve a lot of problems, but then I couldn’t dance on his grave.
I want you guys to legally adopt me as a symbol.
That’s all it could ever be.
You’ve pretty much been my family since mom left.
It would…I dunno, it would let me move on, help me to move on I guess.
Please.
Art – We’ll see what we can do, guess we should let the rest of the family know, I wish I knew how John was going to take it, probably not well.
Eugene – (Hugs art)Thank-you Art.
Art – No problem Gene.
Just a couple things I would like you to do though.
Eugene – What do you need?
I’ll do what I can.
As long as I don’t have to deal with Jerry.
Art – Nothing of the sort, these are pretty simple.
First, I want you to stay out of trouble.
No evil schemes or taking over the world and so forth, either go back to school or come work for me, which ever works best for you, just keep your nose clean.
Can you do that?
Eugene – I can try, but what if there…
Art – No, just behave yourself, I know you know how.
Do we have a deal?
Eugene – I’ll do my best.
Old habits die hard, but I’ll be good.
What was the other thing you wanted?
Art – Good, the second thing was just some information.
Eugene – What sort of information?
Art – Jim was telling me about your stint with Christianity…
Eugene – Oh damn.
Art - …But he never got to finish the story.
Would you fill me in on what happened during your ‘baptism’?
I know you gave a speech, but Jim never got into that.
Eugene – All I said is what I felt, that God doesn’t exist.
And then I called them all suckers.
Art – Jim did say they almost lynched you.
I can see why.
Eugene – Well that just stunned them.
The mob didn’t form until after I dropped my pants and mooned them.
Art – I understand their annoyance, boy sometimes you don’t have much sense.
You’re going to have to learn to control those impulses of yours.
How did you escape?
Eugene – That’s a longer story than the other one.
The short of it, is that I ran until I passed out in somebody’s back yard.
And they didn’t catch me.
I ended up not going anywhere for a couple weeks until I could grow a beard and dye my hair.
I think that they’re still looking for me.
Art – A lot of your stories seem to end like that.
Eugene – Yeah they do, but I feel that running till I pass out and then hiding in a basement for a month, is a better way to end a story than ‘they tore my arm off and beat me with it’.
Less pain, and the running is how I manage keep slim.
Art – I’ve seen you eat two entire large pizzas, and then sit down on the couch and watch television until you fall asleep and not gain a pound, exercising can’t be much of a consideration for you.
Eugene – Where did you think I burned off all those pizza calories?
The Gym?
Ha!
I run, a lot, it’s kept me out of trouble on more times than I can count.
Art – Well considering you can only count to ten that fact doesn’t impress me all that much.
Eugene – Funny.
Art – Yes it was.
Well, it was an interesting story.
Don’t do it again or ill hand you over to your intended victims.
Eugene – I said that I’d behave myself Art.
Art – Good, I just want to make sure you remember that you said so.
Well I have to go find Jim again and finish my conversation with him.
I’ll see you later Gene.
Eugene – Bye art, and thanks again.
(Eugene and Art separate, Eugene walks off stage, Art starts looking for Jim and looking at the show, he keeps walking an looking around until Karen asks him a question)
Karen – Excuse me sir, but is this the Lady Elizabeth Exhibit?
Art – Is that what they called it?
Karen – What do you mean?
Art – Last I had heard they hadn’t decided on a name.
Yes this is Elizabeth Struan’s show, assuming that is what you’re looking for.
Karen – Yes, that’s the one.
Art – Well you’ve found it, feel free to fill out the critique form when you’re done, she enjoys hearing what others think of her work.
Karen – Where are they at?
Art – Over there by the exit, pens and all.
The pens are free supplied by the gallery, so make sure you snag one as a souvenir.
Karen –I might do that.
Thank you.
Art – (turns to leave and search for Jim) Any time for a pretty young woman.
Karen – Do you work for Elizabeth Struan?
Art – No, I don’t even work at this gallery.
I repair electrical appliances and the like.
A simple television repairman am I.
Karen – Are you one of her fan’s then?
Art – I never really thought about that.
I enjoy most of her work when I see it, but I’m not really interested in art or artists.
I guess I’m one of her fans though.
Karen – Are you some sort of dirty old man?
Art – Well you know I usually don’t try to be.
Why do you ask?
Have I come across as one?
Karen – You claim that you’re not an art fan.
You don’t work for Miss Struan, and you’re not a family member.
Yet you’re here.
And you seem to know a lot about Elizabeth and her artwork.
It gives me the distinct impression that you are an obsessed fan.
Art – I never thought of it like that.
I don’t really feel that comfortable with the title of ‘obsessive dirty old pervert.’  It makes me feel as if I’m getting on in years.
Karen – How about we just shorten it to pervert?
Art – Noooo, that doesn’t feel right to me either.
Karen – Then what would you prefer Mister?
Art – Well, it’s a bit of a mouthful, but a bit more accurate than ‘dirty old perverted man’ or whatever.
I mean ‘dirty old pervert man’ sounds a lot like a super villian’s name or something, and I don’t really think that I could be considered a super villain by any stretch of the concept.
On top of that there is the ‘old’ part, I’m not really that old, I’m only forty-two years old, which may seem ancient beyond belief to a beautiful young woman such as yourself, but when you get to my level, well, it just kind of is how old you are.
It doesn’t feel much different than when I was in my twenties or thirties, well I’m in better shape now, which isn’t saying much, I was kind of a nerd back then and didn’t do much exercising…
Karen – Get on with it.
Art – Ah yes, where was I?
Karen – You were eventually going to inform me what you feel I should call you.
Art – I prefer Art.
It’s my name.
Well short for Arthur.
Karen – I mean your replacement for ‘pervert’.
Something to explain why you, a man self-professed to not being interested in art, is so knowledgeable about Miss Struan.
Art – Ah yes, well how about ‘Father of Elizabeth’s best friend’?
It doesn’t really roll off the tongue like ‘Art’ does, on the other hand Art is rather harsh itself.
Art.
Art.
My God, my name sounds like a sound that a dog makes.
Wonder why I’ve never noticed before.
Karen – Do you always behave in such a bizarre manner?
Art – Only on even days, on odd days I’m rather mundane and dull.
Karen – I take it that today is an even day then.
Art – It seems to be, let me double check.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
Today is Saturday correct?
Karen –Um I think so.
Yes it is.
Art – Well damnation, I seem to be off my schedule.
I wonder how I did that.
Well, guess I’ll just have to put off being bizarre until later.
I hope you don’t mind too much.
Karen – I don’t mind at all.
Actually since you know Elizabeth, do you think you can give me a tour of the show?
Art – I suppose I can, but be warned, I’m not exactly the most ideal person to give you this tour.
By the way, what is your name?
Karen – Oh I’m sorry, I’m Karen Smith, I’m a law student in a small school downstate.
Art – Oh, a lawyer to be.
Both smart and pretty.
My name is Art by the way, Arthur Trelain.
Karen – Pleased to meet you Arthur.
If you don’t mind, why do you feel that you won’t be a good tour guide?
Art – Well aside from the most important fact that I know next to nothing about art, I also tend to ramble on in strange directions when I make speeches.
And unless you want to here me go off about how the tiles on the floor clash with the paintings, well you may just wish for better company.
Karen – I don’t mind the rambling, at least if you let me get a word in edgewise to stop you.
Art – Well, I’ll try.
Where shall we start?
Karen – Why don’t we start with your favorite piece of Elizabeth’s?
Art – That would be difficult, since that particular honor is taken by her rendition of Dog’s Playing Poker.
Karen – She did a version of Dogs Playing Poker?
Art – She did indeed, put her own little spin on it.
Karen – Where is it?
We should start there.
Art – That’s the problem, it’s handing from the wall in my living room.
She gave it to me as a birthday present a couple years ago.
It was all done in spray paints.
It looks fantastic, in my opinion.
Tell you what, why don’t we just start here, with this painting.
Karen – It’s breathtaking.
What’s it of?
Art – I don’t know, I never got a chance to ask her about it.
If I had to guess, I’d say it was a landscape of the planet Mars at sunrise.
Karen – Oh, here’s the explanation.
It’s called ‘A Weekend in Nirvana’ and is the artist’s idea of what Heaven might feel like.
How odd.
Art – No, this is normal.
Karen - How is it normal?
Art – Oh, you were referring to the painting.
Sorry, I thought you were talking about me again.
What is odd about that painting?
Karen – Well, it seems like most people would paint what they think Heaven would look like, clouds and angels and harps and buildings that look like Greek Temples.
People don’t usually touch on what it might feel like.
That painting looks bright and warm, I like it.
It also looks soft, it doesn’t hurt the eyes, not like that one over there.
Art – That one does look violent, like a natural disaster, a volcano or something.
Both beautiful and deadly.
It’s really bright and painful with all those oranges and reds.
And the swirls, it’s like chaos.
I tend to get the feeling that this is Liz’s version of the big bang.
Karen – I could see that.
What about this box here?
It looks like it’s just a bunch of broken pottery.
Art – That I have not a clue.
Is there a marker on it somewhere?
Karen – Yes, there is.
Art – What does it say?
Karen – It’s called The Importance of Bubble Wrap.
The explanation explains that it is the artist’s trip of self discovery with other mediums, including the written word.
Really makes you think doesn’t it, she must be a genius, to go and do something like that.
To take the mundane and make it art.
Art –She just dropped some pottery down the basement stairs when she was trying to put it into storage.
She just salvaged that mistake as best she could.
Karen – You sure did take the magic out of that fantasy.
Art – I had to hear about it for weeks after it happened.
Some of the words she used weren’t very magical, at best they could have been described as explicit.
I wasn’t even aware that she new some of those words.
I must say some of the combinations she used were quite imaginative.
Karen – Were they?
I think I’d like to hear them then, too bad you can’t get away with calling that art.
Art – Why couldn’t you?
Karen – The censors would have a conniption.
Then all to them all the parental groups tearing their hair out and protesting.
It would be pure chaos.
Art - Some people say that there isn’t any such thing as bad publicity.
Besides, she could just call it a performance piece, as someone who has seen the show already, that girl performs when she curses.
It’s a sight to see, I just can’t tell whether it’s a natural wonder or a natural disaster.
One thing is for certain, someone will have to put a rating for the content on the posters and ads.
I’m thinking that nobody 17 and under should be allowed within a mile of the show.
Karen – Content rating, it’s just a form of censorship.
Art – I disagree, as a parent I find that it is a valuable tool to keep me informed of what will be in the shows and movies my kids watch.
Karen – How strict are you with what they watch?
Art – Not at all, they can watch what-ever they want to.
Karen - Then what good do the ratings do you then?
Art – They give me the heads up so I know what I don’t want to watch.
Sometimes the boys invite me to go see movies, and I want to know what I’m getting into before I agree.
I mean, sometimes the names lie, but if you ever see version of Hamlet rated Adults Only, well then you know that they went off the beaten path a bit with their interpretation.
Karen – An adult rated version of Hamlet, I wonder if that has been done yet.
Art – My wife took me to see one when we were dating.
I think it scarred me for life.
Karen – Your wife took you to that?
She must be adventurous.
Is she here?
I’d like to meet a woman like that, she must be very interesting.
Art – Sorry, she isn’t here.
Last I heard, she was on her way to a convent in Switzerland.
At least that is what she said in the letter.
Karen – Oh my god…
Art – That was right after she told myself and our two sons that we were evil sinners and that we were going to hell.
That and she hated us for tainting her so.
Karen – I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…
Art – What for?
It happened several years ago.
Karen –I didn’t mean to drudge up old pain.
Art - Ah, it still does hurt a little.
It’s not often that your wife of fifteen years tells you that she hates you and you’re going to hell, and the on top of that goes to become a Nun.
Karen – I shouldn’t have been so nosey.
Art – Bah, it’s ok, I enjoy talking to you, besides it could have been worse.
Karen – How could have it gotten worse than that?
Art – She could have told me that I was evil incarnate and that I turned her into a lesbian.
I don’t know how long it would have taken to have gotten over that.
If ever.
Karen – (laughing) That is almost the exact same thing happened to my cousin.
Well, she didn’t tell him that he was evil, just inadequate.
And that after living with him, she decided that men weren’t for her.
He never lived it down.
Nobody in the family would let him live it down.
We teased him all the time about it.
Art – Has he shot himself yet?
Or someone else?
Karen – Not yet.
Actually last I heard he was married again and they have two kids.
Art – Well he seems to have bounced back from all the pain and humiliation, he must be a resilient young man.
Karen – Well, he did leave the home first.
He had to get away from not only the family, but the community.
He comes from a small town, and everyone knew what happened.
I think he married a girl from Russia, one of those mail-order brides.
I think that she was desperate to get out of Russia.
The terrible poverty and such just made her desperate to get out of the country.
Art – Well as long as she’s pretty.
Other wise, well I can’t imagine that he has much self-confidence left.
Karen – I’ve seen a couple of pictures, she isn’t.
Art – Stay in Russia and have no foreseeable future, or come to the United States and marry a stranger who just happens to turn out to be a contributor to the growth of the lesbian community.
I wonder what would happen to the poor man if she decided to go back to Russia as a lesbian.
Karen – I don’t know, I hope it never happens to him, my family would make his life hell if they ever found out.
Art – A good reason to stay away from them.
I haven’t seen much of my family in years, those people are nuts.
They’re bizarre on the odd days as well as the even.
That and a rift opened between us about my wife.
I found that I preferred her company over that of my family.
Karen – And then she left you.
Art – Yep, and she called evil-incarnate.
Ignoring my family was one of the reasons she sited.
If it hadn’t of happened to me, then the irony would have had me rolling on the floor laughing my ass off.
Karen – Embarrassing things are so much funnier when they happen to strangers.
It always hurts when they happen to you, and some other jerk finds it funny.
Art – Isn’t life grand.
I’m feeling a might thirsty, would you care to join me over some coffee?
Karen – That is cliché.
Art – Give me some time, it’s been a while since I asked a girl out.
I’ve forgotten a lot of my old lines, besides I don’t really need to break the ice, we’ve been talking for a while now.
Karen – You’re not going to try to steal my soul or something are you?
Art – Only if you ask nicely, but I think it will have to wait until after the coffee.
(both head off stage together)
Scene 3
Later in the evening at Liz’s art show, but all the people are gone now, and most of the extra exhibit lights have been turned off.
Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
Do you need thicker glasses?
Art – Have you been.
Odd, I didn’t see you.
Though I did get side-tracked a little bit.
Jim – Side-tracked by what?
Art – I’m in love.
Jim – (Stares at Art)
Art – Pretty cool huh?
Jim – You’re in love?
Art – Yep.
Jim – When did that happen?
Art – Oh about four hours ago I think.
Hard to tell for sure, the time sure did fly past.
I mean, wow, I haven’t felt anything like this in years.
I don’t think I’ve felt this young ever.
Wow.
Jim – This is all rather sudden isn’t it?
Art – Well, yeah I guess.
But who cares, I’m in love Jim.
Jim – How do you know?
I mean this is rather sudden, how do you know that you’re in love?
Art – How?
I dunno, It’s just a feeling, I remember what it feels like from when I fell in love with your mother.
Took me a while to recognize it the first time, but now that I know how it feels, well there’s no mistaking.
This is great.
You outta try it sometime Jim, it’s great.
Jim – You know you sound like an older kid trying to get a younger one to try some new drug.
Art – Do I really?
Jim – Yep
Art – Well…Don’t do drugs.
But try being in love anyhow, it’s just great.
It’s even better than playing video games.
Jim- Better than video games?
That’s a tough call I think.
Art – I’ve been and love, and played a lot of video games.
I’d give up video games before I gave up being in love.
It’s a great feeling.
Jim –Wonder if I’ll ever recognize love.
Art – Well boy, I’ll describe it to you.
It feels like, well, hmmmm.
Well it just feels good, that’s all.
It feels good.
Jim – Gee, that’s helpful.
I think you’re making this up as you go along.
Next you’re going to sprout sayings along the lines of ‘Love is like an onion, there are many layers, and if you look too close it’ll make you cry’.
Art – Bah alright, so I lack the words and you lack the experience.
I’m telling you that I’m in love, and that’s a good thing.
Jim – How did it happen?
I mean, this afternoon you weren’t in love and now you are.
Is it anyone I know?
Art – Well, I met a pretty girl, we talked, and she didn’t run off screaming into the night.
I found myself attracted to her, and enjoyed her company from the beginning.
And since she didn’t run off screaming, and she did accept my invitation out for coffee, I got to know her better.
I wonder if she’ll marry me.
Jim – Damn.
We’ll find out after you see how she reacts to you telling her about mom.
Art – Actually she already knows about most of it.
Jim – She does?
Art – Yep.
Jim – Even the evil incarnate bit?
Art – Yep.
Jim – And she stuck around?
Art – Yep.
Jim – You weren’t pretending to be the billionaire dictator of a major software firm were you?
I mean you have that look about you.
Art – I told her that I was an electronics repair-man, that I fixed gizmos and so forth.
Jim – And she still stuck around?
Art – She even decided to spend more time with me.
We went out for coffee and talked for hours.
I’m seeing her again tomorrow night on a real date.
Jim – Are you’re sure you’re ready for that?
Art – Of course I’m sure.
Do I have to be sure?
What will I wear?
Jim – It usually helps to know for certain what you want.
At least that’s the advice that you’ve given to me for the last ten years.
Art – I mean I haven’t been on a date in over twenty years.
I don’t have a clue what I should wear on a first date.
Jim – Why don’t you just go in the same kind of thing you’re wearing now?
Art – Won’t she think that I’m a slob?
Jim – Why are you asking me that?
I don’t know her, and to be honest women confuse the hell out of me.
All I know is that the only way to appease them is to offer sacrifices of flowers.
Art – The flower trick is important, but it doesn’t always work.
You need to remember to compose poems to their great beauty.
That usually helps at least as much as flowers.
Jim – What if she isn’t beautiful enough to deserve a poem.
Art – Write a haiku then.
Or a limerick, just make sure it isn’t dirty.
It doesn’t matter, as long as you take time to make it sound good.
Jim – But what if she isn’t pretty.
What if the angry woman in question has a face like a horse?
Art – Then write a fiction novel about her great beauty.
The entire purpose of the whole deed isn’t accuracy, but flattery to keep you out of the dog house.
It won’t hurt her, and you’ll hopefully escape with your skin intact.
Jim – That leaves a lot to look forward to.
Art – It isn’t that bad, except for the constant being on guard so that you don’t say the wrong thing, but that soon becomes second nature.
Jim – What happens if it doesn’t?
Art – Like with most of the natural world, men who don’t adapt to changes don’t live for very much longer.
Jim – How do you always do that?
Art – Do what?
Jim – Put the worse possible face on things, all while managing to scare me to the point that I fear for my life.
Art- I don’t always do it.
Only when it would be really funny.
Jim – How does now make it really funny?
Art – It’s about time I passed on my extensive knowledge about women.
Jim – (nearly dies laughing) Right.
Art – I was speaking in relative terms.
Jim – Relative to what?
Art – Relative to your understanding of women.
Jim – But I don’t understand them what-so-ever.
Art – Exactly, which in comparison makes my meager gleanings of knowledge about women in general seem to be the definitive source of information.
Jim – I’m thinking that two nothings is nothing.
Art – Sit back and listen to your old man, you’ll learn something, hopefully.
Jim – What if I don’t end up learning anything?
Art – Then I’ll finally have proof that you were dropped on your head as a baby.
Jim – You mean you need more proof than my miss-shapen head?
Art – That would most likely be genetic.
Both your mother and I are reasonably smart individuals, as were our parents.
If you’re dumb, well then your head must have been tampered with after you were removed from the packaging.
Jim – Always possible, though I think if anything is wrong it’s because of designer flaws.
Well, shall we get going ‘O’ he who understands women?
Art – Listen and learn.
First of all, I don’t understand women, nobody does, some of the time I feel that they don’t even understand themselves.
Jim – If you don’t understand them, what makes you an expert?
Art – Do you think all TV weathermen understand how weather is actually formed?
Jim – Considering that ditzy blonde girl who does the weather for channel five, no I don’t think they understand the weather what-so-ever.
If she’s a good sample of that profession, I would be surprised if most of them could even read.
Art – They probably don’t understand everything that goes on in the atmosphere, and why it all happens, but they do have the years upon years of observation down so they can predict what might happen.
That’s what I do.
Don’t know how they work, but I am familiar with some of the more important signals women give off.
And what happens after those signals appear.
Jim – You’re going to try to teach me to be a ditzy weather girl.
Now who was dropped on his head as a child?
Art – I’m going to pass onto you our family secrets for survival.
Jim – You mean like ‘Don’t pee on an electric fence’?
Art – Exactly, your uncle had to learn that one the hard way.
But mostly the ones involving love and women and so forth.
Jim – I always wondered about him…
Art – Back to women.
I think you’re finally ready to hear about them.
Jim – You’re not going to go on about the birds and the bees are you?
Art – I wasn’t planning on it.
Jim – Good, cause you gave me that speech when I was nine.
Art – I was planning on hitting the finer points of the fairer sex.
I’ve figured that you already know what breasts look like.
Well on to more important things.
Can you tell when a girl is interested in you?
Jim – Nope.
Wouldn’t she just say something if she was?
Art – I’ve never had it happen to me, most of them seem to want to be chased, but for the most part our culture has taboos against women chasing men.
Though they tend to hint at it when they’re interested.
Jim – Hint?
What sort of hints?
Art – It varies.
A lot of smiling usually, for a while at least, but only until they get annoyed that we’re too dumb to read their minds.
Jim – Damn our infernal lack of psychic powers!
Art – Indeed.
The most important thing you can learn is how to play dumb.
And you already excel at that.
Jim – I learned from a master.
What more can you tell me about that whole predicting thing you were going on about?
Art – I can’t really tell you the tricks, just keep your eyes open and remember what goes on around you.
After a while you’ll be able to at least recognize some of their quirks.
Jim – Can you give any examples of what you’re talking about?
Art – Sure.
Take Elizabeth for example.
Jim – What about her?
Art – She’s in love.
Jim – Wonder who the lucky guy is.
Art – All the signs point to the lucky guy being you.
Jim – Me?
Your signs point to me?
I think your expert knowledge and skills have failed you dear father.
Art – No, they serve me quite well.
Liz loves you, has for years.
Jim – Right.
Of course she has.
What sort of magic pixie dust have you gotten into?
Art – I’m completely sober Jim.
Jim – You just told me that my best friend of many years is in love with me, and I didn’t even know it.
Art – That sums it up fairly well.
Jim – You have an odd sense of humor.
Art – Yes I do have a quirky sense of humor.
On this I’m quite serious my boy, I’ve seen the way she looks at you.
Jim – And where did you gain the experience to gauge a woman’s affections from a look?
Art – Your mother used to look at me the same way.
Jim – Oh wonderful, mother looked at you the same way.
Was that before or after she informed you that you ruined her life and were damned to spending an eternity in hell?
If Liz is looking at me like that…Why am I still even alive?
Maybe she’s coming up with some terrible forms of torture for me.
Art – It was when we first met, before she changed.
That happened well before you were born smart-ass.
Your mother was a loving gentle woman.
And she looked at me in a special way.
Jim – And how did you recognize ‘the look’?
Did your abilities just decide to manifest themselves at that instant?
Art – Your grandfather let me know.
He recognized how she was looking at me.
Well you see where this story is going.
He taught me everything I knew about women, as much good as it’s done me.
Jim – Makes me wonder why I didn’t end this discussion when it first started.
Art – The first ten years that we were married were wonderful.
They were good times.
It all changed after…
Jim – After John was born, I know, I remember.
Art – It was a hard birth.
Three days in labor, and then a C-Section.
Your mother was a religious woman, not too much so, but still more than I have ever been.
She was also suppositious to a point.
On top of all of that, her parents hated me from the time that she decided that I was going to be her husband.
I think that Johnny’s birth just made something inside her snap.
Jim – She decided?
Did she ask you to marry her?
Art – No, but she dropped hints, and that woman was persistent.
I had no clue what was going on.
Jim – Until grandpa filled you in.
Art – What a family tradition he started.
Jim – Did grandma go insane too?
Art – I don’t think so, but she died when I was six.
Jim – Not a good way to start a tradition.
Art – Nope, it could be worse though.
Jim – Yes it could, it could have karaoke as an integral part of the ceremony.
Art – Dad has more taste then that, not by much, but enough.
What do you plan to do about Liz?
Jim – I don’t know.
I mean, she’s my best friend, and she’s in love with me.
Art – We’ve covered that.
Jim – Did your dad ever cover what to do in such a situation?
Art – No he didn’t, most of his advice so far has been geared to identifying women who might give you a chance.
Jim – No tips on what to do when you have her?
Art – Nope.
Dad only ever dated one girl, and he ended up marrying her.
Jim – What the hell kind of expert on women does that make him then?
Art – One with a narrow range of study, limited to one subject.
But it’s better than what you have.
What do you think you’ll do about Liz.
Jim – I don’t know, it’s all a shock.
My best friend is in love with me.
Art – Decided what to do yet?
Jim – Nope.
I’m getting more confused by the minute.
Art – Well, seems that my work here is done then.
Jim – Off to save the world now?
Or just have dinner with your new love interest?
Art – Neither, I’m going to take a nap, the world isn’t worthy of a benefactor of my sort, and I have a date with Karen tomorrow night.
That sounds good.
Oh yes before I go, remember what I asked you about helping me with Johnny…
Jim – I’ve been thinking about what I’m going to try to do.
Art – That’s good, but I have a new hurdle to throw in.
Jim – What now?
Art – We’re adopting Eugene.
He asked me to do it, I think that’s the reason he wanted to talk to me so badly.
It needs to be done.
Jim – DAMN IT.
I mean… Damn it.
Art – You don’t think that’s a good idea?
Jim – Yes and no.
Art – How so?
Jim – Well, it’s great that we’re going to get him away from his father for good.
Even though he is almost old enough to leave home on his own.
Gene Is like a brother, I’ll be glad to have him, but that might cause serious problems.
Art – Such as?
Jim – Being his legal guardian won’t be fun when he does something else really stupid, like the time that he…
Art – I already told him, as a condition of our adopting him that that sort of thing would end, or the deal was off.
Jim – Good, the other thing is Johnny himself.
You know how Johnny is angry at the universe?
Well Johnny doesn’t like Eugene.
Actually Johnny seems to hate Eugene more than the rest of humanity on the whole.
Art – That bad huh?
Jim – Indeed it is.
Indeed it is.
Which is odd since Eugene seems to love Johnny like he was his own little brother.
Art – What irony, if I wasn’t hip-deep in it, maybe it wouldn’t make me want to cry.
Jim – Maybe we’ll get lucky.
Art – How so?
Jim – Maybe on the way home today we’ll get into a terrible flaming car wreck and get ourselves rather dead.
Art – How is that lucky?
Jim – It’s not, but it defiantly beats going home and telling Johnny that Gene is soon to be a member of the family.
And then spending the rest of whenever with Johnny…
Art – I vote car accident, but we need something that wouldn’t hurt anyone else.
Are there any cliffs between here and home?
Preferably one with several hundred feet between it and the ground beneath.
Jagged rocks would be good as well.
Make it a quick painless death.
Jim – Well, there’s Dead Man’s Curve, and the Cliffs of Insanity.
I think those would be our best bet.
Art – Dead Man’s Curve has been way over done.
And the Cliffs of Insanity, well, no.
Jim - What happens to be wrong with the Cliffs of Insanity?
Art – Nothing, they’re just not really all that deadly.
I mean what a misnomer, they’re only five feet high at their tallest, and for the most part they only stand two or three feet in height.
And then they don’t exactly qualify as cliffs with their gentle incline and all.
I wonder what idiot was allowed to name them cliffs in the first place, Don Quixote?
Jim – They’re the best we have.
Art – Well they’re not good enough for our purpose, so we might as well not even bother with that option.
Jim – Good thing school is starting again soon.
Art – That’s all fine and good for you, you get to leave town, but I have to stay with the boy.
Jim – Eugene will be going back to school too, so hopefully Johnny will be easier to live with.
Art – Maybe he will, and maybe the sun will fall from the sky and strike me dead.
Jim – You can always hope.
Art – I’m not that gullible.
Jim – You play the lottery still don’t you?
You’ve more chance of both having the sun fall on you, and Johnny becoming the ideal prodigy child than you have of winning the lottery.
Art – Yes, but playing the lottery is my choice, I may not have a snow-ball’s chance in hell of winning, but I don’t have to play either.
Now I don’t have very little control over Johnny, I wish I did, but I don’t.
The only thing Johnny’s shaping up holds in common with winning the lottery is that the chances are slim and all I’ll ever be able to do is fantasize about it.
Jim – If only you did win the lotto, then you could buy a nice tropical island somewhere and send Johnny to it.
Art – If I had my own tropical paradise, you can bet that Johnny wouldn’t be the one inhabiting it.
Karen maybe, but not Johnny.
Being alone on an island with a beautiful woman is far more enjoyable than being there with an angry teenage son.
The two don’t compare.
Only a sick man would choose the other way around.
Jim – Either way if you sold the movie rights they could make you quite wealthy.
Art – Well, as we’ve already realized, I’m not going to win the lottery so it doesn’t much matter.
Anyhow there is sleeping to be done, so I’m off to do it.
I’ll see you later Jim.
(Heads off Stage – Runs into Liz who is coming onstage.
Liz is carrying a rolled up poster.)
Hi ya Lizzy, looking for Jim?
Liz – Yep, seen him?
Art – He’s over there.
Liz – Where are you going?
Art – I’m headed home, I need a nap.
It’s been an eventful day.
Liz – But you didn’t finish giving me a critique.
Art – It’ll have to wait.
I need rest.
Talk to you later.
Liz – Bye Art.
Hi Jim.
Jim – Hey Liz.
Liz – I brought this for you.
Jim – Sweet my poster.
This is going where the old Legend of Zelda poster used to be in my room.
I think I’ll frame it.
Liz – What an honor.
Jim – This painting deserves such an honor.
You even got the Elvis’ hair perfect.
Thanks.
Liz – You’re quite welcome.
I signed it too.
What’s with your dad?
He looks distracted.
Jim – He’s in love.
Liz – What?
Jim – Art is in love.
Liz – Are you sure?
Maybe he’s just tired.
Jim – He says he knows the difference.
We discussed it and I’m going to believe that he does.
Liz – When did it happen?
Jim – I think today after Gene talked to him.
I guess he met her here, and then they went out on a date.
Liz – But that was only a few hours ago.
Jim – I know.
But he’s sure about it.
Liz – Wow.
Jim – That’s what I said.
Liz- You’re taking it awfully well.
Jim – Why shouldn’t I?
Liz – I don’t know, it just seems that in movies, when a character’s parent meets another person or gets married the character is always against it.
And then they usually seem to come up with a scheme to get their parents back together.
Jim – A scheme to get mom and dad back together, I never thought of that…hmmm, that actually wouldn’t be a bad idea.
Liz – Are you serious?
Jim – Hell no I’m not serious.
Mom’s leaving was the best thing that could have ever happened to our family, I’m glad to be rid of her.
Liz – Will Johnny feel the same way?
Jim – Johnny hates mom.
I don’t know how he’ll take dad’s new love interest.
Oh damn, I still have to tell him about Gene.
Liz – What about Gene?
Jim – Hmmmm?
Oh yeah.
This morning Gene told me he had to speak with Dad.
Liz – What about?
Jim – Well it turns out that Gene wants to be adopted into our family.
Liz – Are you serious?
Jim – Sadly yes.
Liz – What do you mean ‘sadly yes’?
Jim – I mean I would have to live under the same roof as Gene and Johnny.
Do you know what kind of hell that will be?
I thought living with mom was bad.
Liz – Well you can always come…
(Eugene comes on stage)
Eugene – I’ve been looking all over for you guys.
Jim – Well I’ve been right here for the last several hours.
Liz – I was mingling with my guests, and then I had to go and talk with mother about the show.
Eugene – Well since I found you, I got some great news.
Jim – The Canadian advance has been halted?
Liz – (laughs)
Eugene – What the hell are you talking about?
Jim – Nothing.
Liz – It was an inside joke.
You missed out on it earlier.
Maybe I’ll explain later.
Eugene – It’s like you two are married or something.
Anyway, I have good news.
Jim – I know, Art agreed to adopt you.
Eugene – He told you already?
Liz – Wait a minute, does that make the two of you brothers now?
Jim – I guess.
Eugene – What do you mean you guess?
Either he told you or he didn’t.
Jim – I mean I guess we’re brothers, Art did tell me.
Eugene – Wow, brothers.
I’ve never had a brother.
Liz – Neither have I, Jim, do you think Art will adopt me too?
I’d like to have a brother.
Jim – Johnny.
Liz – Scratch that idea.
Eugene – Johnny, that means I have two brothers now.
Jim – I thought your math was better than that Gene.
Liz – Really Gene, someone who is capable of at least high-school algebra should have caught onto that right away.
Eugene – I forgot about Johnny, with all the excitement of the day.
Liz – I wonder how much this is all going to cost.
Eugene – Do you think it will be expensive?
Liz – Court fees usually are.
Maybe this won’t take too much, unless your dad doesn’t let go.
Eugene – He will.
Why shouldn’t he.
Liz – It was just a thought.
Eugene – I don’t see why he would hold me back, it’s not as if…
Jim – Gene, did you ever find those Japanese tourists?
Eugene – What Japanese tourists?
Liz – The ones you went out looking for this morning.
Jim – The ones that you were going to test your new fear-inspiring name upon.
Eugene – Yeah, I guess I did.
Jim – What happened?
Eugene – I don’t want to talk about it.
Liz – Why not?
Jim – This’ll be good.
Didn’t it go as well as you thought it would?
Eugene – No.
Liz – What happened?
You didn’t find any tourists did you.
Eugene – I found them, a whole bus full of them.
Jim – What’d ya do when you found them?
Eugene – I don’t want to talk about it.
Liz – Did they beat you up?
Jim – I have a picture in my mind of a little Japanese girl kicking you in the shins.
How accurate is it?
Eugene – They didn’t beat me up.
Liz – Well what happened then?
Eugene – You’re never going to let me live this down.
Jim – Probably not.
Specially not if you got beaten up by a bus-load of Japanese school girls.
Eugene – I didn’t get beaten up.
Liz – Did they chase you off then?
Eugene – They didn’t chase me off either.
Jim – They didn’t beat you up, or chase you off.
I’m confused, it’s usually either one or the other.
Eugene – They laughed.
Liz – What did you do that was so funny?
Eugene – I just walked onto the bus and said ‘Boku no namae wa Godzilla desu’, ‘My name is Godzilla’.
Jim – That doesn’t seem all that funny to me.
Stupid yes, but not funny.
Liz – Did you trip and fall or something?
Or accidentally say something like ‘I like to dance with Godzilla’?
Eugene – I only said ‘My name is Godzilla’.
Liz – And they laughed?
Eugene – They laughed.
Jim – Did you use a funny voice?
Like the one you made that time you caught yourself in your…
Eugene – I said it in a plain voice.
And they laughed.
Liz – Oh, poor Gene.
Jim – At least they didn’t chase you off the bus, or hurt you.
Eugene – I did manage to make some cash, so it’s not a complete loss.
Jim – You didn’t rob them did you?
That’ll cause one helluva international incident.
Eugene – No, I didn’t steal anything.
Liz – Then how did you make some money?
Eugene – I posed for pictures.
Liz – That’s it?
They payed you to pose for pictures?
Jim – How often does one run into Godzilla while on vacation?
Liz – Look at it this way, you’re going to give a bunch of Japanese tourists one hell of a story to tell their friends and family back at home.
Jim – You’ll be famous all over Japan.
Eugene – As a laughing stock.
Liz – Better than having gotten beaten up again isn’t it?
Eugene – Yeah, I guess.
Jim – Besides, Art said you had promised to give all that troublemaking up anyhow.
Eugene – I know.
Jim – You’re not going to break your promise are you?
Eugene – No.
Liz – Then why so gloomy?
Eugene – For once I would have liked something to go my way.
Then at least I wouldn’t have gotten teased about it when I told you the story.
I wanted to scare these people, and I failed.
Once again I’ve returned as Eugene the failure.
Jim – We would have teased you anyway.
That’s what friends are for.
Liz – He’s right, you would have been teased no matter, this way you at least showed some profit.
Eugene – The out-pouring of love is overwhelming.
Jim – I know I know, with friends like us, who needs mobs of angry prank victims.
Liz – Could be worse.
Eugene – Yes it could.
And before you decide that it would be funny to make it so, I’m going home.
Jim – But Godzilla, we have so much to ask about.
Gene – Like what?
Jim – Will you take this stuff home with you?
(gives Gene the paper bag)
Gene – Is that all?
Jim – Well, now that you mention it…No.
Gene – Here it comes, I couldn’t have just taken the sack and gone.
Jim – Nope you couldn’t, which could give us the valuable time we need to come up with other stupid questions.
Liz – Like where you picked up the Japanese?
Jim – And if the tourists paid in Dollars or Yen.
Eugene – I’ll see you two later.
(Exits stage)
Jim – After you declared yourself, did Gamura appear and challenge you to battle?
Liz – Good bye Gene.
Jim – That is going to provide for hours of fun.
Liz – I think his feelings where hurt.
Jim – Maybe.
But I wouldn’t worry about it, Gene bounces back fast.
Besides, I think that being adopted into our family will outshine the entire Godzilla Incident.
Liz – I suppose.
Jim?
Jim – Yeah?
(Much gazing is done, at one another as well as elsewhere)  Damn, I don’t look forward to telling John that Gene is going to be family soon.
Liz – How do you plan to do it?
Jim – I don’t know.
All I know is that his reaction isn’t going to be pleasant.
Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
Jim – Not for a second.
Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
Jim – Very.
Liz – Why?
Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.
Liz – Are you sure you don’t want help?
Jim – I think the fewer people around the better.
Liz – Ok.
When are you going to break the news?
Jim – Later tonight I think, probably going to be me and dad doing it.
I think I’ll put it off as long as I can.
Liz – I think I would get it out of the way as quickly as possible.
Jim – On another day I might do that, but not today.
I think I’ll go and get something to eat first.
Every condemned man should get a last meal before being executed.
Liz – That sounds like a good idea too.
Jim – I haven’t eaten in hours.
Liz – Neither have I, not since before the show, too nervous.
Where do you think you’ll go?
Jim – That’s a hard one, I think I’m in the mood for some Chinese food though.
Liz – That sounds great, the place on corner of 7th and Dune is really good.
Jim – I’ve heard that, I’ve just been too lazy to go and see for sure.
Liz – Try the donuts.
Jim – Are they really that good?
You tell me that every time you go there.
Liz – They’ve got the best donuts anywhere.
Jim – A challenge that must be met.
I shall eat a donut from this restaurant, and shall judge them.
Liz – You will eat many of their donuts, and you will go home stuffed.
We need to stop, this is making me hungrier.
Jim – (as they head off stage) Would you care to join me in the partaking of the last meal?
We can feast upon donuts together.
Liz – (exits stage with Jim)
Scene 4
Hours later back in Jim’s basement.
Johnny and Jim are present.
Johnny – What’s the so damn important secret you wanted to share?
Jim – It’s not a secret.
Johnny – Then why did you want to meet in private?
Jim – We just need to have a talk.
Johnny – Right.
About what?
Jim – Well, important things.
Johnny – I already know all about sex.
Jim – Alright…
Johnny – I probably get more action than you do.
Jim – Really?
That’s hard to believe.
Johnny – Sod off.
I do.
Jim – Sheep don’t count.
Johnny – Go to Hell!
Jim – Come on, that was funny.
Johnny – I didn’t think so.
Jim – Where’s your sense of humor?
It ain’t healthy not to laugh from time to time.
Johnny – Who says?
Jim – The ancient Mayans.
Johnny – The ancient Mayans say it’s un-healthy to laugh?
Jim – Yeah, they did a lot of study on it.
Johnny – Why haven’t I ever heard of that before?
Jim – Uh well, our scientists have finally started to decode their language.
Johnny – They’ve just decoded the Mayan language?
Jim – Yep.
Johnny – And the most exciting thing you have to say about their discovery is that the Mayans believed that not laughing is bad?
Jim – Well, not the most important thing, but it’s the only one of their discoveries that has any relevance to this conversation.
Johnny – Where the hell do you find this crap?
Jim – Honestly?
Johnny – Yes honestly, unless it’s just one of your big secrets.
Jim – Ok, I just make it all up as I go along.
Johnny – What the hell for?
Jim – Why not?
Johnny – Because it’s pointless.
Jim – Maybe, but it’s also a lot of fun.
Johnny – How?
How is looking like an idiot in any way fun?
Jim – John, it’s using your wits.
Thinking on the run, improvising.
It’s a challenge.
Some times you win, some times you get chased off by an angry mob wielding torches in the night.
Johnny – How is it fun?
Jim – Being chased by a torch wielding mob?
Well it’s a lot like hide and seak…
Johnny – No, the ‘improvising’ you claim you do.
How is acting like a retarded lunatic  in front of a crowd fun?
Jim – It’s only fun if you do it well, and then because of the rush you get when you pull it off.
Usually at the very least you get a laugh.
Johnny – I prefer that people laugh with me not at me.
Jim – There isn’t much difference between the two, the only difference is how you handle it.
Johnny – Feels like a lot of difference to me.
Jim – You’re thinking of what Eugene does.
He’s being an idiot for the sake of being an idiot.
And making people feel stupid.
Johnny – Gene, the crown prince of retards.
Why the hell don’t we just adopt him?
He’s here all the time anyway.
Jim – Actually…
Johnny – What?
You’re kidding.
Jim – Nope.
Johnny – What the hell…Who came up with that stupid idea?
Jim – Gene did, he asked dad to do it today and dad agreed.
Johnny – Why?
Why does dad agree to let him in the family?
Did dad get too much sun while he was in Florida?
Jim – You’ll have to talk with him about that.
Johnny – Is the entire world against me for some God damned reason?
Am I that cursed?
Jim – You don’t have it that bad.
Johnny – How would you know how bad life has been for me?
Jim – You mean besides the fact that I’ve lived in the same house and under the same circumstances for as long as you’ve been alive?
Johnny – Besides that.
Jim – Johnny, do you still have mom’s letter?
Johnny – What the hell do you mean?
What does that have to do with what we’re talking about?
Jim – The letter she wrote when she left.
Johnny – Why are you asking me that?
Jim – I’ve heard you repeat it to yourself from time to time.
Johnny – Why are you spying on me?
Eugene – (Enters and stays at the edge of the stage, unseen by Jim and John)
Jim – What do you mean spying?
You repeat it over and over while sitting and watching television in the living room.
Johnny – Why are you bothering, it’s my business.
Jim – It’s all of our business.
Let it go.
Let her go.
Move on.
Johnny – Why should I?
She made my life a miserable hell.
Jim – She was almost as bad for dad and me.
We’ve let her go, you need to too.
Otherwise she’ll keep on making your life a life hell.
Johnny – She didn’t do half of what she did to you as she did to me.
Jim – Even what she did to you doesn’t compare to what happened to some people.
Johnny – You always say that, it could be worse, other people have had it worse.
Jim – It’s quite true, mom treated us like shit, but it still could have bee a lot worse.
Johnny – Who do you know who had it worse than me?
It’s not like I’m complaining about nothing.
The fucking bitch hated me, and she let me know every day of my life.
What could be more god damn mother fucking awful than that?
Huh?
Eugene – She could have beaten you as well.
Johnny – Really?
You’re one to talk, mom always treated you better than she treated me.
What do you know about it you spaz?
You haven’t even lived with your family for years now.
Eugene – Fredric beat me.
At first he just yelled at me, and beat mom.
Then after mom disappeared he turned his full wrath to me.
I think I was five at the time.
It was like a week after she didn’t come home, he blamed me for it, I don’t remember much after the first few kicks.
I think I passed out.
When I woke up it was days later, I think, hard to be sure.
He just left me to fend for myself, he didn’t care enough to do anything to help, he just left me lying on the floor.
I still have some of the scars, most have faded, except for some of the burns he gave me.
Jim – You ok Gene?
Eugene – I don’t know.
I hate that man.
He’s evil.
But I guess that doesn’t really matter right now.
Your mom might not have been the greatest mother in the world, but she never hit you.
She took me in, and treated me better than my father ever did.
I don’t know.
I’ve been trying not to think about it too much if I can help it, it’s just that all things considered I don’t have much choice not to think about it do I?
Johnny – Why don’t you do something about him if he’s such an asshole?
Eugene – What do you want me to do about him?
Johnny – Why not report him to the police?
Eugene – I don’t think that would solve anything.
Johnny – Why not?
Jim – Johnny remember the time when he called the police and told them that he was abducted by aliens?
And that he wanted those aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in the country illegally?
Johnny – Yeah, so?
Eugene – They have a picture of me posted in all of the local police stations.
I’ve got a reputation.
They wouldn’t believe me if I went in and testified that the sky was blue.
Johnny – Who’s damned fault is that?
Eugene – It’s mine.
For the most part it was worth it.
Especially when the news story broke that officer Roberts spent an entire week diligently patrolling the area while keeping an eye out for Martians who are in the country illegally.
But no matter, I won’t be going to them anyway.
Johnny – Then what are you going to do?
Eugene – I’m going to move on with my life, hopefully.
And keep the promise I made to Art.
Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
Jim – This isn’t going to end well.
Johnny – Five dollars says that he’s arrested by the end of next week.
Jim – You’re on.
I’ve seen him avoid getting caught dozens of times over the years.
Eugene – Funny, very funny.
The only problem with your reasoning is I won’t be doing anything to bring the law down on me in the first place.
Johnny & Jim – Right.
Eugene – I will keep my promise.
I owe that to your father.
Johnny – And how do you plan to resist making a nuisance of yourself for the rest of your life?
Jim – I would like to know that as well.
How do you plan to keep to the strait and narrow?
Eugene – I’ll find something else to concentrate on.
Jim – Like what?
Johnny – What could have such a draw to you to keep you out of trouble for more than fifteen minutes at a time?
Eugene – First off I’ll actually pay attention to my school-work
Johnny – I don’t think that will take enough of your time to keep you out of trouble, all those remedial courses you have can’t be too much of a challenge.
Eugene - Maybe I’ll find a girlfriend or something, I heard that girlfriends take up a lot of time and energy.
Jim – Just keep in mind Gene, sheep don’t count.
Johnny – I don’t think he has a chance with any sheep, maybe a goat, but not any sheep.
Eugene – Funny.
I’ll find my perfect match.
If a girl can fall in love with Jim, then I ought to be able to find a dozen women who want some hot Gene love, no problem.
Johnny – Who would ever fall in love with Jim?
Eugene – Elizabeth is in love with Jim, she has been for years.
Johnny – Elizabeth?
Jim – How did you find out about that?
Eugene – About Liz loving you?
Johnny – But Elizabeth?
Jim – Yeah.
Did art tell you about that?
Eugene – No, I’ve known for years?
Jim – How did you know?
Eugene – It was obvious, why else would a beautiful, talented, wonderful, intelligent girl like Liz spend time with you?
Johnny – He has a point.
Jim – Touché
Eugene – Wait, you already knew that Elizabeth is in love on you?
Jim – Yeah.
Eugene – And you haven’t done anything about it?
Johnny – What do you expect?
Jim is a very special child.
Eugene – Even so, having a girl like Elizabeth Straun feeling that way about you, and not doing anything about it.
You must have eaten lead paint as a child.
Jim – Don’t you mean lead paint chips?
Eugene – No, I mean lead paint, out of the bucket, with a spoon.
Jim – Not that I’m aware of, but that doesn’t mean anything, I don’t recall much of anything from before about the age of three.
So for all I know I could have eaten nothing but paint at that time,
Johnny – It would explain a lot if you had.
Jim – I just found out that Liz has feelings for me.
And why the hell was I the last person on the planet to find out?
Johnny – I think it’s because you ate lead paint as a child.
Eugene – I’d have to agree with Johnny, lead paint isn’t good for you.
Jim – You knew that Elizabeth felt something for me, and you didn’t say anything, what kind of friend are you?
Johnny – Maybe he’s Elizabeth’s friend more than he’s your friend.
If that’s the case he might have wanted to spare her from a lifetime of living with you.
Jim – What do you know about it?
Johnny – I’ve lived with you for a lifetime.
Nobody should have to go through that.
Eugene – And Elizabeth seems to want that kind of fate.
Johnny – I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again, Elizabeth is a strange person.
Jim – You’ve never said that.
Johnny – Ok so maybe I didn’t actually say it, but I thought it really loud a bunch of times.
Not my fault if you fools can’t read my mind.
Jim – Maybe you should think louder.
That’s assuming that you have something there to read.
Johnny – Any ideas I have will no doubt be superior to the Canadian Change theory.
Eugene – Oh not that again.
What caused the return that small piece of delusional fantasy?
It was funny the first time, but it’s lost some of its charm in each re-telling.
Jim – It’s not fantasy damn it.
The Canadians are coming.
Eugene – Sure they are.
Johnny – Right after the Martians.
Jim – I hope you like watching hockey, because in a few short years it’s all that will be on television.
Mark my words.
Eugene – Your words are marked.
But what do we do when you’re wrong?
Jim – I won’t be wrong, eh.
Johnny – What was that?
Jim – Just practicing for when we have to live under the rule of Canada.
Maybe it won’t be so bad, I hear that the Canadians are a friendly nationality.
Johnny – You’re weird.
Eugene – I agree, you are weird.
What Elizabeth sees in you I can only ponder.
Jim – First of all those were perhaps the most ironic statements I’ve ever heard.
It must be one of those instances of “takes one to know one.”  Secondly, I don’t know.
I’m as confused as anyone as to why I’ve attracted Liz’s attention and kept it for all these years.
But now that I know, I’m not going to complain.
I’m just embarrassed that I never saw it before.
Johnny – Is that all you’re embarrassed about?
Jim – What do you mean?
Johnny – Well you work as a Janitor, at least when you’re at school.
You have a job where you wear your name on your shirt.
Eugene – You don’t do all that well when you’re at school, and it’s not like you’re going to some high class college, you’re at a low end public university.
Johnny – And when was the last time you had a date with a woman?
Eugene – I don’t think it has been any time in recent years.
Johnny – It’s been a long time.
Jim – You’re questioning my love life?
Johnny, you’ve never had a date in your life, and some times I doubt that you ever will.
And Gene, well I don’t know where to start with you, the last time you went out with someone was during that week that you thought you might be gay.
Now I’m not an experienced judge of what makes another guy attractive, but I would have to say that your date was the single ugliest man I’ve ever seen in my life.
Eugene - Frank was not ugly, well he was ugly, but he was a nice guy and a good friend.
Jim – And let me guess, a good kisser.
Eugene – We never actually got to the kissing point of the relationship.
Johnny – I didn’t want to know that!
Jim – And that’s why it’s so damned funny.
Besides, you’ll need some knowledge about such things if you ever manage to talk some girl into spending time with you.
Johnny – Well, so what if I haven’t been out with a woman yet…
Jim – You scare them Johnny.
In fact you make most people uncomfortable.
It’s all the anger.
If you keep going on the way that you have, you’ll end up dieing alone.
Eugene – Just like my father.
My grandmother told me that he was an angry kid.
Johnny – Yeah, but he managed to get married.
Eugene – I wish he hadn’t.
Jim – If he hadn’t then you would have never been born.
Eugene – I know, it’s a paradox.
Is it better to live, but to live through years of pain and misery?
Or is it preferable never to have been born in the first place?
Jim – That’s a hard one.
I think I’ll go with having been born though.
For me life is good, even when it’s a giant pain in the nether reigions.
What do you think Johnny?
Johnny – I choose C.
Eugene – And what is C?
Johnny – If I’m going to be given that much control over my own destiny I’m going to do it right.
To be born into a family that isn’t crazy.
Eugene – I would settle for C.
Jim – Who wouldn’t, but it’s not one of the choices.
Which side do you lean to then Gene?
To be or not to be?
Johnny – What a stupid way to pose the question.
Eugene – Life.
For myself, I prefer life.
For others, I prefer choice.
Johnny – What does that mean?
Eugene – I choose to live, but I leave it to other people to make their own choices.
I don’t want to make their decisions for them.
Jim – What does that have to do with anything?
We’re talking about personal preference and you’re trying to move it up into the realm of philosophy.
Eugene – I just thought it sounded good.
Jim – Right.
Johnny?
Johnny – Life with mom, again…  I can’t decide.
Jim – If I were in your place I would have to agree whole-heartedly.
Johnny – Thirteen years of hell, or never to live at all.
Eugene – Which would you choose?
Jim – (to Eugene) Which would you choose?
Eugene – I already chose life.
Jim – So you did.
Johnny – Had I the power, I think I would have chosen never to have been born.
Eugene – This is a stupid conversation.
Jim – Why is that?
Eugene – We’re discussing whether or not we would have decided to have been conceived.
Johnny – So?
Jim – Since you don’t get to make the choice, it doesn’t matter much does it?
Eugene – No, the only choice you have is whether or not to keep going forward with life after you’re born, and whether or not to have children, well assuming you can find someone to have kids with that is.
It’s not like we had any choice in the matter.
We have as much choice in that as we have in who our parents would be.
We might as well be discussing when and where we were born.
Johnny – Why are we talking about this?
Jim – Why not?
Johnny – Because it’s depressing.
Eugene – Do you have something you’d rather talk about that isn’t depressing?
Jim - This ought to be good.
Johnny – I don’t know, I guess I’d like to talk about breasts.
Eugene – What kind of breasts?
Johnny – You know.
Jim – I don’t think he does know.
Be specific for Gene.
Johnny – Ladies breasts.
Eugene – Ohhh, I get it now.
Johnny – Took long enough.
Jim – Well what do you want to talk about breasts for?
Johnny – I like them.
Jim – Is that all you have to say?
Johnny – No.
Not really.
Jim – Well?
Johnny – Um.
Jim – You going to fill us in anytime soon?
Johnny – What do they feel like?
Jim – Why do you think we know?
Look at us.
I still read comic books for Gods sake, I’m a Grade A dork.
Then there is Gene.
Well Gene is Gene.
That was like asking a blind man to describe the color blue.
What made you ask us?
Johnny – You might have known.
You’ve got all those years of experience.
Hell, if Liz likes you enough to stick around all these years some other girl might have at least liked you enough to let you touch one of her boobs.
Jim – Well we’ve never touched any breasts.
Eugene – I did once.
Jim – When?
Eugene – Back a few years ago at the…
Jim – Oh yeah, the cheerleader at the soccer game against Leesville.
I remember now, that was another one you barely survived, with the angry mob, and all that.
Wow you must have been running for a long time.
Eugene – I just found a good hiding place, one that nobody would ever check.
Jim – Where did you hide for those three hours?
Eugene – Sorry, can’t tell you, trade secret.
Johnny – So you did touch a breast!
Eugene – Yes I did	Jim – Yes he did.
Eugene – Why?
Johnny – How was it?
What’d you think?
Is it everything I dreamed it would be?
Eugene – I enjoyed it.
I think I would like to do it again sometime.
In fact I wonder where that cheerleader is now.
Jim – Gene…
Eugene – What?
Jim – Remember that you promised Art that you would stay out of trouble.
Eugene – I would ask her first.
Jim – What if she said no, would you still try to touch her breast.
Eugene – Well yeah, I’m not about to do all that work to find her just to go home empty handed.
Johnny – (Yells)ARGGHHHH!
Eugene & Jim – What’s wrong?
Johnny – That pun was awful.
Eugene – It wasn’t that bad.
Johnny – It was terrible.
People should beaten for puns like that.
Eugene –.
How about you Jim, should I be beaten for that play on words.
Jim – I think I’ll exercise my right to withhold my opinion until after the beating is issued.
Eugene – I thought it was funny.
Well since you two don’t appreciate my brand of humor I think I’m going to bed.
Maybe I’ll get lucky and dream about that cheerleader.
(Eugene exits the stage)
Jim – I think he has a good idea, maybe the first he’s had in a long time.
Johnny – Dreaming about boobies you mean?
Jim – Yep.
Johnny – Maybe I’ll get lucky and dream about them too.
Jim – There’s a trick to dreaming about what-ever you like when-ever you like.
Johnny – Yeah?
What is it?
Jim – I don’t know, I wish I did, I would like to dream about breasts more often.
It beats than that stupid dream where I’m back at high-school.
By the way, congratulations.
Johnny – What for?
Jim – For forgetting for a few minutes that you hate Eugene.
Johnny – Funny.
Are you two serious?
Is he really going to live here?
Jim – I talked to Art about it earlier.
He’s going to be family, officially.
You going to be ok with that?
Johnny – I don’t know.
At first I thought it was one of his pranks.
He’s sneaky when it comes to practical jokes.
Jim – Don’t I know it, I’ve heard him come up with some twisty and twisted schemes.
All I can say is that I’m surprised that he’s lived this long.
Johnny – So he’s telling the truth?
Jim – Yep.
Johnny – Is the rest of it true?
Jim – About his father?
Johnny – Yeah, the beatings and stuff.
Jim – For the most part yeah.
Johnny – What do you mean for the most part?
Jim – I think he tones it down some.
I think he’s gone through worse than I can imagine.
Johnny – Why hasn’t he told anyone?
Jim – He doesn’t like to have people pitying him.
At least that’s how I think he works.
Johnny – What does that have to do with anything?
Jim – If everyone knew about him it would change how the acted towards him.
They would treat him like he was special and give him more lee-way.
Johnny – So, where’s the downside to that?
Jim – It’s just not Gene’s way.
He likes to create a nuisance and a spectacle.
He’s better at the former than at the latter, but he does try.
If people found out that his father beat him, well they would explain away his actions with some text-book psychology and do more to try and ignore him.
That would really piss Gene off.
I think that he just likes the attention that he receives.
Johnny – If it’s true…
Jim – If what’s true?
Johnny – The beatings.
I mean.
With all the crap that mom pulled, well, she never once hit me.
She was never that bad.
I hate her for what she did.
But, compared to what Gene’s dad did it isn’t worth complaining about.
Jim – Yep.
Johnny – How long have you known?
Jim – About what?
Johnny – About Gene and his asshole father.
Jim – Almost as long as I’ve known Gene, it helped me deal with mom better.
I could always say ‘well at least I don’t have his problems.’
Johnny – Who else knew?
Jim – Dad and mom both knew.
Johnny – Mom knew?
Jim – Yeah, I think that’s why she was so much easier on him.
Johnny – I doubt that, the bitch was heartless.
Jim – She was different back then.
Johnny – I’m glad to know that I have that sort of affect on people’s lives.
Jim – Enough.
Johnny – What?
Jim – Just enough.
Johnny – Enough of what?
Jim – No more of that cliché “everybody hates me” crap.
God damn it gets old.
You sound like a character from a stupid teenager television drama.
You’ve been sounding like that for years now and I’m just getting sick of hearing about it.
Mom is gone and she probably won’t be coming back so go out and enjoy life for a change.
Now get busy living or get busy dieing, but what ever you do stop living in the past.
Johnny – Cliché?
I’m not the one who just used a movie quote in a inspirational speech.
And I have the right to be pissed off.
Jim – Johnny, do you still have mom’s note?
Johnny – What do you mean?
Jim – I mean the letter she wrote us before she left.
The one that we were all the spawn of Satan and that she felt corrupted by being related to us.
The one that she said…
Johnny – To my family.
I despise the day that Arthur asked me to marry him.
I despise myself for ever happily agreeing.
Obviously I was blinded to the truth, but now I it, as my father had always insisted.
My biggest failure in life was not having listened to his wise words.
But I have paid for the arrogance of ignoring his wisdom with my very youth.
You’re all going to hell.
I won’t bother praying for you because it wouldn’t help.
Now I need to spend the rest of my life scouring my soul clean of the taint that you have put on it.
I hate you for what you are.
I hate you for what you’ve done to me.
You are all dead to me.
Jim – Johnny.
Johnny – She didn’t even sign it.
How do you get on with your life after that?
Jim – You need to find something else.
Dad had the business to keep him occupied.
Johnny – Yeah I know, he spent fifty or sixty hours a week there after mom left.
I didn’t ever see him.
A lot of help he was.
Jim – Some times all we need is just to escape.
Look at me, I read Sumo Assassin.
It helps me forget this world for at least some time.
It isn’t even a good comic, but it beats thinking about life from time to time.
Johnny – Why the hell do you keep on reading it then if it isn’t even a good comic?
Jim – It’s comfortable.
It’s safe.
It’s home.
Mom used to hate it.
But it was
Johnny – It drove her nuts that you would spend so much time reading “that filth”.
Jim – Mom didn’t need much to get her going.
Johnny – No she didn’t.
Jim – No.
Johnny – (after a pause) Jim?
Jim – Yeah?
Johnny – What do you think happened to her?
Jim – What do you mean?
Johnny – I mean to make he do all of that.
To change her.
Was it me?
Jim – I don’t think so.
Dad did say that your birth was a bit longer than mine, but that wouldn’t have done anything.
Johnny – Then why?
Jim – Do you remember Grandpa Davis?
Johnny – No, he died before I was born.
Jim – I know, and no loss there.
But do you remember what dad and other people said about him?
Johnny – All I know is that he was supposed to be a religious lunatic.
Jim – That he was.
He had started his own church somewhere out West.
Something having to do with Jesus coming back and drop-kicking all the sinners into hell, with the help of the truly faithful of course.
He was pretty much crazy.
Johnny – And we’re related to him.
Jim – Yes we are.
Course it didn’t make him all that happy.
That and he hated dad from the beginning because dad isn’t a religious person, and that dad had the audacity to question anything grandpa said.
They didn’t get along at all.
It’s amazing that mom and dad actually got married.
He spent years trying to talk mom into out of dating dad, and finally he all but disowned her when they got married.
Johnny – That’s news to me.
Jim - They didn’t talk about it all that much.
Johnny – Then how did you find out about it?
Jim – Oh the usual way.
Johnny – Which is?
Jim – I did a lot of snooping around and eavesdropping.
Almost got skinned alive when mom found out that I was doing it.
If you think mom made your life miserable, Grandpa Davis was even worse to his kids.
He fell in somewhere between mom and Eugene’s dad.
Closer though to Gene’s dad I think.
Johnny – Does this mean that we descend from a long line of crazy people?
Jim – Well maybe.
As near as I can tell, yes.
Johnny – I’m depressed.
Jim – (hands him a comic book) Sumo Assassin?
Johnny – What do you think that’ll help?
Jim – I find Skinny’s antics to be uplifting in times of sorrow.
Well except for the time that he managed to run himself over with the Sumo-mobile.
That was depressing.
Johnny – How did he do that?
Jim – Well he’s not the brightest side-kick out there.
Johnny – Then why does would anyone keep him around?
Jim – A couple reasons, first he can fit into places that a five hundred pound sumo wrestler would never be able to go.
That and well just look at his costume.
Johnny – It’s a bright orange Bulls-eye.
Jim – Yep.
Johnny – What is that sposed ta mean?
Jim – It’s Skinny’s other vital skill, he’s there to draw fire from the bad guys.
Johnny – He’s got to be the dumbest side-kick ever.
Jim – Yep.
He spent almost one entire issue stuffed inside a mail-box.
Johnny – What for?
Jim – To catch the Evil Mad Mail Bomber Vixen.
She was sending letter bombs to people and it was Sumo’s quest to catch her.
Johnny – Who gave him that quest?
Jim – Nobody gave him the quest he learned about it from watching the nightly news.
He was just really bored that weekend, so off he went.
Johnny – That’s just retarded.
Jim – If you think that’s bad just read the issue where both Sumo and Skinny died, and then were resurrected by the Schizophrenic Bi-polar Doctor as zombies.
Johnny – What did he do that for?
Jim – Not a clue, mom caught me before had a chance to finish the comic.
I later heard that it was considered to be both the best and worst Sumo Assassin comic ever.
Never have been able to find another copy.
Ah well, it doesn’t really matter.
Johnny – Good thing you don’t really like the series.
Jim – I never said I didn’t like the Sumo Assassin.
Johnny – Yeah you did.
Jim - I just said it wasn’t all that good.
Johnny – What’s the difference?
Jim - I like a lot of stupid things.
I usually know that they’re stupid, but I still like them.
Like those old monster movies from the 1950s, they’re terrible, but I still enjoy watching them.
Johnny – You’re weird.
Jim – Haven’t we gone over this before?
Johnny – Yeah, a bunch of times.
Jim – Then why do you keep bringing it up?
Johnny – Because you’re still weird.
And you seem to forget how weird you are.
Jim – And I’ll be weird until I die.
Johnny – Which will probably be at the hands of an angry mob when your innate weirdness scares someone’s kid.
Jim – Well I won’t worry about that until that happens.
I am tired, so I think it’s time for me to go and follow Gene’s lead.
Johnny – Good luck dreaming about boobies.
I think I’ll head to bed as well.
Been a long day.
Jim – Right now it’s all I got.
Night Johnny.
(Jim and Johnny exit stage)
Scene 5
November.
The basement.
Liz’s Jesus/Elvis posters are hanging in the background.
Jim is back from school for Thanksgiving.
Johnny and Gene are sitting in the couch playing video games.
Jim is also on the couch waiting his turn.
Liz is painting their picture as they do it.
There is a table set up in the background in preparation for dinner.
Jim – I get to play Johnny when you two are done with this match.
Eugene – I thought you called winner.
Johnny – He did.
Eugene – Then why did he say that he was going to play you?
Jim – Gene, you haven’t got a snowball’s chance in hell of beating Johnny at this.
An autistic five year old has as good of a chance as you.
Eugene – Not true, I’ve been practicing!
Jim – When was this?
Eugene – Earlier this week at the arcade.
Johnny – How much money did you waste this time?
Eugene – It was money well spent.
Jim – But how much was well spent?
Eugene – Ten dollars.
Johnny – How long did you play for?
Eugene – I wasn’t playing.
I was training.
It was hard work.
Jim – How long did you play for?
Eugene – Twenty minutes.
Johnny – You blew through all ten dollars in just twenty minutes?
Eugene – What do you mean blew through?
The arcade manager said he had never seen someone with my level of skill before in all his years of working at that arcade.
In fact he said that he’d never forget the experience of watching me play.
I’m just that good.
Jim – Did he say all of that with a strait face?
Eugene – No, he was smiling the whole time.
But only because he was happy to bathe in the warm glow of the presence of a true master.
Jim – Did he say that too?
Eugene – No, he didn’t have to.
Jim – I play Johnny when you two are done.
Eugene – How do you know?
I bet I’ll end up owning him.
Jim – Sure you will, just be sure to not to break the controller, I’m going to need it in a couple minutes.
Johnny – Are you two through yet?
By the time we start this game I’ll be as old as Jim.
Jim – You’ll never live that long.
Johnny – What-ever.
Are we ready Gene?
Eugene – Damn strait.
(The game begins.
Gene is dynamic and animated through the match.
Johnny is quite still.
The round lasts for about a minute.)
Eugene – What the?
No damnit don’t just stand there.
Block it…not with your head!
No…Gah!
Out of the way, out of the way.
De-ie.
Gppht.
Jim – That didn’t take nearly as long as I expected.
Johnny – Ten dollars well spent.
Eugene – I was gypped!
This controller doesn’t work.
I want a re-match, but I want a different controller first.
Jim – Is it?
I better test it to make sure.
Hand it over.
Eugene – I’m telling you it doesn’t work.
Jim – Well only one way to be sure.
Come on, give it over.
(Gets the controller)
Johnny – Oh come on you two are really stretching it.
Jim – Ready?
Johnny – Why wouldn’t I be?
And you better not blame this beat-down on a bad controller.
Jim – Who says there is going to be a beat down?
(The game goes for about 2 minutes.
Jim is animated in his responses, but not nearly so much as Eugene.)
Jim – Hey yeah, take that.
Oh wait outta the corner!
Out out, move damn you.
You’re making me look bad.
There you go.
Eat that John.
Ha ha.
No wait, stop that.
Jeeze.
Ouch.
Damnit!
You cheat!
Johnny – You loose again.
Jim – Gene’s right, this controller is screwed up.
Eugene – See!
Johnny – What do you mean screwed up?
You just suck at this game.
Admit it.
Jim – I do not.
The controller just doesn’t work.
I never once made my character lay down on the ground and look that’s what he’s doing now.
Johnny – He’s lying on the ground because he’s been knocked out.
Jim – Well he wouldn’t have been knocked down if my controller would work.
Eugene – Yeah!
Liz – Oh for God’s sake, you two are pathetic.
Jim – We are not.
The controller is just wonky.
I’m really pretty good at this game.
Liz -  I’ve seen you play, you’re almost as bad as Gene.
Jim – I am not!
It’s the controller, I’m much better than Gene!
Eugene – Yeah!
Hey!
I’m good at this game.
Johnny – Gene, a blind autistic monkey with one paw tied behind its back could beat you.
Eugene – Could not, it was the controller damn it!
Liz – Give me the controller.
Jim – What for?
Liz – I’m going to play Johnny with it.
Jim – Like that’s going to prove anything.
Johnny – Just give he the controller you whiner.
Liz  - Thank you.
(Johnny and Liz play, both making suitable movements.
Neither are as animated as either Jim or Eugene.
The game lasts for a couple minutes.)
(Running commentary)
Jim – How does she do that?
Eugene – I dunno.
Jim – Woah, I didn’t even know that was possible.
Eugene – Why isn’t she getting kicked in the forehead too?
Jim – Yeah, and how does she move so fast.
Eugene – She’s giving Johnny a run for his money.
(/Running commentary)
Liz – See, the controller works fine.
Jim – Ok, well we just suck it seems.
Eugene – Yeah.
Johnny – It does at that.
Finally, someone worth playing.
Jim – Where did you learn how to do that?
Liz – I’ve been playing with John.
(Goes back to painting)
Johnny – She’s gotten good.
Lot of fun to play with now.
Jim – Why don’t you ever play with me?
Liz – Because I hate watching you whimper and cry every time your fragile ego is crushed.
Jim – I don’t cry.
Eugene – You do.
Jim – Well alright, maybe a little.
Johnny – Last time it happened, you burst into tears and ran from the room.
Jim – No I didn’t!
Johnny – No you didn’t, but it sure was fun to say.
Eugene – Wish I would have said it.
Jim – Shut up “Godzilla”.
Which reminds me, did you ever get the pictures from the Japanese tourists?
Eugene – Actually yes.
They’re in my photo album.
They even wrote a letter.
Jim – What does it say?
Eugene – I’m not quite sure, they wrote it in Japanese.
Johnny – We translated part of it though.
Jim – So, what does it say?
Johnny – Well I think it starts out “dear crazy American.”
Eugene – And that’s about as far as we got.
Jim – That doesn’t seem like much progress.
Johnny – Well we came to a disagreement on one of the characters.
Eugene – I’m telling you that little house shaped symbol isn’t in the Japanese for dummies book.
Johnny – It doesn’t look that much like a house, it looks more like a mountain.
Eugene – House.
Johnny – Mountain.
Eugene – House.
Johnny – Mountain.
Eugene – House.
Johnny – Mountain.
Jim – So Liz, what are you painting?
Liz – Huh?
Jim – What great creation are you working on now?
Liz – Ummm, I call it “Dorks Playing Poker.”
Eugene – Where did you find the dorks?
Johnny – She means us.
Eugene – I resent that, I’m more of a geek.
Besides we weren’t playing poker.
Liz – It doesn’t matter you can’t see the screen anyways.
Johnny – You’re more of an Idiot, house-boy.
Eugene – It is a house damn it.
Johnny – No it looks like a mountain.
Eugene – Prove it!
Johnny – Alright, let’s go get the letter!
(Johnny and Gene exit from the stage still arguing about the letter)
Jim – How long has that been going on?
Liz – Since the letter came.
About three weeks ago.
Jim – Those two.
My God.
How long have they been getting along for?
Liz – Pretty much all fall.
They spend a lot of time together now.
Jim – That I never would have predicted.
Liz – Why not?
Eugene has always liked Johnny, and Johnny has needed a friend for a while.
Jim – Yeah, but…
Liz – They’re both smart, and share similar interests…
Jim – But…
Liz – Not to mention that they’ve known each other forever and that they live in the same house.
Jim – But…
Liz – But what?
Jim – Well I was just going to say that Johnny hates humanity as a whole, so how did it happen.
Liz – I think John finally let it go.
He seems to have learned that from Eugene.
Jim – Is that so?
Liz – Seems to be.
Jim – I wonder what Eugene has happened to learn from Johnny.
Liz – That I’m not sure of, but it doesn’t seem to be any sort of skill at video games.
Jim – That’s for sure.
I thought I was bad at games, but Gene, ten dollars in twenty minutes is just terrible.
I wonder if that include all the time he had to wait for a turn to play the game.
Liz – Knowing Gene, he really blew twenty dollars in ten minutes, but not by playing video games.
Jim – What do you think he spent it on candy?
Liz – Have you seen how much candy that boy eats?
Jim – Yeah, but twenty dollars of candy is a lot of candy.
I mean damn.
If he could actually eat that much candy that fast shouldn’t he be like 400 pounds by now?
Liz – Maybe he switched to some expensive imported brand of German chocolate.
Jim – Does that make him a junkie?
Liz – Not yet I hope.
Jim – So what are you painting.
Liz – I told you, “Dorks Playing Poker”.
Jim – I thought you were just messing with Gene and Johnny.
Liz – No, you’re playing games, but I’m calling it “Dorks Playing Poker”.
I like the sound of it.
Jim – It does have a nice ring to it.
Do you mind if I take a look?
Liz – Sure.
Jim – (walks over and looks at the painting) You got Gene perfect.
The expression on his face!
Even how he moves!
How long have you been working on that?
Liz – About a month now.
It occurred to me while watching them play once.
(from off stage)
Eugene – It’s a house.
Johnny – It’s a mountain.
Eugene – No it’s a house.
(Eugene and Johnny walk back onto stage)
Eugene – Jim, what does this character look like to you?
Johnny – Yeah, tell this dingus that it’s a mountain.
Jim – (Takes the paper and looks at it) It looks like an “A” to me.
Johnny – See it’s a mountain!
Eugene – No it’s an A-frame house.
Jim – No you idiots it’s an A, the entire letter is written in English.
Except for the header.
It was even printed from a computer.
You’ve been arguing about this for how long?
I swear you two must have been dropped on your heads as children, repeatedly.
How much time did you waste on this?
And then you came and wasted my time.
I swear.
Don’t you feel extremely stupid?
Well?
Eugene and Johnny – Sucker!
We got you good!
(leave the stage laughing)
Jim – Did I miss something?
Liz – Well yes and no.
Jim – That was the dumbest practical joke I’ve ever seen.
Liz – Another thing Johnny and Gene have been doing since summer ended.
Stupid practical jokes.
Jim – Gene promised Art he would stay out of trouble.
Liz – Well he hasn’t gotten into trouble yet.
You’ve missed a lot of stupid practical jokes.
Mostly those two play them on one another, sometimes on Art.
The quality of his jokes has suffered ever since he promised not to get into trouble.
Jim – Oh well.
Enough of this, how have you been?
Liz – Lonely.
(They embrace and kiss)
Jim – I’ve missed you.
Liz – I’ve missed you too, it’s about time you came back to visit.
Jim – I’ve been busy, classes are a bit tougher this year.
Liz – Finally going to graduate, you sure took your sweet time.
Jim – I was enjoying myself, besides when in life would I ever get the chance to take a class about the history of early Mayan painting and sculpture.
Liz – You actually took that class?
Jim – Yeah, they gave me four credits to sleep for an hour a day.
It was the greatest class ever.
Liz – You slept through the entire class?
What did you get?
Jim – I didn’t sleep through the entire class, I was awake for all of the tests.
Liz – But what did you get?
Jim – I got a solid D.
Liz – That’s barely passing.
Jim – But it is a passing grade.
Liz – Why did you even bother to take the class if you weren’t going to attempt to try and do well in it?
Jim – Well, I needed four more credits to be considered full time, and Mayan art fit into my schedule pretty well, so I took it.
Liz – Did you learn anything at least?
Jim – Yeah, I don’t really like Mayan art.
Liz – That’s all?
Jim – It’s also difficult to sleep on those hard desks.
Liz – You’re never going to graduate.
Jim – Sure I am, this spring.
Liz – You finally talked to your councilor?
Jim – Yep.
Liz – What did he say?
Jim – Well, the first thing out of his mouth was “who the hell are you?”
Liz – I told you that you should have talked to him sooner.
Jim – He said the same thing,  at least after he figured out who I was.
But then he told me that I was just about 20 credits from graduating, and at the end of this semester I would only need 8 more.
Liz – Did he say anything else?
Jim – He also asked why I had taken the Mayan art class, and a few others.
I explained and in the end he seemed to have been happy to see me getting ready to leave.
Liz – You’re impossible.
Jim – Yep, and its hard work too.
Speaking of art, when did you want to do my nude portrait?
Liz – How about this weekend some time?
Jim – Sounds good to me.
What do you want me to wear?
Liz – We’ll figure that out later.
I’m working on a new technique.
Jim – What sort of technique?
Liz – Dark painting.
Jim – Is that the one that involves using all sorts of dark colors?
Liz – No, it involves painting in a dark room.
Then you can’t see either the canvas or the subject.
Jim – I have just been insulted.
Liz – No you haven’t
Jim – I’m pretty sure I have.
Liz – Well maybe just a little.
Jim – New subject?
Liz – Sure.
Jim - Who’s cooking dinner tonight?
Liz – I think Art and Karen are.
Jim – Dad is going to cook?
Someone actually let him into the kitchen?
Liz – You’re dad’s a good cook.
Jim – Since when?
Liz – He’s been cooking all semester.
Jim – My God, and I missed it.
He must have learned only to impress Karen.
He couldn’t cook to save his life before he met her.
Liz – Who did most of the cooking then?
Jim – When we didn’t order out, I did.
Liz – I didn’t know that you could cook.
Jim – I can’t.
We ate out a lot.
When we didn’t happen to eat out, we ate cold cereal.
You’ve met Karen?
Liz – Yep.
Jim – What is she like?
Liz – Haven’t you met her yet?
Jim – Nah, Art wasn’t ready to bring her to meet us, and then I had to go back to school.
Liz – How long have you known about her?
Jim – In general, I first heard about her the day of your show.
I think he had known her for about four hours at the time, and he was already in love.
Liz – I didn’t meet her for about a month or so after that, Art invited us all to dinner.
Jim – For Johnny?
Liz – For Johnny.
Jim – How did he take it?
Liz – Not bad, I think he’s still trying to figure out how he feels about it all.
That and I don’t think that it’s possible not to like Karen.
I think Johnny has a little crush on her.
Jim – Is she that nice?
Liz – Nice, smart, pretty.
Karen has it all.
I sometimes wish that I were more like her?
Jim – Wha?
Liz – I just wish I was more like Karen.
Jim – How so?
Liz – What do you mean?
Jim – Sorry I’m confused about the whole subject.
Liz – What is there to be confused about?
I’d just like to be more like Karen.
Jim –Liz you’re perfect as you are.
You’re gorgeous, intelligent and extremely talented.
Liz – Do you really think so?
Jim – Of course I do.
I think most women probably want to be more like you.
Liz – (Kisses Jim) Thank you.
Jim – I just call them as I see them.
Liz – Well I’m going to go check to see how Art is doing with the turkey.
Jim – You do that, I’ll start looking for the number that pizza parlor uptown.
(Liz exits the stage)
Jim – (To himself out loud) Well, at least I caught it on the first bounce, I could have gotten into much trouble had I missed a chance to drop a complement.
(Jim walks over to the couch and sits down, taking out a new addition of S-A and starts to read it, momentarily both Eugene and Johnny enter)
Eugene – Ok, this time I’m going to crush you!
I mean it, no holding back!
Johnny – Right.
Eugene – You’re going to be humiliated.
I didn’t play with my fullest potential before.
Johnny – Uh-huh
Eugene – Just remember when its all over that it’s just a game, don’t get suicidal or anything.
I mean I was kind of hungry, but now that we’ve eaten I don’t have anything to distract me from handing out the beat-down.
Johnny – Will do.
Eugene – Its going to be bad for you, maybe we shouldn’t play it’ll save you a lot pain.
Johnny – I think I can handle it.
Eugene – Are you sure?
It’s going to really hurt!
I have some great moves that I didn’t use before.
Johnny – You ready?
Eugene – Uh, yeah.
Just making sure you didn’t want to back out.
Just want to save you from as much hurt as possible.
Johnny – Why thanks.
Shall we?
Eugene – Um sure, prepare to be owned.
Johnny – Okay.
Eugene – You done preparing?
Or do you need more time?
Johnny – I was born ready.
Let’s get started.
Eugene – Alright, let’s get going.
Are you sure you don’t need more time to prepare?
I’m in no hurry.
Johnny – Let’s play.
Eugene – Okay!
Uh-oh!
Johnny – What’s wrong?
Eugene – Oh the pain!
Johnny – Now what?
Eugene – I have to goto the bathroom, take a few minutes to warm up, you’ll need it.
Johnny – Don’t fall in.
(Eugene leaves the stage in a noticeable hurry)
Johnny – What’s his problem?
Jim – Aside from his inability to master Super Karate-Master 6000?
Johnny – He sure does suck at this game, I’ve seen him get stomped by 7 year olds at the arcade.
Jim – Gaming isn’t his strong point.
Johnny – No doubt about that.
But what is his strong point?
Jim – Eugene has two major skills as far as I know.
(A moment of silence)
Johnny – What are they?
Jim – Oh, I thought we had gone over this before.
Johnny – Not that I recall.
What is Gene good at?
Jim – His two super-powers are his wondrous ability to bull-shit and the propensity not to be bothered by being completely embarrassed when he gets himself into extremely awkward and stupid situations.
Johnny – Awkward situations?
You mean like when he…
Jim - …Yep, like that.
Johnny – And with the nude pictures…
Jim - …Uh-huh.
Johnny – And the mascot costume and the fake blood?
Jim – He survived the angry mob didn’t he?
Johnny – But super-powers?
Jim – They seem to be.
And if they aren’t, they sure could be.
Johnny – I’m surprised that he’s survived to be as old as he has.
Jim – I’m not sure, but I think he’s impervious to bullets too.
Johnny – Has someone shot at him too?
Jim – Not while I was around, but I wouldn’t bet against it.
Speaking of Gene, how far along have we gotten in adopting him.
Johnny – Nowhere.
Jim – What do you mean?
I thought Art was going to start right away.
Johnny – He did, but Gene’s dad wouldn’t sign any papers.
Jim – Isn’t Gene old enough to get around that?
I thought that the adoption was only a formal thing we were doing.
Johnny – You’d like to think that, but there was some sort of obscure law and it all fell apart.
Jim – How strangely inconvenient.
Johnny – Yeah it is.
Jim?
Jim – What?
Johnny – I feel like I’m being watched.
Jim – What?
Johnny – You know, like in the movie the Truman show.
Some times I feel like cameras following my every move.
It’s creepy.
Jim – That’s rather paranoid.
Johnny – I know.
I know it is.
But when something like that happens, well all I can usually think of is how it makes good drama for anyone out there watching.
Jim – It might be entertaining.
I’ll have to keep this in mind and actually go out and be more exciting, my sitting around and reading comics all day can’t be much of a drawing factor to the Johnny Show.
Johnny – Or all the times you masturbate.
Jim – I think that they would at least censor that…maybe cut to commercial.
Johnny – That’s a lot of time wasted on commercials.
Jim – The network must be making a killing.
Wait a minute, why are we talking about this?
Johnny – I don’t know, what were we talking about before?
Jim – Um, Truman Show, cameras, Eugene not being allowed to be adopted.
Yeah, what the hell?
Why aren’t we allowed to adopt him?
Johnny – Well Eugene’s father’s attorney found some obscure law that said that Gene could never be adopted by anyone while the father was still alive.
Jim – That’s it?
Johnny – Yep, the judge ruled in favor of Gene’s father.
As long as he’s alive Gene needs his permission to be adopted by anyone.
Gene’s father wouldn’t ever let that happen because Gene would be happy.
The bastard is a total sadist.
Jim – What if Gene’s mother gave us permission.
Johnny – Wouldn’t work.
Jim – Why not?
Johnny – Firstly nobody can find Gene’s mom.
Gene’s father tried and failed, Gene tried and failed, the state tried and failed.
Jim – But if we did it…
Johnny - …If we did it, it still wouldn’t matter.
Only his father can give permission.
Jim – That seems rather sexist.
Johnny – Yeah, but its a hundred and fifty year old law what do you expect.
Jim – Why didn’t the judge rule against such a stupid law?
Johnny – That putz?
Well what do you expect from an old conservative warhorse?
To accept change and strike down a stupid pointless law?
That judge is at least as crazy as Gene’s father.
Besides I think that some money changed hands somewhere in there.
Liz enters
Jim – Possible, always possible.
How was dinner going Liz?
Liz – They’ll be ready in less than about an hour.
So what are you two talking about?
Jim & Johnny – Eugene.
Liz – The legal problems?
Johnny – What else.
Liz – Good point, he has been well behaved lately.
At least as far as I know.
I guess there isn’t much else to talk about.
(To Jim) So you know that Art isn’t allowed to adopt him.
Jim – That’s what Johnny was saying.
How is Gene taking it all?
Liz – Surprisingly well, at least after the first couple weeks.
He was really down in the dumps for a while.
Jim – How did you guys snap him out of his funk?
Liz – We didn’t
Johnny – He just came out of it one day.
Jim – Oh damn.
Liz – Think it’s a front?
Jim – Could be.
Johnny – Maybe he wasn’t serious about wanting to be adopted.
Jim – I think he was very serious about being adopted by us.
Johnny – I know.
I wish there was some way to help him.
Jim – Yeah I…Wait, did I just hear you correctly?
Johnny – What do you mean?
Jim – That you wanted to help Gene out?
Johnny – Why shouldn’t I?
Gene is my friend.
Jim – Just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly.
Johnny – What’s that sposed to mean?
Jim – Well..
Liz – Johnny you remember a couple months ago when you said you wished that Gene would just hurry up and get himself killed?
Johnny – Yeah, so?
Liz – It’s hard to forget that you said that just a few months ago.
It’s a big change for such a short time.
Jim – It’s a big change.
Johnny – So people change some times, big deal.
Jim – It’s a good change.
Have you been much happier since Gene moved in?
Johnny – Gene moved in years ago.
Jim – I mean officially.
Johnny – Mostly I guess.
Except for…
Liz – For what?
Johnny – I was disappointed when I found out that we wouldn’t be able to adopt Gene.
Jim – Maybe there’s something we can do to change the judges mind.
Liz – Not likely.
Jim – Why not?
Johnny – The man has made up his mind.
Jim – Could we get the law struck down as pointless and un-constitutional?
Liz – It would cost too much money.
Jim – We could hold a fund raiser.
Johnny – Is that the best you can come up with?
Jim – What’s wrong with the idea?
Liz – Think long and hard for a minute about all the people Gene has pissed off over the years.
How many of them do you think would donate money to help him out.
Jim – Point made.
Well isn’t there some sort of loophole we can take advantage of?
Liz – We looked.
The only thing that comes close is a clause that makes the whole argument null and void if Eugene’s father dies.
Johnny – And his father is healthy as an ox.
Jim – Damn.
I’m out of ideas.
Liz - I know, what would Sumo Assassin do at a time like this?
Johnny – Soil his diaper.
Liz – No really, what would he do?
Jim – I don’t think it would apply to our situation?
Liz – Why not?
Jim – It just wouldn’t
Liz – What would he do?
Jim – Sumo Assassin would race to the courthouse on the Sumo-mobile crash it through the walls and then Aunt Jeihmima the judge, backing over him once or twice to make sure that the judge would stay down.
That would only happen after Eugene’s father received the same treatment.
Liz – I guess that wouldn’t work here.
Jim – Nope.
Guess we have two choices here, wait till Gene’s father dies and then move forward with the adoption, or forget it all.
Johnny – I hate waiting.
Can’t we pray for Eugene’s father to get hit by a train or something?
Jim – I don’t think it usually works like that.
Liz – They do say that god works in mysterious ways.
Jim – I think that they don’t usually ascribe a man being hit by a train as an act of God.
Johnny – What would they call it then?
Jim – Drunkenness.
Or plain stupidity.
Eugene’s dad never leaves the house anyways.
The train would have to crash through his bedroom wall to get to him.
Johnny – Well it might happen.
Jim – That house is at least 10 miles from any railroad tracks.
The man has a better chance of being struck by lightning while winning the lottery than he does of being hit by a train while sitting in his bedroom.
I’m pretty sure Gene’s father won’t be hit by a train.
Unless…
Johnny – Unless what?
Jim – Unless a tornado drops one on him.
Liz – That won’t happen.
We haven’t had a tornado here in 50 years at least.
Johnny – Very funny.
Jim - We can always hope though.
It’d be the easiest way to solve the problem.
Johnny – How so?
By not doing anything?
Jim – We could get a voodoo doll of him and poke it with pins.
Johnny – That won’t work.
Liz – How do you know?
Johnny – I tried it already.
Jim - Who on?
Johnny – Who do you think?
Liz – So that’s why Eugene is so terrible at all of the video games you two play.
You know that’s not very sporting of you.
Johnny – I didn’t use voodoo on Gene.
Well not lately anyways.
Jim – Mom.
Johnny – Yep.
Jim – How do you know it didn’t work?
Johnny – Well she’s still alive.
Even after I dropped the bowling ball on the doll.
I even stuffed it with catnip and gave it to Mrs. Kodger’s cats.
That doll didn’t last very long from all the abuse it received, but mom did.
Jim – Maybe you didn’t do it right.
Johnny – Hey, I followed the instructions that came with it to the letter.
It doesn’t work.
Voodoo dolls are a waste of time.
Liz – Aren’t you supposed to use ingredients like goats blood to create a potion?
Johnny – That’s what the instructions said to do.
This one said to use the blood of a Dodo bird.
Jim – And you still did it?
Johnny – Of course!
Liz – Where did you get the Dodo’s blood?
Johnny – I didn’t actually use Dodo blood.
Liz – Why not?
Isn’t that what the recipe called for?
Johnny – I couldn’t find any.
It seems that Dodo birds have been extinct for over a hundred years.
Jim – Is that when you gave up?
Johnny – No, I went through with it anyways.
Jim – What did you use then?
Johnny – Food coloring.
Liz – You used red food coloring in place of chicken’s blood?
Johnny – No, I used yellow food coloring.
We were out of red at the time.
Jim – Perhaps that is why you’re attempt at using dark magic failed.
However I doubt that voodoo curses would solve our problems anyhow.
Liz – Red food coloring would have been a little better, but not much.
Jim – You could have at least used Tabasco sauce or something, we always have that.
Johnny – I didn’t think it would matter what I put in if I didn’t have the Dodo blood.
Liz – Good point.
Jim – Guess we can discount using dark magic or voodoo to solve the problem of Gene’s father.
Johnny – What do you suggest then?
Jim – I dunno, just wait I guess.
Johnny – And then what?
Jim – And hope that he spontaneously combusts.
Johnny – Spontaneously combusts.
Liz – Which is about as likely as his getting hit by a train while he’s sitting in his living room.
Johnny – You’re a lot of help.
Jim – What can I say?
I’m a fountain of wisdom.
Johnny – Don’t you want to adopt Gene?
Jim – Yes, I’d like to have Gene as a member of the family, which is a weird thing to say.
Johnny – Then why do you keep goofing of?
Why don’t you try to help?
Jim – Johnny, if what you’ve told me is correct then all we can really do is wait and hope that Eugene’s father finally dies and goes to hell.
Liz – He’s right Johnny, there isn’t anything we can do but wait till he dies.
Jim – We could give voodoo another shot.
Else it’s wait for Eugene’s father to burst into flames on his own.
Johnny – Funny.
Jim – We don’t have many options, aside from murder and I’m not willing to go that far.
Liz – That’s not even funny.
Don’t joke about that.
Jim – It wasn’t a joke.
Just the truth.
Liz – I’m going to check on dinner.
(Liz exits)
Jim – What was that all about?
Johnny – You tell me, you’re dating her.
Jim – I didn’t get a blip on my radar.
Johnny – What’s that sposed to mean?
Jim – Nothing.
Johnny – No, really what did that mean.
Jim – It means that I didn’t see that coming and I don’t know why it happened.
If you want to know more ask dad about women.
Johnny – Ask dad about women?
You have to be kidding.
Anyway I’m going to check on dinner too.
(Johnny exits stage, leaving Jim to go back to Sumo Assassin)
Scene 6
The basement, the table is in the forefront now.
Jim is still reading Sumo Assassin while lying on a couch at the edge of the stag.
The other characters bring in the various courses and implements necessary for Thanksgiving dinner.
Slowly everyone else trickles in, starting with Art and Karen.
Art – (Shouts) Jim where are you?
Jim – (Sits up) Right here, where I’ve been for the last twenty minutes.
Art – Why haven’t you been helping out?
Jim – Um, because there were already a bunch of people.
And you didn’t need any more to get in the way.
Besides, I wanted to catch up with Sumo here.
Art – That stupid comic book still…
Jim – Well yeah, I don’t know anyone in the real world named Sumo.
Art – What about that fat kid down the block?
Wasn’t he nicknamed Sumo?
Jim – That was Tubbo, and it was only a nick name we gave him.
I wanted to name him Sumo, but he refused to wear the loincloth.
Art – I don’t blame him.
Jim – Neither do I, but still, it would have been funny to see.
Art – Son, seeing large naked butt being framed by a loincloth usually doesn’t classify as fun.
Jim – Tell that to millions of Japanese people.
Art – You see that is completely cultural.
In our county it is considered unusual to enjoy watching two very fat men in loincloths grapple with one another.
Jim – I am not unusual.
Art - On to more important matters.
Jim, this is Karen.
Karen here’s my oldest son Jim.
Karen – Hi.
(They shake hands)
Jim – Good to finally meet you.
Karen – Art has told me a lot about you.
So has Elizabeth.
Jim – They’ve told you a lot about me?
Karen – Yes they have.
Jim – Was any of it mildly interesting?
Karen – I thought so.
Jim – The must have lied then.
Karen – Art, you didn’t mention that he was witty.
Art – What wit?
I believe that he was serious.
Jim – If Dad and Liz told you a lot about me, then they must have been lying about most of it.
I’m not really that interesting.
Karen – You like the comic Sumo Assassin, that in itself if interesting.
Jim – You’ve heard of Sumo Assassin?
Karen – I’ve actually read a couple different issues.
Jim – What did you think?
Karen – It was the worst thing I’ve ever had the poor judgment to start reading.
It comes in just after supermarket tabloids.
Jim – Tabloids?
You’ve never read the special edition series or Sumo Assassin, it’s even worse than most tabloids, they don’t even bother to make full sentences or finish thoughts.
Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.
Karen - But if you can show that much loyalty to something so terrible for so long, well Elizabeth is a lucky woman.
Art – Lucky to have won the loyalty of a dork like my son.
Jim – You’re telling me.
She must have accumulated some bad Karma?
Karen – Well aside from reading Sumo Assassin, what do you enjoy doing?
(Liz enters, carrying one last serving bowl behind Karen and Art, Jim can see her)
Jim – Well, I like sitting and lying down on this couch, watching television, playing video games, and when she lets me, touching Elizabeth’s breasts.
Liz – Which won’t be any time soon if you keep this up.
Jim – Ah, well.
(Searching for words for a time)…to hell with it, I’m cutting my losses.
Art – Good call Jim.
It’s always best quit while you’re behind, but still not in dead last.
Liz – What makes you think I would let you off that easy?
Jim – Um, because it’s almost dinner time and you’re hungry?
Karen – Hi Elizabeth!
Liz – Hi Karen!
(Liz and Karen hug in greeting)
Liz – I am hungry.
We’ll talk about this later.
Jim – Damn.
Last time I make that joke.
Art – Can’t win them all.
Jim – I’d settle for breaking even sometimes.
Art – Not going to happen.
At least not too often.
And when it does it will startle you so badly that you’ll suspect a trick and won’t be able to enjoy the experience.
Jim – Wow, that’s reassuring.
Art – Was it?
I just wanted to bring you down.
Jim – Well you’ve succeeded.
Liz – Don’t worry Jimbo, I might let you win from time to time.
Karen – Might.
Jim – Did they plan that?
Art – Wouldn’t surprise me if they did.
But it wouldn’t surprise me if they could just read one another’s minds.
Jim – Do you think she’s serious?
Karen – How have you been Liz?
Art – You mean about letting you win?
Liz – Busy.
Jim – Yeah.
Karen – Working on a new show?
Art – Don’t count on it.
Liz – Always.
Mom has a lot of plans for me.
Jim – I’ll try not to.
Karen – When do I get to meet her?
Liz – She’s coming to Thanksgiving dinner with us?
Jim – What?
Cleo is eating here?
(Jim leaps over the back of the couch and starts sorting through the cushions)
Art – Yes, Charles is out of town so we invited her.
Jim – Where are they?
Curse them.
Ah ha!
Here they are.
(Jim holds up the Groucho glasses disguise from earlier).
Art -  What are you doing with those ridiculous things?
Jim – Just a precaution.
Couldn’t she have gone out of town with him?
Are they still fighting?
(Puts on the glasses)
Liz –They’re still fighting.
Jim take those off, you look like an idiot.
Jim – I thought that they had started getting along better over the last couple of months.
Liz – They were.
Then as usual it all fell apart.
In short dad took his secretary on the trip instead of taking mother.
Art – So we invited her for thanksgiving.
The woman is nearly family, I guess, in a weird contorted sort of way.
The more the merrier.
Jim – Who else is going to be here?
Art – Well myself, Karen, Liz, Eugene, you and to round it all out, Johnny.
Speaking of which where is Johnny?
He hasn’t bothered to get in the way for the last hour or so.
Jim – How long did it take you to notice that dad?
He’s almost always in the way when it comes to Thanksgiving dinner.
Karen – He said he had some things to do before dinner.
Art – Did he say when he would be back?
Karen – Just later.
Jim – He’ll be here, its his favorite holiday.
Karen – I didn’t know that Johnny was so sentimental.
Art – He isn’t, he just likes the food.
The boy would crash a wake if the food were good.
Jim – He actually wanted to do that once.
Art – He didn’t do it did he?
Jim – Nah, Liz and I talked him out of it.
Art – I didn’t think reasoning with the boy would work.
Jim – It didn’t.
Karen – What did you say then?
Jim – That crashing a wake for the food was something that Gene would do.
Liz – He didn’t take it that well.
He moped for like two weeks after that.
(Cleo enters carrying the main course)
Liz – Hello mother.
Cleo – The turkey has finished cooking.
Shall we eat?
(Eugene and Johnny enter)
Johnny – Did I hear the magic words?
Eugene – Mmmmm, dinner.
Jim – Told you he wouldn’t be gone long.
Liz – Where have you two been?
Johnny – I was taking care of something.
Nothing important, just something I needed to see.
Eugene – I accidentally locked myself in the bathroom.
Again.
Jim – How do you do that?
Eugene – If I knew how I wouldn’t keep doing it.
Art – Who let you out this time.
Eugene – Johnny did when he got back a couple minutes ago.
He’s my current hero.
Liz – I wonder how long that will last.
Karen – From what I’ve seen, only until Art starts carving the turkey.
Then whoever hands him his plate will take that place.
Jim – I don’t think it will even last that long.
Karen – Dinner is only a few minutes away.
Jim – I know.
I know.
But it is Eugene.
Karen – His attention span can’t be that short.
Liz – It’s gotten better over the last few months.
(Cleo approaches Eugene)
Cleo – My my Eugene you are looking quite handsome today.
Eugene – Why um thank you uh Mrs. Straun.
(He gets a frown from Cleo) Errr Cleo.
Cleo – My pleasure Eugene.
(Moves to the table)
Jim – What was that?
Liz – What was what?
Jim – Cleo just made a pass at Eugene.
Liz – What?
Jim – She just told him that he was handsome today.
Liz – Are you sure?
Jim – Yep, just look at Gene, he’s completely red.
Liz – He is.
Jim – I wonder what that was all about.
Liz – I don’t know.
It’s too early in the day for her to have been drinking.
(To Eugene)
Liz – How long has that been going on?
Eugene – What?
Liz – My mother hitting on you.
Eugene – She hasn’t been hitting on me.
Liz – Then what do you call it?
Eugene – Uh, noticing my natural good looks and complementing me in a positive manner about them.
Liz – (Frowning) How long has it been going on?
Eugene – I dunno…
Jim – Better him than me.
Liz – Jim!
Gene?
How long?
Eugene – A month or so maybe.
Liz – Just after her fight with father.
Jim – She fled into Gene’s awaiting arms?
Must have been one terrible fight.
Eugene – Hey!
Liz – What is with that woman and trying to seduce my friends?
Jim – Better Gene than me!
Liz – Jim!
Eugene – What’s that supposed to mean?
Jim – What?
It was creepy getting hit on by your mother.
It felt kind of like that movie the Graduate, except that it only wierded me out and I didn’t get to see her in the nude.
Eugene – Shes still in remarkably good shape for…
Liz and Jim – You?
Eugene – No, well not really, well sorta but not really.
Liz – You, you, with my mother?
Eugene – What?
No.
Jim – You didn’t?
Eugene – No!
Liz – Then what are you talking about?
Eugene – Well I was over at your house.
Liz – I gathered that…
Eugene – And I was wandering around looking for a bathroom.
I found one.
Jim – You walked in on her?
Eugene – How was I supposed to know that she showered in the nude?
Jim – That has got to be the dumbest thing I ever heard you say.
Liz – When did this all happen.
Eugene – About a year ago.
Liz – And why…
Art – Dinner is served!
Eugene – Ohhhhh Turkey time.
(Rushes to his seat, Followed by everyone else)
Art  - Careful boy, you’ll choke again.
Eugene – I will, don’t worry.
(The family sits at the table and starts to pass around the various dishes)
Cleo - So Geney, how is school going?
Eugene – (Looks up from his plate) Um fine Mrs. Straun…Cleo.
Art – Are your grades staying up?
Eugene – Yer ey arrrr!
Art – What?
Liz – Gene, swallow before you speak!
Cleo – That is vulgar darling.
Eugene – Sorry.
(Back to eating)
Art – Not a problem, now how are your grades.
Eugene – Deh arrrr fie.
Cleo – Eugene, weren’t you listening?
Don’t speak while you are eating.
Eugene – Murgle Furgle.
Jim – Enough, let him eat or this will go on all night.
Karen – Good idea Jim.
Liz – Especially since I’m on the receiving end of the spray.
Johnny – May I be excused for a while?
Art – You feeling okay?
Johnny – I’m fine, I just have some things to take care of, and I’m not too hungry.
Art – Go ahead, but don’t take too long, we have traditions to uphold.
Jim – Dad, that’s not going to induce him to return quickly.
Karen – Do you want us to leave some dinner out for you for later?
Johnny – No, I’ll take care of it.
Thanks.
Art – Sure it will.
Karen – Take care of yourself.
Eugene – Buh!
Buh!
Liz – Gah!
Cut that out Gene!
I don’t feel like wearing turkey today.
Jim – Orange is your color though.
Art – Are you inferring that Johnny doesn’t care our noble tradition of scrabble after dinner?
Jim – Do you remember what words he made the last time we played scrabble?
Bored.
.
Help.
Escape.
Suicide
Art – Ok, so we allow Johnny to opt out of this game.
Jim – Good idea I guess.
Art – What’s amiss now?
Jim – Look around, we either have too few teams or too many.
I’m not playing scrabble against you alone again.
Last time we did you spiked the little wooden-dealy that holds the letters when you won.
Art – Well I did go out by using all my letters on a triple word score space and I Just got excited.
Anyways, how about we play a team game, Karen and myself, against you and Elizabeth and then Eugene and Cleo?
Eugene – Ummm….
Cleo – Those teams sound wonderful.
Liz – It sounds like fun.
Jim – I guess that means that I’m playing.
But if you start getting bad we’re putting the board away.
You in Karen?
Karen – Sure.
I haven’t  played Scrabble in years, hope I remember the rules.
Jim – Well dad is a rules lawyer so he’ll let you know if you step wrong.
Art – Ok, lets get dinner cleared away so the crushing of your egos can begin.
(They clear the table and get set up to play)
Liz – Is he always like this?
Jim – Cut the trash talk Art.
Karen – Yes, this is supposed to be a friendly family game.
Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?
Liz – He’s like our very own Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Jim – Just wait until the game begins.
He’s more like Bruce Banner and the Incredible Hulk.
Karen – I’m sure he’ll be well behaved, won’t you sweetie?
Art – I’m always on the strait and narrow.
Cleo – If we’re going to play, let’s play.
Eugene – Let’s get going.
Art – You all know the rules right?
Good!
Prepare to be crushed!
Jim – And so it begins.
We’ll pick letters first.
Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.
Jim – Will you do the honors Liz?
Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
Eugene – Seven.
Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.
Jim – Lemme see.
Sweet mother of crap!
How did you manage that?
Liz – I don’t know.
I think the bag was rigged.
Karen – What’s wrong?
Jim – We got the z, the q and the x all at once.
Art – Lucky, you got all the good letters.
Eugene – I don’t think I know any words that have a z in them.
Cleo – Of course you do handsome.
Now be quiet and let me choose the letters.
Ah, not bad.
Eugene – Woah we can spell…
Cleo – Don’t say it, that word is in poor taste.
Eugene – Fun?
Cleo – Oh no, very good dear.
Art – Will you do the honors my beauty?
Karen – Don’t you want to pick the letters yourself?
Art – No dear, a pattern has been set in place and it would be rude to change it now.
Karen – Looks like it’s my turn then.
Ohh these are pretty good.
Art – That they are.
Jim what is that word?
Jim – What word?
Eugene – Dr….dra…d-r-a-q-x-z-e?
Art – Yes that.
Liz – It’s a sort of creature that lives under little kids beds.
Cleo – Elizabeth!
Liz –Yes mother?
Cleo – Your father and I taught you never to cheat at anything…Don’t look at me like that!
Jim – Alright we’ll take it back.
I thought it was a good word.
Art – You just don’t have the spirit of a scrabblist.
(the phone rings offstage)
Art – I’ll get it.
Liz – It was a good word.
Cleo - Invented words are not allowed in Scrabble, you know that.
Liz – Why not, words have to be invented at some point.
Eugene – She has a point.
Karen – It doesn’t work like that though.
Good try anyways.
Jim – Well let’s use this word instead.
Eugene – Raze?
Liz – It means to burn something down I think.
Karen – Like to Vikings razing a village.
Good job.
(Art Returns)
Art – Eugene…
Jim – Who was on the phone.
Art – It was the fire department…
Liz – What do they want on Thanksgiving?
Is it a fundraiser?
Art – Eugene, your house is on fire.
Eugene – It doesn’t seem to be on fire to me.
Cleo – Oh dear.
Art - No, your father’s house.
He’s trapped inside.
Eugene – Good.
Whose turn is it?
Karen – Gene!
Eugene - What?
Karen – What do you mean good?
Your father is trapped in a burning building.
Eugene – Good riddance.
When they put his stinking corpse into the ground I will dance on the grave and sing a happy little song.
Art – (Takes Karen aside) He’s not going to be hurt by this dear.
Karen – But his father could be dieing in a fire.
Art – Yep.
Karen – Why?
Why doesn’t he care?
Art – I’ll fill you in later.
Now isn’t the time to talk about it.
Eugene – Where’s Johnny?
I thought he’d like to be here when we finally got some good news.
Liz – I haven’t seen him since he excused himself at dinner earlier.
Cleo – Well should we go look for him?
Jim – Why bother?
Cleo – Because he’s your brother and you care for him?
Jim – He’ll turn up eventually.
Karen – What kind of attitude is that?
Jim – The best kind to adopt when you’re dealing with Johnny.
Cleo – What do you mean by that?
Jim – I mean that he’ll be back when he’s ready to come back.
Art – Perhaps instead we should go and see if we can get some more information about the fire, it should have made the news by now.
Eugene – It’s not like anything else goes on here for the stations to report.
Cleo – I’ll bet that those sorrow peddlers are overjoyed for a fire on Thanksgiving.
Finale
Jim is sitting alone in the basement reading his comic.
Art, Liz and Eugene enter in a rather downcast and upset manner.
Jim  - Find him yet?
Eugene – Yeah.
Liz – Oh Johnny.
Jim – Well where was he at?
Art – He was in Eugene’s father’s house.
Jim – What was he doing there?
Eugene – I suspect burning.
Jim – What?
Art – Johnny set the fire.
Jim – I’m not following.
Liz – Johnny set the fire at Eugene’s father’s house.
Jim – I heard the first time.
Where is he now?
Eugene – He’s dead Jim.
Art – So is Eugene’s father.
Liz – They both died in the fire.
Jim – Why?
Art – He left a note.
Jim – What does it say?
Eugene – We don’t know.
Liz – Nobody can read his writing.
Jim – Can I see it?
Art – Sure, here (hands Jim the letter).
Jim – (Looks at the letter) I can’t make heads or tails of this.
Liz – I think that you’re holding it upside down.
Jim – That looks like the letter ‘t’.
I still can’t make sense of it.
Eugene – Nobody else could either.
Art – He was doing so well.
Jim – Wait a minute that’s an ‘f’.
Liz – He was doing a lot better.
Eugene – He had actually been smiling the last couple months.
Jim – Hmmmmm…
Art – That damn kid.
Why did he do it?
Jim – Didn’t say.
Guess why doesn’t matter now.
All that is left is that he did do it.
Liz – Are you ok Jim?
Jim – I’ve been better.
Been worse too though.
It’s like I lost something that I barely had in the first place.
I don’t know how I feel yet.
Liz – I think I’m going to go back upstairs and talk to Karen.
Eugene – I’m going to go for a walk.
Need to clear my head.
Art –I’ll talk to you two later of you want to.
Liz – Thanks Art.
(Eugene and Liz head back upstairs)
Art – Why do you think he did it Jim?
Jim – You know why as well as I do.
Art – Indeed.
Indeed.
Are you going to be ok?
Jim – Are you?
Art – Time heals all wounds.
I just wish it didn’t take so long to do it.
Jim – (Nods agreement)
Art – I’m going to go back up and spend some time with Karen and Elizabeth.
Jim – I’ll be here.
Art Exits and after a couple minutes Jim goes back to reading his comic

﻿FREY Melissa Wright Copyright 2015 by Melissa Wright Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Chapter Thirteen Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fifteen Chapter Sixteen Chapter Seventeen About the Author
Chapter One Frey
Crap!
I stubbed my toe on a root, one of the pitfalls of living in a tree.
It throbbed and I slammed the door in frustration as I left the tree.
It only took a moment to realize what I’d done.
I picked up the pace as Aunt Fannie’s curses came screaming through the closed door.
She was determined not to let me forget what a burden it had been to take me in, even if it used every spare ounce of energy to do it.
My mouth twisted, and I shifted into a run until I reached the little outcropping of rock on the west side of the village.
I was still thinking about it when I slowed to climb through the tangle of brush in back of Junnie’s house, but once my fingers trailed the cool rock surrounding the structure, it fell away.
When it felt as if I could breathe again, I rapped two quick knocks and then one loud knock on the small wooden door.
It was the one sure way she’d know it was me.
A wisp of bright blonde hair swirled around Junnie’s shining eyes as the door swung open, and I decided I must have caught her working; she looked flustered.
Junnie was older than I, but remained striking with the blonde hair, blue eyes, and thin features that seemed to be standard-issue among the village elves.
The Council had assigned her as my tutor, citing my advanced age as the reason I couldn’t learn with the others, but I suspected it was my stunning lack of ability that had landed me here.
Junnie brushed a lock of hair aside.
“There you are, my Fredora!” She was always trying out new nicknames for me.
It was no secret I despised my given name: Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia.
I decided, not for the first time, my father must have been a drunken imp.
Not that I could remember him, but I could definitely blame him because the father was always responsible for naming the firstborn.
It wasn’t as if you could get more unoriginal than using the ancient word meaning “elf”, but he certainly hadn’t needed to follow it with a string of ridiculous, flowery—I stopped mid-thought, realizing my tutor was watching me.
“Hey, Junnie,” I said, forcing a smile.
“What’s on the schedule for today?” She smiled in return, straightening the deep blue sash that tied her tunic.
“How do you feel about studying the lineages?” She knew I hated trying to memorize endless pages of names and dates, and didn’t seem surprised by my groan of complaint.
“Well, let’s get to it then,” she said, leading me through the tiny living area toward the back room.
She didn’t have or need a great deal of space.
Much like me, Junnie was practically alone.
Her family had all received the calling “to serve elfkind.” I didn’t know exactly what that meant, only that the elf usually left with fanfare and seldom returned in fewer than a hundred years.
It was apparently a very honorable thing, though she never seemed proud.
Just off the living area was the study, larger than the front room, stuffed full of documents and lit by a pair of dim oil lanterns.
Dust covered the decrepit scrolls and books lining the walls, but aside from a well-used worktable, the room was clean.
Settling onto my usual stool, I leaned forward, elbows on the carved edge of the table to prop my head up for the monotonous hours to come.
It was hard to say how long I sat so, looking down on a huge volume entitled The Great Elves of Varkenshire, pretending to read.
But my eyes had wandered from the page to a small thistle where it rested among some other potion ingredients.
It had begun to extend its leaves.
I was startled; Junnie was preoccupied with a lengthy scroll across the room and couldn’t have possibly been the source, and I had never made anything grow.
I concentrated on the thistle then, eyeing each tiny spike.
I knew the magic, though it had never worked for me before.
To my surprise, the leaves turned up and the head began to turn green.
The stem reached out new roots and new buds began to form.
I gasped.
Junnie swirled around.
“What?
What did you find?” “No, I was just… there was a thistle here…” It was all that had developed, the bulbs and seedlings were undisturbed, and I couldn’t help but think, Oh, sure, the weed grows.
Junnie was across the room in a flash.
She glanced at the changed thistle and then, briefly, me, but when I tried to meet her gaze, it shifted to the wall of books.
“Well, good for you, Frey.
Your efforts are finally paying off.” I stared blankly at her.
“What do you say we wrap it up for today?
I’ve got some business with Council.” I stumbled off the stool, half numb from being still so long, and made my way outside into the warm sun, unsure of my direction.
The idea of lingering within sight of the village center didn’t have much appeal, but I was in no hurry to get back home to Fannie.
Choosing instead a rambling, rarely used path out of the village, I found myself wandering idly through the trees and, eventually, into an abandoned, overgrown garden, where I tried to work out what to do with my now empty afternoon.
Sitting surrounded by the various weeds, my tutor might have urged me to do something useful, like identify the species, but she wasn’t here, and I couldn’t help but attempt to repeat the process I’d used on the thistle in her study.
I’d been warned not to practice without supervision, but the field felt alone as I concentrated on one weed and then on each of the others, spinning my charms in an attempt to develop them.
I had no luck with the wild flowers and renegade vegetable plants, but a small thorn tree and a couple of noxious strains began to mature in response to the magic.
All this time, I’d thought something was broken in me, that something had happened when I’d lost my mother, but maybe Junnie was right.
Maybe I’d just needed to get my focus, to work until it came through.
“Well, well, what do we have here?
Is Elfreda making magic?” Evelyn’s sourness burned through me.
It took everything I had to curb my reply, keep myself out of trouble.
“Oh, uh, I didn’t realize… is this your…” I was struggling to answer.
This wasn’t her field.
The forest and surrounding meadows didn’t belong to anyone, only an elf’s home was theirs.
But I knew from past experience Evelyn would punish me for being here when she happened along.
Sure, not physically—no elf did that.
But I could just imagine the way perfect little Evelyn would repeat the story in town.
Poor Elfreda, sitting alone in the weeds, couldn’t even make grass grow.
What can we do to help her?
We should have a Council meeting on it, I’m sure.
Poor, poor thing.
I stayed where I sat, forcing my eyes to the ground.
But then I pictured the smirk on her face as she mocked me to the villagers, to Council, and couldn’t stop the resentment from boiling up.
My ears rang with it.
“Choo!” I glanced up at Evelyn through the jagged line of my bangs.
“A… a… choo!” she wheezed.
Elves didn’t sneeze.
Fairies sneezed.
Forest creatures sneezed.
Not elves.
I couldn’t help it.
I giggled.
Evelyn shot a glower at me.
And then she whirled, storming away, and as she glanced back, her parting expression was so priceless I wished I could see it again.
“Achoo!” “Choo!” “Hachoo!” My ears popped as I burst out with laughter.
Evelyn began to run toward town and I couldn’t stifle it, despite the fact that it was absurd something as insignificant as a sneeze would give me such pleasure.
I wondered briefly how I’d delight in a choking fit and then tugged the lobe of my ear as it popped again.
Apparently I wasn’t used to laughing.
I strode off toward home, taking the long route despite my good humor.
As I approached the old tree, its twisted and gnarled limbs reaching into a cloudless gray sky, I caught sight of an aged elf leaving.
My stomach dropped; it was a Council member.
Tassels hung around his neck depicting lines and accomplishments: sky blue for receiving the calling, deep crimson for service to the guard.
His chest bore a personalized crest, an oak leaf on an unbroken shield of gold and acorn brown.
I watched from the trees as a rainbow of a half dozen tassels fluttered behind him where he rushed down the path toward the village.
When I walked through the door, I saw immediately Fannie had not expected company.
The telltale signs of a hurried cleaning spell were everywhere.
I slipped into one of the low chairs to enjoy a bowl of berries set out for company under the guise of politeness.
We didn’t often have visitors, and I could count on a new spruce twig the times we’d had fresh berries.
Might as well enjoy them.
I popped a ripe juneberry into my mouth as Aunt Fannie rounded the corner.
She was on her way into the room, having dashed back to her stash of wine as soon as the visitor had hit the door.
She peered at me out of the corner of her eye, twisting the cork free of the bottle.
Maybe it annoyed her to see I was eating her berries.
Not that she’d picked them; I was sure she’d just set a charm on an unsuspecting squirrel to make it perform her manual labor.
“Company?” I was enjoying the bitterness of a spireberry now.
“It seems there was some trouble in town today,” she said.
“The elders are in an uproar.” I didn’t question any further.
Town trouble was usually of no interest to me.
Actually, I couldn’t think of the last time the town had had trouble… She huffed and I knew it was best to indulge her.
“What sort of trouble?” “Apparently, Evelyn of Rothegarr came into town from the meadows at full speed wheezing and sneezing.
She reached the village center, grabbed her throat, and fell to the ground without a breath.
Dying.” I stopped chewing, my mouth gone dry.
Fannie continued, “They found a common thistle caught in her airway.” My stomach curled into knots.
I whispered, “A thistle?” “Mmm.
Council thinks she must have been working a spell that went awry.” Fannie peered at me; I might have turned pale.
She threw the cork at me.
Hard.
I must have quit breathing because when I drew in a breath, it was sharp in my lungs.
My thoughts twisted, but Aunt Fannie wore a mean grin.
“Something else?” I asked, my voice barely audible.
She was enjoying knowing something I didn’t, dragging it out.
When I glared at her, she shrugged.
“The Council was just able to save her in time.
Almost couldn’t find the right words to turn the spell.” The pain escaped my lungs in a rush.
Evelyn was alive.
Fannie continued to talk, probably berating me for looking so dumbfounded.
But I was oblivious; my mind was doing somersaults like a pixie on sweet pea.
All I could think was, Impossible.
And then the questions.
Had the Council known she’d gone running because I laughed at her?
Had the thistle grown as she stood beside me?
Was that what had caused the sneezing?
Evelyn would tell them I was there.
They would come for me.
There would be another inquisition.
What had the Council member told Fannie?
He must have known I was a witness, why else would he have been there?
I could still see the anger on her face.
She would accuse me, I was sure.
Somehow, Evelyn would make this my fault.
“Well?” Fannie hissed, leaning over to glare at me.
I jerked back to reality, no idea what she’d been saying.
“Where were you during the commotion?” she repeated.
“I’d think if you were at Junnie’s, you’d have known all about it.
Why didn’t you warn me?” My mouth opened and closed.
“Well,” I said, “Junnie sent me home early because I learned a spell.” Fannie looked incredulous, so I backpedaled.
“Well, not a spell, but I grew a… flower.
And then I was so excited I was going to run home and tell you… but I took the back way and then…” I swallowed.
“Well, and then I got lost.
Sorry.” Aunt Fannie was incensed, her curses flying out in a rant that felt as if it would never end.
The years of listening to it seemed to coalesce, and I was suddenly exhausted.
“I think I’ll go lie down.” “Do you think you can just sleep when you want to sleep?
Whose tree do you think this is?
You’ll lie down when I say you’ll lie down…” I bit down on a groan, eyes running over the wood grain of the table as I tuned her out.
I knew the outcome if I didn’t, and I was already in trouble enough.
Shortly after her tirade insisting I stay until I had earned permission to leave, the one-sided argument ran its course and Fannie tired of looking at me and sent me on my way.
I trudged out of the kitchen, through the main sitting area, and into my room.
It was dark except for a small beam of light from a knothole in the wall.
Fire was the one magic I had mastered; I had been able to light lanterns and candles for as long as I could remember, but I didn’t bother.
If I was in this room, I wanted to be alone.
And in darkness I felt more so.
Chapter Two Chevelle
I was usually a late sleeper, but the next morning I was out of the house early.
I wanted to get away before I had to face Fannie in the middle of her wine hangover, and I knew Junnie could tell me if Evelyn had turned the town or Council against me.
I rushed up the path and through the village gate, keeping my head down.
No one generally went out of their way to speak to me, but I didn’t want to take any chances.
The other elves didn’t have much use for one who wasn’t able to contribute.
My lack of magic and skill had put me far from their minds.
Except in the case of Evelyn, who sought to raise herself by lowering me, but always with such a thick coating of sweetness.
And it didn’t help that I couldn’t pull off the polish or cheer of the other elves.
I slipped around the village and through Junnie’s back yard, darting past a trellis toward the door.
As I ducked under the hanging ivy, I caught my foot on a vine and stumbled forward, cursing as I nearly ran into a boulder.
A boulder wearing a shirt.
Gradually, my head tilted upward, and I blew my too-long bangs aside to peer up first at a strong chin, stern mouth, and then the darkest, deepest sapphire eyes I’d ever seen.
Sure, lots of elves had blue eyes, but bright and shimmery.
These were of the deepest blue.
They must appear black in the shadows.
The thought made me flush.
I was staring into someone’s eyes.
But as quickly as I had come upon him, he was gone.
He turned from me without a word and disappeared in a few long strides.
I watched him go.
Short dark hair, dark eyes, and a large, strong build.
He certainly wasn’t from this clan.
Junnie cleared her throat.
“Freya?” I hadn’t realized she was watching me from the open door.
I flushed again.
“Who…” I trailed off.
“You needn’t bother yourself with him.” She could see I would.
“Chevelle Vattier.
He’s from a northern clan.
He’ll be here only a short while.
Council business.” That brought me back to my mission.
“Fannie said there was some trouble with Evelyn?” I asked.
“Yes.” There was something in her tone I didn’t recognize.
“She’s fine now.” “I was… yesterday, I saw her.” “Yes.” She half-smiled.
“Don’t worry yourself, Freylinda.
Come now, let’s study.” I hesitated.
Evelyn had mentioned me, but not accusingly?
Surely Junnie would have more to say.
She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder and led me in.
“What shall we do today?” I went back over our conversation, trying to find some meaning.
Inspiration, or maybe distraction, hit me as I recalled the dark-headed stranger.
“Lineages.” Junnie raised an eyebrow as I sped to the study, but I’d worry about Evelyn later.
This was my chance to find out about this Chevelle Vattier.
After a dozen or so volumes, my determination began to falter.
There were so many lineages, but I needed something on the northern clans, something on Vattier, and Junnie didn’t have that.
I’d need a library, maybe even the Council library.
I shivered; I definitely wasn’t sure about that.
Even if I worked up the nerve to sneak in, I didn’t have the magic to search documents to quickly find what I was after like the Council members did.
I would have to stick to the village library.
I made a short excuse to Junnie and headed out the door and around back.
After I rounded a few houses, I cut back toward the village center.
I wasn’t doing anything wrong, but I didn’t want to flaunt it.
I had no good reason for researching Chevelle Vattier, except I had been thinking about him all day.
You just met him this morning.
Not even met.
Stared at.
Heat crept into my cheeks for no good reason, and I picked up my pace to the old tree that housed the library.
I knew my shoulders were drawn in and I was glancing around too often, but I couldn’t seem to help it.
It felt illicit.
Twice I imagined a set of dark eyes on me, a pricking sensation running over my spine.
I was going to have to pull myself together.
I was being ridiculous.
At this rate, I’d be fawning and flipping my hair like Evelyn by sundown.
When I finally walked into the library, I remembered why I didn’t go there to study lineages.
There must have been a thousand volumes and tenfold more scrolls in the main level alone.
And I had no magic to lead me in the right direction.
I went to the section which would most likely house the desired information, and then closed my eyes and concentrated.
Maybe it wouldn’t work, but I could try.
I wasn’t sure I felt anything, but after a few minutes I imagined my right hand might have tingled a little.
I grabbed a close volume and leafed through it.
It was a legacy of the Viridian Forest clan.
I pulled another volume down.
A diary of Momar the Ancient.
I sighed.
This was going to be like trapping a greased pixie.
I sat for hours exploring the early texts, stories of the river clans and their battles with the Imps of Long Forgotten, firsthand accounts of the Trials of Istanna, and the long lineages of the eldest families.
A whisper roused me from my studies and I realized it was late, so I decided to give up and start again the next day.
Rising unsteadily, I heard the whisper again.
But it wasn’t a whisper—it was the wind.
I glanced backward.
Paper fell to scatter on the floor.
I surveyed the library, but it was practically empty.
Someone on a higher level must have knocked the pages down.
I bent over and read the closest document.
It was an account from the northern clans.
Despite my disbelief, I somehow managed to act quickly, stashing the papers in my shirt before attempting a casual exit to read them at home.
I made it out of the library and almost to the gate when I noticed a dark figure behind Virden Day’s tree.
It was Chevelle.
He was speaking with Virden when he turned his head slowly toward me… and I was staring into his eyes again.
Oh, give me a break; he’s halfway across the village from you.
But I was staring.
Despite my resolve, color rose to my cheeks once more as I turned away.
I couldn’t understand why he was affecting me this way.
The pages stuffed in my shirt felt like fire against my skin.
I quickened my pace, caught my toe on a root, and stumbled.
As soon as I righted myself, I wasn’t able to stop myself from peeking back to see if he had noticed, but he was gone.
I didn’t know if I was relieved.
My mind went over the encounter again as I made my way home.
Did he always wear such a stern expression?
Why was he looking at me so intensely?
But I had my answer: Because you keep staring at him, fool.
It seemed to me Fannie always knew when I didn’t want to be bothered and went out of her way to ensure I was.
I quietly entered the house, hoping to slip right into my room, but there she was, smack in the center of the sitting area, drunk as a two-day jamboree.
She stopped me on my way through and forced me to sit, her audience.
I watched her as she rambled.
She had the same dull blonde hair and muddy-brown eyes as me, though my eyes were specked with green.
After a long evening ducking her verbal jabs and listening to her theories on the Council’s secret conspiracies, I finally made it to my room.
A flick of my fingers and light flooded the tiny space.
I took a quick inventory: the seal on my wardrobe was intact, my drawings were still scattered across the floor, and the stash of cheese remained on the table beside my bed.
My mother’s pendant hung from a woven leather chain above my pillow, shooting refracted beams across the bed, and I smiled as I sat beneath it.
Scanning the pages I’d brought home from the library, I tried to find some order.
I hadn’t even considered there might be missing pages, but I sorted what I had as best I could onto the worn comforter.
I sat rigid while reading through, unable to fathom why it had me so anxious.
The first pages contained a detailed description of the writer, including his lineages and how he’d come upon the information.
He was apparently a record-keeper for Grand Council and was responsible for copying scrolls and adding new information for each of the northern clans from their various local libraries.
Some of the information was sketchy: gossip from the neighboring fairy guild about strange activities and reports from travelers about deserted villages.
Or maybe not deserted.
One description seemed to imply the village was empty not only of elves, but all evidence it had ever been inhabited.
There were maps of the mountains and forests, showing each village and town.
Curved lines of azure cut through the page, rivers and streams, and I had a pang of regret for not studying maps with Junnie.
The next pages were a copy of the record-keeper’s report to Grand Council about his findings.
And his conclusion.
There were definitely missing pages here, but something dreadful had happened for certain.
His official report should have been factual and serious, but the description was loaded with fear.
Even his script became shaky as it reached the final word… Extinction.
All the northern clans were gone, according to his account.
Something had wiped out an entire region.
The last pages were lists of clan members in order of family names.
There must have been thousands, but still pages were missing… F… G… L… N… V… As I reached the end, I took a deep breath.
I had gotten so involved in the terrified man’s story and page after page of family names, I had forgotten why I was reading in the first place.
I sighed.
Of course, the pages with the V names were missing.
I felt a stab of guilt for the selfishness of the thought while looking over such loss, but I waved it away and tucked the pages under my mattress.
Lying back on the bed as I looked up at my mother’s pendant, I closed my eyes, trying to remember… I could see her face.
Her straight nose, her gentle smile.
Her long hair waved around her shoulders, stray locks caught by the wind.
She wore a white dress with bell sleeves and a low-cut neck.
Her pendant hung there.
It started to refract light, but there was only darkness around my vision of her.
The wind picked up and her dark hair began to whip back and away from her face.
She was smiling, glorious now, her arms outstretched.
The pendant started to glow and the darkness cracked.
The wind was howling.
I could barely see.
Or maybe something was covering my face.
When I screamed the sound was lost.
I tried again, but suddenly I was mute.
Blind, mute and still.
And yet I knew everyone was dying.
Running and screaming and dying.
I jerked upright in bed, gasping.
My ears were ringing.
There was something wet on my face.
Tears?
No, blood.
My nose was bleeding.
It took a moment to get my bearings.
My bed sheets were a tangle and my clothes were disheveled.
It must have been a dream.
I had fallen asleep looking at my mother’s pendant, trying to remember her, and somehow combined it with the disaster I had read of the northern clans.
It was only a dream.
Shaken, I sat up, struggling to collect myself.
I reached up to remove the pendant from the hook and squeezed it tight in my fist.
It felt good, like a connection, and I slid the leather chain over my head, pulling the pendant down to rest on my chest.
It felt right there and I knew I should have been wearing it all along.
As I let go, I realized I’d gotten blood on my hands, so I headed to the hall and poured water from the pitcher into a ceramic basin.
Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
It mostly made my head hurt.
But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.
I lingered there, clutching it tight in my hand.
It was a comfort to hold.
It seemed to warm something deep within me.
I vowed to keep it on as I shook away a thought from the dream coming back to me and headed for the door.
It was a gloomy day and I didn’t miss having to squint away the bright sunlight.
Early as it was, I decided to take the long way to town, meandering through the fields and thinking of all that had passed in the last days, until I reached a patch of weeds that reminded me of Evelyn’s taunting.
I felt a momentary spasm in the pit of my stomach at the thought of her choking.
And then I remembered growing the weeds in the garden and I was suddenly in a rush to get to Junnie’s.
I rapped our special knock, and in a heartbeat, Junnie was opening the door.
“Morning, Freylina.
Early start today?” My voice was determined.
“Yes, I want to practice growing.” She glanced at the pendant against my chest.
She was silent for a moment as she looked into my eyes, almost searching.
She was probably worried I was sad or missing my mother.
“Not today.
It seems I have business with the Council this morning.” Her mouth turned down in a grimace.
“Oh.” All right, it wasn’t like I didn’t have plenty to do.
I’d just head to the library and try to find the missing pages to the northern clan documents.
“Well, I’ll see you then.” I smiled at her and headed around back again to cut through the village.
I took my time to allow her to make her way to the Council building.
As my feet scuffed along the path, I heard angry whispers and glanced up to find their source.
Virden Day was leaning toward a dark figure, wearing a harsh expression and pointing out fingers on his other hand.
Counting reasons for his argument?
The figure turned his head as if scanning for an audience.
He found one—me.
As his eyes hit mine, I had the feeling I was intruding, that I should look away, but something kept me staring.
It was him again.
Chevelle Vattier.
I swallowed hard and forced myself to continue walking, this time determined not to trip.
Following the path as it wound closer to them, I became excruciatingly aware it was going to split, heading to either the gate or to the library.
I hadn’t decided how to make my escape when Chevelle turned back toward Virden and spoke something low, cutting the conversation off.
Virden shot me one quick look and stormed into his tree.
Chevelle remained standing where he was, his back to me.
I had to decide.
Walk within feet of him going to the library to research him or run home and hide.
My stomach churned.
It was ridiculous.
I took a deep breath and kept walking, approaching the split.
He turned to me, scarcely a few feet away.
“Good morning.” He nodded as he spoke, his voice as smooth as velvet.
I managed to snap my slack jaw shut at the same moment I realized I had angled my body toward him when he’d addressed me.
I mentally cursed, but I could recover this; I would just keep going in the same direction as if I were on my way to town, because I was on my way to town.
There was no need for him to know it was to research someone associated with the Council.
Someone like him.
I tried to respond to his greeting, but felt choked and instead only nodded back, my mouth tight as I endeavored to grin with a now clenched jaw.
I groaned internally, keeping on the path, not daring to look back in case he was behind me.
I was convinced he was.
He wouldn’t be taking the back way to Junnie’s as I had come, and he wouldn’t be leaving the village without a pack; he was likely going to a Council meeting.
Yes, he was certainly right behind me, following me into town.
Somehow I made it to the library without tripping or looking back, though I was nearly overcome with the temptation to turn at the door to see him one more time.
The library steps curled around the interior of the tree, shelves cut into every space above and below, tables and racks and patrons scattered about the remaining areas.
I found a dark, empty corner on the third level and relaxed onto a seat, leaning against the inside wall of the old tree and taking in the scent of ancient paper and binding.
After a momentary pause to blot out the latest incident of poor self-control, I decided to attempt to locate the missing pages by magic.
I had, after all, succeeded in growing only days ago.
I concentrated as hard as I could and, though nothing flitted out of the shelves and onto my desk, I had a strong feeling I knew where the documents were.
It also could have been that I knew where they had fallen from the day before.
Regardless, I made my way over and took a few volumes and scrolls back to my secluded table.
I was able to find several documents on the northern clans and even one of the missing pages of names—L.
I had spread them out on the table and was studiously examining them when a shadow crossed my desk.
I realized someone was standing there and distractedly glanced up to see who.
My instinct to breathe deserted me.
It was Chevelle Vattier.
Chapter Three Black Roots
Chevelle stood there, staring down at me, as I leaned halfway across the table of documents concerning the northern clans.
Researching him.
I tried not to betray myself by glancing down at the papers, but the only other place to look was into his eyes, and it felt like that was all I’d found myself doing since I’d first seen him.
He didn’t look away.
I had no way of knowing if he’d read the documents before I realized he was there, and I stared at him, frozen for what seemed like an eternity.
But I was unable to decipher his expression, or guess how I should explain having the documents.
Words abandoned me when I opened my mouth to speak.
He finally broke the silence.
“Freya.” He’d used one of Junnie’s pet names for me.
I couldn’t believe how much I liked that.
He reached his hand out to me.
“I am Chevelle Vattier.” I nodded a slow, stuttering nod.
He wasn’t smiling, his face unreadable.
“I am an old friend of Junnie.
I saw her at Council this morning.
She was disappointed she has been too occupied by clan business of late to guide you.
I offered to help her.
To help you.” The stranger I had been obsessed with was going to help me with my studies.
I melted, sliding down into my chair.
He was still holding his hand out to me.
My back pressed against the wall, and as he took a step forward I became wholly aware of how small and isolated the library space I had chosen was.
He turned the outstretched hand palm up, indicating the stool beside me, as if that had been his intention all along.
“May I?” I nodded once and he slid onto the stool, facing me, not the table spread with documents.
Have I still not spoken?
His eyes moved down to the pendant against my chest and then quickly back to my face, as if he had committed an indiscretion.
We sat there for a few more moments, but my words would not return, not with this imposing stranger inches before me.
When he finally spoke again, I realized his offer of help wasn’t a request.
“Let’s begin with histories.” He flicked the middle finger of his left hand and a thick ivory tome flew from a shelf, opened, and steadied between us as if on a table.
There was something so wrong about it, but I couldn’t say why.
I pushed away the urge to question an associate of Council, instead asking, “Chevelle?” He smiled.
It was only one word, but he understood.
I was asking if I could address him in the common dialog, not the official titles and formalities of the Council he might have been used to.
His head tilted in a nod.
And we sat so, tucked in the narrow space behind a small library table, for hours.
He pulled books between us and returned them to the shelves, never once glancing at the papers spread out beside us referencing the northern clans.
Nothing we studied touched on the histories of those clans.
Nothing of his histories, nothing of mine.
But conversation had become easy as soon as I had spoken that first word, as soon as I had said his name and he’d smiled in return.
I found myself leaning toward him as he spoke, actually paying attention in places; he had a pleasant voice and an unusual dialect.
He wove histories as if they were stories of his childhood friends instead of useless facts, and I became enthralled.
It felt as if we were alone there in the quiet corner of the third level, the occasional murmur below and whisper of flipping pages the only other sound in the dim setting.
A small knothole made a window in the wall across from me and some light from the cloudy day occasionally came through, putting Chevelle’s face in shade.
I had been right; his eyes appeared nearly black in the shadows.
I leaned forward, listening to him as a small gray bird landed on the lip of the knothole.
“Cheep.” Not many animals feared the elves.
It even seemed curious as to what we were doing.
“Cheep, cheep.” I winced at the annoying chirps, working to focus on Chevelle’s story.
“Cheep, cheep, cheep.” My teeth gritted, but I could not block out the irritating sound.
It broke into a melody that pierced my ears and I barely restrained the growl of frustration as I cursed the devil thing.
That was when I heard the hollow thud of its body smacking the floor.
I jerked upright.
My ears were still ringing from the harsh song, but the bird lay dead on the wood planks below the window.
Chevelle started to turn to find the source of the muffled thump and, before I realized what I was doing, I flicked my right hand and the bird’s body flopped behind a shelf out of sight.
When Chevelle turned back to me, I stared right into his eyes as if I had not seen or heard a thing, wondering why he wasn’t still explaining the histories of Grah.
He glanced past me… or maybe at the crown of my head.
Like he was avoiding my eyes.
My lying eyes.
I was too worried about being caught to feel guilty about the bird, to think about its soft gray feathers, that wing that was bent not-quite-right beneath it.
I didn’t know about where Chevelle was from, but around here you didn’t just kill birds.
Especially not for singing.
After a moment, my tutor continued the lesson, but his demeanor had changed.
He watched the book and, occasionally, when his gaze was on my face, it wandered back up and out of focus, just above me.
But he did not look directly into my eyes as before.
It bothered me, and I didn’t think it was because of my conscience.
When he reached the end of the book, it returned to its home on the shelf and he stood, placing a hand briefly on the top of my head.
It was only a momentary touch, but electricity surged though me.
A flash of confusion or frustration passed over his features, too fast to identify.
He looked into my eyes one last time as I sat, stunned and speechless, my skin still tingling from the contact.
“Enough for today,” he said, nodding as he turned, his long strides taking him too quick from my view.
I sat motionless as I watched him go, and remained so for some time after.
I hadn’t realized how exhausted I’d been.
When I finally rose to leave, I stashed a few more of the northern clan documents from the table under my shirt.
My head was swirling with all that had happened, not simply my new tutor but the magic.
On my way out I walked past the shelf that hid the body of the now-dead bird.
I’d never been able to move objects, but it seemed I had done it without thinking.
And it wasn’t just that, but the thistle.
I needed to see Junnie.
The door was partially open when I reached Junnie’s house, so I peeked my head in and called for her.
When she didn’t answer, I slipped in to check the back room.
As I walked through the sparsely decorated living area, I passed a carved mirror on the wall and noticed something off in my reflection.
I knew I was flushed, I could feel the frustration and worry, but I stopped to get a closer look.
There was something not right with my complexion, but what was really off was just above my face.
I squinted, leaning toward the mirror as my hands reached up of their own accord.
The first quarter inch of my hair was blackened.
I parted my hair in a different area and then again, but the base of my hair was dark over my entire scalp.
My fingers began to tremble against my skin; I could come up with no plausible explanation for the change.
“Junnie,” I called out again.
She didn’t answer.
The study was empty.
I let out a shaky breath and glanced around.
Nothing was out of place except for a thistle on the table.
It was thriving, but unplanted.
I examined it closer.
It was rather large, and though the blooms looked healthy, the exposed roots were black, seemingly rotted.
I didn’t understand how a plant could survive without soil and with those decayed roots.
I scanned the table, but it was the only plant aside from Junnie’s potted ivies and flowers, hanging as they always had.
At my touch, the thistle leaves crumbled.
There were some seeds and bulbs lying where the ashes fell, and I recognized the scene.
It was the thistle I had grown.
The garden.
I rushed out, leaving the door open as I had found it.
I hurried from the village, trying to remember where the abandoned garden was located, almost running under the clouding skies.
It wasn’t hard to find because of its new size, but if I hadn’t been half expecting, half fearing the excessive growth, I might not have recognized it.
Each of the strains I had grown the day Evelyn choked was flourishing.
Noxious weeds were taking over the meadow.
As I stood there, frozen before this changed garden, I was overwhelmed by the scene, overtaken by emotion, and had to press my eyes closed.
Light rain began to fall and I raised my head to the sky, drawing in a deep breath.
The cool water trickled down my face, calming the heat of my pulse.
But it didn’t clear my head.
I still couldn’t understand.
A painful fear shot through me, and I tilted my head forward to run through the growth.
Vines, thorns and leaves turned to muddy ash as they touched my outstretched arms, wet with rain.
When I reached the edge of the onetime garden, I stopped to kneel, digging my fingers deep into the soil to form a trench.
When I saw the bared roots, black and rotted, I was suddenly exhausted.
It was too much.
It took me to that familiar, mindless place, and I turned to walk toward home, void of any sensation save the slow rain on my skin.
When I entered the house, Fannie was there, but I only trudged past her on the way to my room.
I barely took notice of her expression, her tight grin and suspicious eyes as she took in my mud-streaked clothes, dripping hair.
I didn’t speak; I was spent and I just couldn’t make myself care.
In the dark of my room, I collapsed onto the bed, dropping asleep to the thrum of falling rain.
I woke gasping from another dream of my mother and destruction.
The rain had stopped, and the sun was rising, so I wiped the sweat from my brow and went to the hall pitcher to splash my face.
The dark roots of my hair were stark in the mirror’s reflection, and I recalled the dream.
The memories of my mother were fuzzy, but I’d always thought she’d had light hair, beautiful and golden like Junnie’s.
In the dreams, it was black… as black as the roots of my hair were now.
I stood there for a long moment, staring at the darkness, and then spun as I made another stupid, rash decision.
Slinking past Fannie’s room, I headed for her makeshift vault.
She kept all the things I wasn’t allowed to touch in that room; it was supposed to be off limits.
Not that I’d bothered trying much, because there was a large flat stone—covering where it hid in the floor—that I’d never been able to move.
But that was before.
I wasn’t sure how the magic had worked with the bird, but I knew it had, so I dropped to my knees, held my hands above the stone, and closed my eyes, concentrating with everything I had.
Nothing happened right away, and my mind wandered a bit with thoughts of what might be inside, how I wanted to see and needed to touch my family heirlooms.
The things that belonged to my mother.
The stone lid scraped across the floor as it shifted.
It didn’t go far, but I hadn’t needed much.
I reached down and drew out a small leather pouch, its bronzed decorations weathered and worn.
I laid it aside, reaching back in.
My fingers closed around a tube, probably a scroll case.
I had started to take it out when I heard the wheezing growl behind me.
I froze.
The stream of profanities that followed was long and harsh; part sounded like it was in another tongue.
I released the tube and turned slowly toward Fannie.
She was livid, red-faced and shaking.
She stepped toward me, and I slid the pouch that lay against my leg behind my sash.
She didn’t seem to notice.
The blow was quick, and I hadn’t seen it coming.
My head turned with the contact, whipping back toward her before I had a chance to rein in the shock and anger.
Fannie’s eyes lit with anticipation.
Like she wanted me to fight back.
I had never even talked back to Fannie.
I didn’t have the size to fight her, let alone the magic.
And she was conniving.
When I’d first come to live with her she had sent me to Council repeatedly, complaining of my behavior.
I had undergone hours of “evaluations” under the scrutiny of Council members.
Exams and trials and endless questions.
Black blots on parchment that made abstract shapes.
“What do you see, Elfreda?” I knew what they wanted to hear—butterfly and flower species.
But I was so resentful toward Fannie for putting me there, I usually saw a black blob of death consuming her.
“A Monarch,” I’d say.
She looked beyond me at the few inches of open floor, and I took the opportunity to bolt past her down the hall, straight out the door at full speed.
I ran from the house, ignoring the paths; other elves would be no help to me.
I kept running until I was certain she wasn’t coming, and then I collapsed at the edge of a meadow, breathless.
I dropped my face into my hands, and might have wept if I’d not been so fueled by fear and adrenaline.
“Freya?” a soft voice asked.
I looked up, startled.
Chevelle stood just in front of me.
He dropped to his knees and reached out to touch the mark across my cheek.
Shame flooded me, and I turned my head to hide the evidence, but his hand cradled the side of my face.
Chapter Four Flame
“Freya,” he repeated in a softer voice as he lifted my chin.
He appeared to have real concern as he glanced from what I was sure was now a welt to my eyes, and I struggled to keep the tears that were welling up from falling.
I’d not had a caring touch from anyone for so long I didn’t know how to react.
And I was ashamed.
Fannie had authority over me, but I wasn’t a child.
It was only that I had nowhere else to go.
That I couldn’t leave.
“You’ll need to learn protection spells.” “I… I can’t…” “We won’t tell Francine or the Council,” he promised, and I didn’t miss that he’d used Fannie’s real name.
Then, softer, “We won’t even tell Junnie.” I didn’t understand.
The cold, wet ground seeped through the material covering my legs, and I shifted, fidgeting as I looked up at him.
“I mean I can’t do magic, just useless stuff… lighting candles…” “Then we start with fire,” he said.
Chevelle lowered his hand to mine and stood, pulling me up and toward the center of the clearing.
When we’d distanced ourselves from the tree line, he stopped and turned back to me, still holding my right hand.
My eyes followed his as he looked down at our clasped hands and a cool blue flame lit on my right sleeve.
Immediately, my free hand jerked up to extinguish it.
Chevelle took it to keep me from smacking at the flame, which had already disappeared.
“No,” he said, “use the magic.
Feel it.” I nodded and he returned his gaze to our hands, now both connected.
He couldn’t have been much older than I, but his hands dwarfed mine and it made me feel suddenly, fleetingly, like a child again.
A spark lit at the hem of my left sleeve and slowly worked its way up my arm.
I wanted the fire off me, needed it put out.
When I concentrated on that, the flame flickered.
It flared again and Chevelle squeezed my hands; I had to be able to do this.
I focused hard on the base of the flame as it wavered and then fell back toward the hem, where it finally choked off.
I glanced up at Chevelle.
He looked pleased.
“Again,” he said as he stepped back and released my hands.
The meadow seemed to open as a circle of fire grew in front of me.
I tried to see past it, through the flames to Chevelle, and then it was gone.
He was further back now, raising his right hand so a stream of fire followed it, arcing in my direction.
I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to extinguish it before it hit me.
My feet were frozen in place.
I could only think of one thing: Fight fire with fire.
I flung my arm toward the incoming stream of flames and a tongue of fire akin to a dragon’s shot out and collided with it.
I was shocked.
I’d only used my power to light candles and lanterns.
I’d had no idea I could produce such a vicious plume of flames.
I looked to Chevelle.
“Yes,” he exalted.
He raised his arms above his head to construct a massive circle of blazing heat.
When his eyes returned to mine, he smiled.
He liked playing with fire.
And then he shoved the fireball toward me with frightening speed.
I threw both hands in front of me, palms out, and forced the largest mass I could in response.
Chevelle flicked his wrist and the flame dodged up and angled back toward me.
I shook my hands frantically, spitting sharp bullets of heat at it, hoping to break it up.
But he pulled his hands apart and the thing split, each side curving toward me; there were two now, closing in fast.
I leapt forward just as they collided where I’d been standing and lost my footing while I watched the fireworks behind me.
Spinning into a tumble to keep from landing flat on my face, I rolled to my feet, still thrilling from the fire play.
From magic.
I let out a breathless laugh and Chevelle joined in, though in all fairness, he might have merely been amused by my fall.
We spent the next several hours there in the meadow, sculpting my craft.
The exercises grew increasingly more difficult, but it seemed Chevelle was only toying with me.
He must have had experience with fire magic; the flames he produced behaved like an obedient dog.
Mine, on the other hand, were about as compliant as a wet cat.
Exhausted by the day’s work, I began to sway a bit.
Chevelle led me to the base of an old willow tree and I slumped against the trunk, sliding down to lie on my back.
Chevelle reclined against the tree, his legs coming to rest just above my head in the soft grass.
I gazed through the immense mass of leaves and branches overhead and breathed deeply.
I felt the need to explain the welt, and my eyes rose toward him as I lightly touched my cheek.
“I was searching for my mother’s things…” He didn’t respond, staring straight out into the meadow, so I returned to watching the canopy of leaves.
“I can’t remember her,” I said.
I hadn’t discussed this with anyone before, but once I started talking, I couldn’t seem to stop.
Without his response, I kept on, explaining my dreams—purposefully leaving out the part I had read about the northern clans—and closed my eyes in an attempt to see them clearer.
I was recalling the details, her dark hair blowing in the wind, the feeling of being trapped, when my thoughts faded into the blackness of sleep.
I woke in my own bed, the room lit by the dim light of a single flame suspended above my table.
A flash of embarrassment hit as it dawned on me Chevelle must have placed me there; he must have seen my home, my room.
And then I smiled, because he had left me a flame.
I stretched my entire body, rejuvenated from the rest.
I was unsure how long I’d slept but it looked like the sun was rising again and I wanted to be out of the house before I ran into Fannie.
It was probably too early to hope to see Chevelle.
I’d spent the last two days with him, but he hadn’t revealed anything of himself and that had only made me more curious.
I retrieved the documents I’d hidden after my second trip to the library to find out whether they added anything to the report from the Council’s record-keeper.
There wasn’t much new there, mostly more names, but I did notice a watermark on one of the pages.
I held it up to the light to better see.
It was a Council marking and something else.
I dug out the first pages from under my mattress and examined them closer.
The pages directly from the record-keeper’s report all included the same Council mark plus a string of characters.
Trying to decode them, I realized one of the symbols might simply be a page number.
And the others, they were probably locators.
I felt like a fool.
They were just like the codes used in the library, only more elaborate.
No one really used the ciphers, you didn’t need them with magic, but they had been added to many of the pages when the fairies had started tracking clan histories.
I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.
I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
I shouldn’t do it.
I couldn’t.
But I was.
I was going to do it.
And if I got caught?
I could claim ignorance.
The entire clan thought I was an imbecile in any case.
Maybe I would just see how close I could get.
Maybe just to try… And then I was there, standing in front of the Council building and walking in.
My attempt at stealth was a poor endeavor, but no one ever seemed to pay much attention to me anyway.
I casually leaned around a doorway to see into the next room, where a small group of villagers stood, blocking my way.
They spoke in low voices, and as I tried to figure a way past, something seized my attention.
“Evelyn has been a model citizen… doesn’t seem right…” My nerves twitched as the worry from that day returned.
As I remembered the risk I’d put myself under coming here.
I strained to listen but could only pick out parts of the conversation.
“Well on her way to becoming a Council member… if anyone should leave…” “Yes, but who can trust him…” “Why can’t we simply banish… who knows if the spells will even hold… dark magic can’t be trusted…” I was trying to hear them, irritated they were talking so low, and the harder I listened, the more I perceived a dull, buzzing hum.
My ears popped.
And then, at once, the group began to scratch at themselves feverishly, clawing at forearms, abdomens, and necks.
Each wore an uncomfortable, even frightened, expression as they hurried out of the room and into an inner Council chamber.
I was considering the strangeness of it as I made my way through the now-vacant room, but was distracted by the sight of the library door.
I had no way of knowing if there would be a protection spell on the entry.
When I walked through, there were no obvious repercussions and I assumed that, with so many Council members around, they must not have thought it necessary.
The Council library was overwhelming.
It housed copies of all the books in the village library as well as hundreds more that were too delicate or important for public use.
And if you believed Fannie’s theories, they held secret documents here as well, things they didn’t want commonly known.
The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.
I checked the small section, seeing immediately the symbols fit.
I smiled, thinking how easy it had been as I slid my fingertips across the volumes on that shelf.
My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.
It was a protection spell.
I ran.
As I shot through the rooms, all I could think of was not getting caught.
I shoved the pages under my shirt before I made it through the last door.
The village was crowded with elves, oblivious to my horror.
The protection spell must have only alerted council.
I ran from town and pushed through the brush at the edge of the village, taking the shortest direction out of the boundaries.
I kept running until I became winded and then hastily searched for some kind of shelter.
Burrowing deep in a briar patch, struggling to catch my breath, I wrenched the wad of papers from under my shirt, buried them in the soil beside me, and then waited for my punishment to come.
But no one was coming.
I was naïve to think they would chase me like hounds on a fox.
They had magic—they were High Council.
I stayed in the patch of briars for most of the day, cowering despite myself, but as the sun lowered in the sky, I crawled out on my belly to start the long walk toward home.
It was late by the time I reached the tree and I was tired enough I didn’t care as much about being caught.
I didn’t even know if they knew who broke the seal, if they knew I was the guilty party.
But I was still quiet as I entered the house, then my room, and slid into bed.
The next morning I slipped out early to call on Junnie.
When I reached her door, it was cracked open again.
I pushed it aside and scanned the front room, to no avail.
I walked through to check the back, but still found nothing.
Junnie was exceedingly clean and organized, so I couldn’t tell if she’d even been home.
I wandered back to the front door and was surprised by a tall figure there.
The elaborate robe and tassels of a decorated council member blocked my way and the fear returned.
“Elfreda.” I cautiously dipped my head in respect.
“Juniper Fountain has received the calling.” I stared at him in disbelief, stuttering out a, “Wha—” But then I caught myself, because I had heard clear enough.
The more important question was, “When?” He grimaced at my disrespectful manner.
“Not long.” Not long?
Not long ago?
Not long from now?
I felt sick.
I knew I was testing his patience, but I had to keep pushing.
“Where?” His mouth tightened.
“That is council business, Elfreda.
That is Juniper Fountain’s path, not your own.” He stepped aside and rolled his hand to encourage me out.
“Make your way.” I pushed past him feverishly, starting toward town.
But I quickly recalled the incident at the library and turned, heading toward home.
Until I remembered my run-in with Fannie.
I had nowhere to go.
A pain throbbed deep in my chest.
Instinct pushing me, I ran for the clearing where I’d learned with Chevelle.
He was there, waiting for me.
The pain in my chest dulled a little.
Or maybe it was only overwhelmed by a new pressure.
I crossed to him slowly.
Junnie was all I’d had since I came here and now she was gone.
For a hundred years, she’d be gone.
I wanted nothing more of Fannie.
Nothing more of any of this.
I didn’t know what I would do, but by the time I reached Chevelle, I knew what I wanted: to retrieve my mother’s things from the vault.
I would leave this wretched place behind.
I made my stance more formal to match his as I said, “I want to learn transfer magic.” His mouth tightened and he turned his head, a half shake.
“You taught me fire,” I argued.
“For protection, Freya.” “Please,” I begged.
He hesitated.
I didn’t know how to convince him.
Was it too soon for me to learn?
I knew there was an order to the spells, knew you must earn the knowledge.
If you went too fast or out of sequence you could endanger yourself.
“There is no hurry,” he tried to persuade me.
“There is,” I insisted.
“I am running.” I didn’t know why I chose that word.
I wasn’t bound here.
Leaving would have sufficed, but it felt like running, felt like escape.
And I knew I was trapped.
Someone would stop me.
Yes, I was running.
My head swung to locate a noise at the edge of the clearing behind me.
Long robes… two council members.
My throat went dry and Chevelle grabbed my shoulders as he spoke in a low voice.
“Home, Freya.
Run.” I didn’t hesitate, I sprinted straight home without looking back.
The house seemed empty but I didn’t check.
Heart pounding, I went directly to my room and closed the door behind me.
The single flame still flickered above my bedside table, and as I walked closer, I noticed a package on my bed.
I spun my hand and lit the room to better see.
It was a large ivory box tied with tweed.
There was a small note under the knot.
Dearest Elfreda, I must away without saying goodbye.
I am sure you cannot understand, but please trust in me.
Don this immediately.
—J.
I tugged at the tie and the string fell away.
I sucked in air as I opened the lid.
It seemed like I couldn’t quite catch my breath anymore.
Reaching inside to draw out the long white gown, I could not fathom Junnie’s reasoning.
But she must have gone through much to get me this package.
Numbly, I stared at her words while I unfastened my shirt and sash.
The pouch I had rescued from the vault fell to the bed.
How had I forgotten?
I kicked off my shoes and pulled my top and pants off before sliding the gown over my head, straightening the length with my hands.
The corset laced tight at my waist, the plunging neckline lower than anything I would ever wear.
I retrieved the leather pouch from the bed to examine the contents, but before I loosened the binding I heard a crash behind me; three council guards had busted open my door.
I tucked the pouch under the long bell sleeve of the dress as they crossed the room to seize me by the arms.
Chapter Five Trials
I stood in the center of a council chamber I had never before seen.
Vast libraries lined the walls, interspersed with decorated frames and ornate mirrors.
A great vaulted ceiling rose overhead, embellished with intricate carvings, painted in every detail.
Across the empty space before me was an elaborate table that seated six leaders of High Council.
The guards who had brought me here were standing behind me, within arm’s reach on either side.
Left of them were council members and, as I glanced right, Chevelle walked in to stand at attention, facing the council table.
I could hear others enter behind us, presumably witnesses, and I wondered if Junnie was among them.
“Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia stands before High Council…” The formal tone of the speaker severed my rambling thoughts, dragging me back to a frightening reality.
What would they do to me?
How bad could the punishment be for sneaking into a library?
And stealing a book.
Maybe it wasn’t even about that, maybe Fannie had told them I broke into the vault.
But they were my family’s things too, it couldn’t be that bad.
She could lie.
I swallowed hard.
Maybe it was about something else.
Maybe something else entirely.
Maybe a dead bird.
A guard approached me.
I had been drifting again, lost in thought.
What had they said?
The council leaders were focused on the pendant at my chest, where it lay exposed against my skin in the V of the low cut gown.
They had ordered the guard to remove it.
I didn’t understand why they would want my mother’s pendant, but I knew not to ask.
I knew what happened when you spoke before being instructed.
The guard stood, facing me, both hands poised to take the leather chain over my head as I stared on insensibly.
His touch lingered and I glanced down, surprised to see he had a firm grip on the necklace but wasn’t lifting it, couldn’t lift it.
I looked to the council leaders as the guard turned toward the table and decisively stepped away from me.
“The crystal will not be removed,” he said.
Though he spoke only to the elders, it set into motion behind us a wave of murmurs that filled the room, reverberating up the high ceiling.
A council elder silenced the witnesses and then trained on me.
“Who instructed you in fusion?” I didn’t have an answer.
I’d never heard of fusion.
I wasn’t sure what to do, and I looked toward Chevelle out of desperation.
He was watching me, surprise clear on his face.
Whatever I’d been accused of, he hadn’t expected it.
The council elders mistook the exchange as an answer.
“Chevelle Vattier, you have led this fusion?” His head whipped back toward the council table and he shot out a forceful, “No.” They focused once more on me.
“I ask again, Elfreda, who taught you the magic to seal yourself to the crystal?” I was at a loss.
I stood, helpless, as Chevelle spoke up.
“Elfreda.” He’d used my given name, I hoped simply because we were in a formal setting and not because of whatever horrible thing I had been accused of.
He was pleading now.
“Where did you learn how to fuse the pendant with your blood?” Fuse the pendant with my blood?
What was he talking about?
I heard someone behind me.
“… how did she know to keep it from being removed?” And someone else.
“… who even left it with her?” It came together then, the feeling I’d had when I woke and placed it around my neck, the part of the dream I’d shaken off as I stood before the basin washing up, cleaning the blood from my hands, from the pendant.
I wanted to explain, tell of what I’d seen in the dream, but it was foggy and I was too slow to pull it into thought.
I was too late; they had already passed judgment on me.
Harsh judgment.
The deep voice boomed with finality.
“… convicted of practicing dark magic…” The elder’s staff slammed against its wood base, echoing into the tumult of discord rising behind me.
I reached out my hand to plead for mercy, to beg to be given a chance to explain, and he began to list my lineage for the records.
I was flooded with fury at the injustice as I heard my mother’s name and my outstretched hand became a fist.
The speaker’s voice cut off.
He grabbed his throat as the other council leaders rushed to him.
His choking face stared directly at me, unquestionably an accusation, and I realized with a start that he was right.
I was cutting off his windpipe, as if it were there in my outstretched fist.
I released my grip.
He was surrounded now, and the room was filled with a roar of commotion and terror.
My ears rang sharply.
I had to look away from it all.
When I turned, I caught my reflection in one of the larger mirrors, but it wasn’t me.
No, it must be me, but unrecognizable.
Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered.
My hair was dark and windblown.
The bell sleeve of the long white gown hung from my still outstretched arm.
It was the dream, alive and here.
The pendant against my chest seemed to glow at my revelation.
I ran.
As I raced from the chamber, I couldn’t tell if anyone had even noticed.
They all appeared to be staring at the speaker but, regardless, I concentrated furiously on not being followed.
Do not catch me, do not find me, let me go, I was almost chanting in my thoughts.
Out the building, out of the village, running as fast as I could, I kept thinking it over and over and over.
I didn’t know where I would go, I just wanted away.
I found myself heading in the same direction I had the day before.
But hiding in a briar patch wouldn’t work this time.
They would come for me.
As I frantically tried to decide where to go, my previous conclusion snaked through my mind.
They would find me if they wanted to.
There was no stopping them.
I had no magic, no tracking skills, no clue.
I stopped running.
My heart pounded, the wind cutting against the damp sweat on my skin.
I wanted to understand what had just happened, but I couldn’t process it.
It was just too painful.
I was confused, drained to the point of exhaustion.
I had no way out.
When they found me, I would have to surrender.
I could see no other option.
No one came.
I wasn’t fool enough to go back voluntarily, but for some reason, they hadn’t followed.
I didn’t know what to do with myself.
I had nothing outside of home, outside of the village.
I didn’t even know where to go, didn’t know where I was.
It was just another clearing outside of the only town I’d ever known, the only town I remembered knowing.
I wandered toward the briar patch, finding it easily.
It hadn’t been far, despite my exhaustion.
I crawled through the narrow path I’d made the previous time.
It hadn’t seemed such a tight fit in only pants.
I settled in, jerking a length of skirt free from the thorns with a spray of colorless beads.
Brushing the loose dirt off the papers I had buried, I laid the soiled documents across my lap and untied the laces binding them together.
I stared at the words on the ancient parchment, unable to believe what I was reading was true.
It had to be; it was signed with the official seal, staring back at me from the smudged white fabric of my skirt, the letters on the page as real and words as patent as they could be.
The documents held the details of a trial, and not only a trial, a punishment.
The punishment of Francine Katteryn Glaforia, found guilty of practicing dark magic.
Her sentence included some sort of service to council and a spell binding her from using magic of any kind except practical.
I was dumbfounded.
It had never crossed my mind before, but as I considered it, searching for proof the documents were wrong, I realized Aunt Fannie had never used magic for anything but service.
It hadn’t seemed unusual to me, it was just the way it had always been.
And besides, I could barely do anything aside from lighting candles.
Was this why council was so quick to accuse me of practicing dark magic?
It was rarely even discussed and never tolerated.
What had Fannie done?
I flipped through more of the pages, realizing something was out of place.
It didn’t make sense official documents about Fannie would be among those relating to the apparent extinction of the northern clans.
And why had all the documents I’d found about the tragedy been separated, mixed up, and missing pages?
I tried to sort it out, but found there were other council documents there too.
I kept reading, quickly scanning for something of interest.
My eyes caught on his name a second before my mind recognized it… Chevelle Vattier.
As I backed up to read, my shock and disbelief turned to fury before I could even finish the page.
Chevelle Vattier had been a volunteer watcher.
A Council spy.
He had volunteered to watch me.
Swift, white-hot anger flooded through me and the pages I held burst into flames.
The brush around me caught next, burning away as I stood to push free of the blazing patch of briars.
They had set a watcher on me.
Why?
Because Fannie had practiced dark magic?
Were they afraid she’d teach me?
I’d show them dark magic.
I’d learn and go back… But how?
How could I learn without a teacher?
Chevelle.
The fire died as I thought of the concern he’d shown me in the clearing, the tender moment we’d shared.
With one word, the flames caught again, burning with a vengeance through the field.
Watcher.
None of it had been real.
He was a watcher, he’d volunteered to watch me, to keep me in line.
So I’d teach myself, take the risk and learn the magic without guidance.
What did I have to lose?
The plan was formed: I’d practice until I was strong enough to return to the village.
There was nothing holding me back.
Nothing to do but this one thing.
I spotted a small toad as it leapt across the clearing in a desperate attempt to escape the inferno.
I concentrated on it, willing it to change.
Its wide body started to swell, sides bubbling out, puffing it into a tiny green balloon.
It did not transform into that monarch butterfly I had imagined.
It burst, spewing entrails across the hem of my dress.
My head fell into my hands as I groaned.
It took a while, but the anger eventually faded to a point where I realized I’d need a new plan.
I couldn’t help but regret the flames had consumed the documents that had caused all this to begin with.
I should have fully read them first.
My heart tripped at the sound of cracking tinder beneath boot across the clearing.
The fire had burned out, but the ashes were plenty evidence I’d been here.
I ducked under the cover of a large spruce and watched.
Chevelle walked through the tree line and my jaw clenched tight against a silent curse.
He was alone.
He kept walking as he looked my direction, surveying the damage from the fire.
I was convinced he would know it had been me, but he didn’t stop or even slow.
It made no sense.
Why hadn’t he investigated further?
Was he not here looking for me?
He was my watcher and I was missing.
So where else would he be going?
Before I had, regrettably, torched the documents, I had seen Junnie noted as his contact.
My pulse sped at the idea that he might be going to her, to get her help in finding me.
If he was my watcher, I’d be his responsibility, and she was the only one who knew me at all aside from Fannie.
He was a good fifty yards farther as I considered.
My feet were moving before I’d actually decided to follow him.
My determination faltered.
How far should I go?
What if he wasn’t going to find Junnie?
And then I thought, What else do you have to do, sit here and blow up frogs?
It was all the convincing I needed.
Slinking out from the branches of the spruce, I crept low along the trees and brush as I followed my watcher north.
Chapter Six Trails
Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.
Unlike me, he wasn’t dodging between rocks and trees, bending out of sight and watching the ground to keep from breaking twigs while he tried to keep from being spotted.
I cursed the formal dress I’d been dragging as it snagged on a low-lying thicket, flinging another string of beads into the soft dirt.
I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.
The stance mirrored mine, and gave me pause.
He was sneaking into this village.
I watched as he crept around the back of a small hut, knowing that if he was hiding, I definitely didn’t want to get caught here.
He leapt into a rear window and I followed as low and slow as I could.
When I reached the last tree I could use for cover, I darted up against the hut and peered through a gap in the twigs that patched it together.
They were whispering.
“… mustn’t let them find you… shouldn’t have come…” It was dim inside, but I caught a glimpse of a figure through the wall.
Junnie.
Chevelle was whispering his reply to her, and though I couldn’t quite hear, he must have given her a short account of the morning’s events.
I moved closer to the window, finding a larger gap there.
“Were you able to track her?” Junnie asked in a low voice.
“Not exactly.
She’s following me.” Heat flooded my face.
I couldn’t believe he’d fooled me again.
I didn’t care what else they had to say.
I stood and marched away, fuming at the idea that both of them were in on it.
They might have been council, but it didn’t stop the feeling of betrayal.
They’d lied to me, acted as if they’d cared.
I was done with them.
With everyone.
I wanted as far away from all of it as possible.
But I didn’t make it far.
Exhaustion caught up with me a few miles later and I found an old oak tree, sliding down its massive trunk to rest my aching legs.
I’d never run so far in my life and my head throbbed.
I was seething with anger and frustration and the feeling of being ensnared.
I didn’t sleep.
I sat, leaned against the tree, like a petulant child.
I held a hand up and flipped a flame, tossing it up and down, rolling it above my palm.
I was hungry, but I didn’t eat.
Too stubborn and angry to go find food, too resentful I didn’t have the magic to bring it to me.
Yes, like a child.
A foolish, sulky child.
Bright sun and chirping birds tore into my finally still senses.
My eyes squinted open as I resisted the urge to stop the birds.
It was the first time I’d slept away from my bed; disoriented, I glanced around.
It didn’t help.
I’d never been far from home and the new landscape was unsettling.
But when I looked away, I noticed the neatly stacked pile of fabric and loaf of bread that had been positioned beside me.
I silently cursed the watchers who had apparently found me during the night.
I didn’t see them anywhere, so I assumed they’d left me out here as punishment.
Some part of me wanted to burn the pile for spite, but my stomach overruled the thought.
Reaching out to grab the bread, and then, since I had already defied my belligerence, the stack of clothes, I stood to find a creek to clean up and finally get out of this ridiculous dress.
It took a moment to locate the trickle of water, but the creek was only a short distance away.
I walked down the softened earth to where the water had pooled and knelt, leaning over to splash my face.
Panic shot through me as someone looked back at me.
I nearly bolted upright, planning to flee, but caught myself.
The woman in the reflection was me.
That was my dark hair and flushed skin.
Cautiously leaning over the pool once more, I convinced myself it was only the dark water, a trick of light and shadow.
My eyes were not that green, my hair not black.
I straightened and held a lock of it forward to examine.
It shimmered in the bright sunlight, glossy black.
My hand fell away.
Maybe I could just wash it out.
Nauseous, I stepped into the pool, sinking beneath its surface.
A thought crossed my mind that was darker than the rest, that said maybe I should stay under, but the pressure to draw air stung my lungs.
I could not drown the desire to breathe.
I pushed through the water, gasping and cold, struggling to climb from the muck as I stood and walked out.
I was drenched, the material of the long gown soaked and heavy and more uncomfortable than ever.
I loosened the wet corset ties and dropped the dress into a pile at my feet, shivering as I stepped free of it and onto a rock.
I grabbed a shirt from the pile, and then the slim pants, aware of how nice the fabric felt, how good the cut.
A leather vest laced over the top.
It seemed they were tailored for me.
I’d never had such luck making my own clothes.
These were trim and fit, made for traveling.
Not that I knew where I was going.
My desire to trail Chevelle had been smashed, but there was no way I could return to the village.
I glanced around.
Still no sign of the watchers as I slid my shoes on.
I should have kept running during the night, but I’d been too exhausted.
There was a pack in the pile as well, but I didn’t have anything aside from a soaking wet dress.
I stretched it over a low branch to dry, and the pouch I had hidden before the trial fell free.
I sat on the rock, picking up the small, weathered bag.
I’d carried it for days now and still didn’t know what was inside.
I pulled the binding loose to dump the contents into my hand: a small dark ruby, a silver medallion, and a tiny scroll.
I held the stone up to the light.
Aside from the depth of color, it didn’t seem extraordinary.
I also examined the medallion, but didn’t recognize the emblems.
Dropping them back into the pouch, I opened the scroll, reading the first line of the tiny script, “Fellon Strago Dreg.” Electricity shot through my hands and I dropped the scroll.
My hands felt like they had been scorched.
The unmistakable stench of charred flesh turned my stomach and I twisted my palms inward to inspect the damage.
There were curving lines and symbols covering the skin.
Burned into them.
I gasped.
I’d been around fire magic for as long as I could remember.
It had never burnt me or any other elf as far as I knew; it would only burn what it was meant to burn.
I glanced back down at the scroll, realizing the fire magic had been meant to burn.
I should never have read the words aloud.
I carefully picked it up and rolled it back in place, certain I would never read from it again.
Binding the pouch as I had found it, I tucked it into the pack.
When I checked my hands to decipher the lines, I realized I was seeing a map.
Yes, it was burned into my palms, but it was a map.
I couldn’t fathom why anyone would have a ridiculous spell like that, and then it struck me that it had come from the vault, from my own family’s things.
I bit down hard on my lip, fighting the impulsive urge that always got me into trouble.
But I didn’t want to go back to the village, not ever.
And I only had this one chance, this small moment before they came to retrieve me.
I grabbed the dress off the tree branch—the last evidence of me being here—and threw it into the pack.
Swinging it around onto my back, I started to run.
I didn’t know where I was or where the map would take me, but I finally had a purpose.
There were mountains burned into my palms, and there was only one place to find mountains: In the north.
I couldn’t remember much of life before going to live with my aunt Fannie.
The village and surrounding meadows and forests were the only home I’d had, the only place I’d known.
It wasn’t exactly a comforting place, but there was something to be said for knowing where you were, where to find food, shelter, and water.
I’d been filled with determination when I’d started running, concentrating on north and nothing else.
But as I made my way, I became aware of the sheltered life I’d been living.
The land here started to roll, the trees a deeper green, their trunks too narrow.
It didn’t seem as if I’d gone that far, only half a day following Chevelle and then this time on my own.
The changes here made me anxious to see the North.
I glanced at my palm once more.
I thought I’d figured out most of the lines—creeks curving through the landscape, mountains a jagged ridge across the top—but there were still a lot of unanswered questions.
My hand squeezed into a nervous fist, but I kept moving.
I tried not to think about all that had happened—not Fannie or the trial, not Junnie and especially not Chevelle.
I just kept putting one foot in front of the other.
I couldn’t even imagine what lay in the mountains where I was heading, but there was no going back.
I wasn’t tired anymore, not as I had been every day since I’d been using magic.
But I forced those thoughts away, counting steps as I ran.
I was miles from home.
A home I might never return to.
I pushed myself forward through the day, only stopping when I found a patch of sweet berries and a small, babbling creek.
The berries were wild, small and much less palatable without the guiding hand of an elf, but the water I’d gathered from the stream was cool and refreshing.
As evening approached, so grew the underlying discomfort with the idea of the coming darkness.
Not that I hadn’t spent my share of time alone at home, just not alone in the middle of a strange forest outside.
I might have run through the night and slept at day, but it made little sense to struggle out of fear.
It didn’t stop me from seeking out a decent shelter before nightfall, though.
Slowing my pace, I gave the surroundings more attention.
The strangeness of the land was a little shocking, and I had to surrender the idea of finding a proper tree.
But a half mile or so later, I came upon a suitable hollow in a low embankment guarded by the curling roots of a sycamore.
It wasn’t a bad start, but I gathered some shrubbery to cover the entryway, the bitter stench of its sharp green leaves giving me a little more security—or at least the feeling of it.
The sun hadn’t set when I’d finished lining the floor with vines, but I went ahead and settled in, sitting so I could see through an opening in the frond-covered entry.
It was quiet, harder to fight the thoughts that were trying to creep in.
I began to run songs through my head for distraction, mangling the lyrics and humming through the parts I couldn’t remember at all.
My fingers tapped soundlessly into the dirt, until a flicker of movement just outside stopped me.
I held my breath for what I was sure was impending, and painful, death, and saw it again.
I released the breath, which was not, in fact, my last.
A soft white rabbit loped in front of the bushes I’d posted for a doorway.
My stomach was interested, but I’d never prepared meat.
I’d only ever gathered berries and vegetables that someone else had grown.
I didn’t have the first idea how to make a bow, let alone shoot one, and I’d never killed anything.
Except plants.
And a bird.
But I had no idea if an animal killed by magic was edible.
I thought of the thistle, its black roots, how it had turned to ash.
The rabbit sniffed at the air in my direction and continued on its way, answering the matter for me.
I was sitting in a hole, utterly alone, and it was beginning to get dark.
Night bugs chittered, their high-pitched keens rising with the loss of light.
I lit a thin flame to practice fire magic, leaning forward as I danced it back and forth above the ground.
My control had progressed a good deal since my training had begun; it seemed almost easy to navigate a small flame.
I smoothed it out into a line and traced arcs and then more intricate designs.
The designs started to resemble portraits and I had to concentrate hard to keep from seeing them, so I focused on landscapes, but those grew from tiny village houses and trees to rolling hills and curving creeks.
Before long, the hills rose to mountains that melted into unidentifiable monsters.
I snuffed the flame with a wave and the den was black with night.
Eventually, the clouds broke and the soft glow of moonlight filtered in through the opening.
I leaned onto an elbow to examine the glistening patches of light on the skin of my outstretched hand, twisting it from day to night, pale to dark.
Weary and trancelike, I lowered my head, tucking my arm back as a pillow, and fell into a deep sleep.
Chapter Seven Steed
The early morning sun streaked through every break in the makeshift door, lighting the entirety of the hollow.
I considered covering my head with that damp dress and sleeping the rest of the day, but my stomach ached for food and Chevelle might not be far behind.
I crawled out, rubbing and squinting my eyes, and was able to locate a few roots and greens.
It would have to be enough to tide me over until I could figure out a way to hunt.
After knocking the brush away from my shelter, I slung the pack over my shoulder and trudged north once more.
There was an abundance of streams running through the hills, and a few patches of fat, amethyst berries along the way, so I couldn’t complain.
And the route was undemanding; the ground was smooth, nothing too overgrown to make passage difficult, none of those nasty snarls that could form from a maze of thorn trees or the network of vines that could tangle your legs.
The grass was tall, but soft, so it rolled over, hiding no more than the occasional field mouse or vole.
Sporadic wildflowers dotted the hills, small sprays of pinks or spiky yellowbird.
The sky was cloudless and blue, the sun a constant companion as I carried on through the days and hills.
Each new day was something unexpected, and the trip became less daunting than it might have otherwise been.
I was moving every moment of light, and so exhaustion pulled me into sleep every moment of darkness.
I concentrated on each step, breathing in the new scents, counting trees, anything I could to keep myself on task and the past out of mind.
I was counting fallen catclaw seeds when I crested another hill and spotted a bridge in the valley.
I hesitated, slowly making my way down.
A bridge might mean a village was nearby, and a village meant elves.
I didn’t want to get caught, not after all this, so I was fully prepared to run by the time I reached the crossing.
Its stacked gray stones were bulkier than those that had been appearing more frequently on my path.
Water flowed beneath, smoothing the stones at the base.
They were so worn, it must have been in place for centuries.
The leather soles of my shoes skimmed over ancient stone, the bridge curving gently before flattening out into a worn dirt path on the other side.
It was more traveled than I would have liked, so I swung wide, through the trees instead.
The wind shifted and the scent of roasting meat assaulted me, dragging my attention, my feet, its way.
Despite my concerns about other elves, my stomach tightened, my mouth watering as I followed it through the trees.
They broke into a small clearing, and there in the center stood a cloaked figure, kneeling down as he turned a meat-covered spit.
Pressed tight behind an oak tree, I shuffled sideways to get a better view.
I was sure it was an elf, male, from his size.
The smell of real food was consuming, and I was watching the cooked meat roll over the flame as I moved again.
A dry leaf crushed beneath my foot.
“Come then, there’s plenty for both of us,” the figure called.
I cursed.
Caught, I walked cautiously out of the trees.
He turned, tossing the cloak aside as he propped one leg onto a rock.
I had the strangest notion he was posing.
He scrutinized me, and I resisted the urge to straighten my hair and brush the dirt from my clothes.
“Don’t be shy.” The stranger beckoned, gesturing to an upturned log beside the fire.
The meat sizzled and popped as I crossed to him and sat obediently.
It was too late to hide; I might as well at least have something decent to eat.
Its smell was unfamiliar, but I didn’t care.
It smelled like food.
He reached down and tore a hunk from the spit, tossing it to me with a wink.
When I blushed, he smiled a wicked smile.
My mouth went dry.
He was tall and broad with dark hair and eyes.
Like Chevelle.
Handsome too, I supposed, though I could tell even from these few gestures he was a bit cocky.
He reminded me of Evelyn, always so proud of herself for finding me out.
The stranger watched me as I ate.
When I devoured the first piece, he laughed and threw me another.
I hoped I looked appropriately abashed.
As I finished the second serving, he stepped closer to sit on the misshapen rock that rose through the earth beside me.
He held his hand wide and a canteen flew up from a pile of things on the other side of the fire.
He passed it to me, and I tilted it back, expecting cool water.
I almost choked when warm wine hit my throat.
He leaned forward to get a better look at me as I lowered the container.
He looked as if he thought I might spook, otherwise I guessed he had plenty to say hidden beneath that smirk.
It didn’t stop him from moving uncomfortably close, though, or eyeing me with what I was certain was the same look I’d just given my meal.
I cleared my throat, thinking I’d made my sense of discomfort clear when he started to move, but he only stood, which brought him even closer.
Well, parts of him.
I turned toward the fire, tugging the pack tight against my shoulder as I prepared for a graceful exit.
For departure from food and warmth.
I jumped a little when the first tree uprooted across the clearing.
It was only a sapling, but the second and third tree followed.
“You look like you’ll need shelter, sunshine,” he explained.
I stared in disbelief as the trees split to form a low lean-to.
He shot me another wink; I couldn’t be sure he was kidding.
The tearing and popping noises ceased, and I examined his creation.
Quite impressive really.
He didn’t even seem to be watching, let alone concentrating.
And no blessings on it, no thanks to Mother Earth.
It seemed he was just enjoying himself, not being responsible to the magic.
Magic that I needed.
That I wanted.
He was good enough, there was no question of that.
He’d definitely be able to teach me.
I started to ask, but fell short.
I had no idea who this was and I probably shouldn’t let on who I was.
He noticed my open mouth, blank expression, and sat again, eyeing me questioningly, all humor gone.
“You seem to be really good at magic,” I offered.
He chuckled.
“Is that so?” “Yes, well, I… I need to learn.” “Learn?” The humor was gone again.
“What do you mean learn?” “I’ve never, well, except for fire, and I need someone to teach me… and you’re…” I waved a hand in his direction.
His brow rose.
“I don’t understand,” he said, clearly concerned about my mental state.
Maybe I was a few nuts short of a bushel.
“I’ve lost my mentor.
Can you teach me magic?
Help me, so I don’t do something out of order, hurt myself?” His eyebrows drew down, coming together as he began his reply, but a fallen branch cracked at the edge of the clearing and his head snapped toward it.
I sucked in a harsh breath as Chevelle strode toward us.
The elf who had been sitting with me was now in a fiercely protective stance in front of me.
I leaned around him to see, placing my hand on his leg as I angled my head past it.
That broke his stare and he glanced down at me.
I watched Chevelle, still walking casually toward us, as if there weren’t two angry panthers preparing to pounce on him.
But I must have appeared about as threatening as a kitten, because the leg I was gripping shook with laughter.
My angry gaze turned on my new acquaintance and he raised his hands in surrender, still chuckling.
“I take it you know him?” he asked.
“He’s following me,” I announced, too loud.
His eyes were concerned, so I let down my guard, moving to stand behind him.
Chevelle approached us, staring directly at me as if there were not the broad, tall form of the stranger between us.
He let me see his irritation for one long moment before his features melted back into their standard sternness.
For some reason, it infuriated me, and I nearly berated him right there.
But I remembered I was on the run.
I remembered this strange elf in front of me.
I decided to keep my mouth shut before I dug a deeper hole.
An arm wrapped around my shoulder and drew me forward.
“Introduce us, buttercup.” I grimaced.
My companion was certainly enjoying himself.
Chevelle held his hand out in a formal greeting.
“Chevelle Vattier.” “Vattier, eh?” I thought I heard the stranger mutter under his breath, “Well, you can call me Bonnie Bell.” Chevelle waited unmoved for his response.
He finally held his hand out in return.
“Steed.
Steed Summit.” They shot me a glare as my giggle slipped out.
Steed stared at me.
He especially didn’t seem to think it was funny.
“Our lineage is long and we breed the best stallions in the land.” Chevelle spoke up.
“Yes, I have heard much regarding the lines of Free Runner and Grand Spirit.
Tell me, is that what brings you out this far?” They carried on the exchange and Chevelle explained we’d be needing horses.
I sat back down, defeated.
This was it.
He was here to drag me back to the village.
For my sentence by council.
I listened as plans were made for a trade, Steed agreeing to bring in the herd so Chevelle would be able to choose in the morning.
They kept talking, settling into conversation.
Steed offered Chevelle what was left of the roast and they sat, Chevelle beside me and Steed across from us.
I picked up the canteen and choked down more wine.
The evening carried on and though the conversation still held a formal tone, neither man talking of anything personal, they seemed to be getting along.
I faded in and out of the various discussions, listening occasionally but never talking.
Steed seemed very aware of me, watching me in a way no one ever had.
It must have been obvious, because when he excused himself to check the herd, Chevelle studied me, sliding a strand of my now-black hair through his fingers.
“It suits you.” It was a familiar gesture and it should have made me flinch.
Maybe it was the wine, but as I looked at him, my anger was fading.
The way he’d reacted when Fannie had struck me, the caress against my cheek, those were not the actions of a council elder.
As we sat so near, it was hard to believe the concern wasn’t real.
His eyes burned with intensity; they seemed even darker now.
Dark… like mine.
I looked away.
Steed broke in through the trees, gesturing toward the direction he’d come from.
“They aren’t far.
Ready and able for a morning adventure.” As he approached, he glanced at me and then Chevelle, still close beside me.
“We can get an early start.” He lifted a pack from beside the fire and said, “Bluebell?” I stood, following this stranger without question, not missing the irritation on Chevelle’s face.
He unclasped the pack to roll the blankets out with a flip, smiling and nodding good evening before stepping away from my hastily constructed hut.
I unlaced my vest and threw it down, kicked off my shoes and fell into the blankets, stretching happily to finally have something like an actual bed.
The conversation outside quieted and I slipped off to sleep, trying not to think about my capture and coming return to the village.
“Freya.” A low voice broke into my dreams of gently rolling hills and soft gray stone.
I peered through slitted eyes to see Chevelle standing outside the entrance, back to me as he watched a dull red horizon.
I sat up, lacing the vest over the thin material of my blouse, and slid on my shoes to join him.
“It’s dawn,” I complained.
“And good morning, sunshine,” Steed called from atop a large, black stallion.
The beast’s nostrils flared, breath steaming in the cool morning air.
Two more of the animals pawed in the distance behind him.
Steed chirped a whistle and they walked forward, the slim, muscular one moving to stand beside Chevelle as a mammoth crossed in front of me and knelt.
I drew in a startled breath at the sheer size and nearness of it.
Steed shot me a mischievous wink.
“Well?” I was speechless, mouth agape.
The thing seemed as large and black as a starless night.
Steed was pleased with my reaction, but Chevelle’s eyes rolled heavenward.
He didn’t comment, though, simply holding out a hand to help me mount before swinging onto his own.
“I will ride with you as far north as Naraguah and then make my way east to trade with the imps at Bray,” Steed told Chevelle.
I swung a shocked look at my watcher, who simply nodded.
Steed saw my confusion and gave a disapproving glance in Chevelle’s direction.
He sat straighter, leaving me alone with Chevelle as rider and horse shot past us, a long black tail whipping in their wake.
I stared at Chevelle.
“North?” He looked back at me, his calm a contradiction to the thundering beat of my heart.
“You aren’t taking me back?
You are going… we are going north?” “I’m sorry, Freya,” he said.
“I let you down at the creek.” His gaze fell to my hands, which closed instinctively into fists, protecting the newly-scarred palms.
“I was distracted.
I should have been paying closer attention.
I should have prevented this.” Regret was thick in his voice.
I could only stare at him, mystified.
He explained, “It’s too late now.
You’ll never rest until you’ve followed the map.” He was wrong; I’d forgotten my plans, surrendered to my captor.
I had thought it was over.
“Yes,” I answered boldly, the word echoing with the thrum of my pulse.
It made no sense, but I didn’t take the time to think it through, didn’t give him a chance to change his mind.
I smiled, kicking my heels hard into the horse’s sides.
The animal jolted forward.
I gripped the saddle with all my might as its hooves cut the earth.
I’d never ridden a horse.
There weren’t any near the village and I’d only ever seen one from the occasional visitor.
This beast was huge and I could feel his power as the ground rushed beneath us.
We were gaining on Steed as I glanced over my shoulder to find Chevelle, his horse running, but not with the same determination as mine.
Wind whipped my hair as we caught Steed, who gave me a wide smile and edged beside us.
“Enjoying the beast?” I smiled in return, but as the horse kept up speed, we started to pass him, and I realized I didn’t know how to slow down.
I didn’t know how to stop.
For nuts’ sake, I didn’t know how to ride.
My head jerked back to find Steed, the exhilaration replaced by fear.
Recognizing my panic, he let out a short, sharp whistle and the horse slowed at once, falling in beside his.
Our legs almost touched as the animals loped in tandem.
“Never ridden?” “No.” My voice was shaky, along with my hands and legs.
“We only train them with commands for the imps.
Just use your magic.” I tamped down an image of the horse bursting into flames.
“I haven’t learned animal magic.” His lip pursed, one brow dropping low, the same strange look he’d given the first time I’d mentioned learning magic.
“Just feel it, Elfreda.” I ignored the slight annoyance that Chevelle must have told him my full name.
“I don’t understand,” I told him.
“You don’t learn magic,” Steed said.
“It’s a part of you.
Feel it.
Think about what you want the horse to do.” My confusion must have still been evident.
He shook his head.
“It’s like a muscle.
You didn’t think about lifting your leg to get on the horse, you just knew you wanted to climb on and your leg lifted.” Chevelle caught us then, riding up and cutting off Steed’s explanation with a clipped, “This isn’t the time for a magic lesson.” All three horses slowed to a walk as Chevelle shot Steed a glance.
I could only think of our lessons, of the fire in the clearing.
It had been so obvious once Chevelle had urged me to control a stronger flame, I guessed because I had been using the power in small doses for so long.
“What about your hands?” I asked.
“What do you mean?” Steed said, ignoring Chevelle’s warning glance.
“Why do you use your hands, if you just think it, I mean?” He laughed.
“That’s simply a quirk, I guess.
Habit.
Like when you’re playing flip ball and you want your piece to go in so bad you lean hard to ‘help’ it.” I remembered the game from when I’d first come to the village.
The children would be bound from magic and have to throw an odd-shaped piece into the corresponding hole on a game board across from them.
They would lean forward after they threw, sometimes bouncing and chanting, “Come on, come on,” twisting like somehow wishing would make the ball respond.
The game had held no interest for me.
I didn’t have to be bound to not have magic.
It wasn’t a novelty, it was everyday life.
“We should stop for breakfast,” Chevelle said.
We hadn’t been riding long, but it wasn’t a suggestion.
I didn’t mind; I’d eaten mostly berries for days and I wasn’t quite sure about riding yet.
“I suppose you’re right.
Might as well enjoy the journey,” Steed said, throwing me a private grin.
We stopped under the canopy of a red oak and Steed grabbed me as I slid awkwardly from the horse.
“You may ask him to kneel, Elfreda.” Not that he appeared to mind handling me about the waist to help me down.
Looking up at him, I pushed the hair away from my face.
“Yes, well, I guess I should start practicing.” Heat brushed my skin as the fire Chevelle was building flared.
It returned to its proper size and Chevelle commanded, “Sit, Elfreda.” Steed followed as I walked to a fallen limb by the fire and settled atop the widest part, drawing my legs up from the ground.
He sat as well, apparently not concerned about who was finding us breakfast.
Irritation rolled off Chevelle as he ran into the thick line of trees that bordered the clearing.
In only a moment he was back, carrying three large, white birds.
“Where is your bow?” I asked.
Steed’s laugh was loud.
“She’s a hoot!” Chevelle looked as though he could be in danger of losing his temper.
I didn’t get the joke.
“You’re serious?” Steed said, humor vanished as he gaped at Chevelle.
“What, she’s a bright lighter?” Chevelle was across the gap and in his face almost before Steed could stand.
I jerked back in response, but a screeching siren pierced my ears and I doubled over, covering them.
It was inside, a screaming, terrible howl coming from my ears.
I tried to force my eyes open, hoping someone would help me, but they were just standing there, chest to chest, arguing.
Did they not see me?
I ached to scream for help, but couldn’t get a sound out, couldn’t breathe.
They leaned toward each other, oblivious to anything else.
My eyes closed as I curled into a ball.
The seconds dragged on and I began to wonder if I would die.
And then it stopped.
I sucked in a ragged breath, then another.
I seemed fine, maybe a little dizzy, but otherwise it was gone.
Unclenching my body, I looked around, expecting someone to be leaning over me, attempting to help.
But nothing appeared out of place.
I pushed up on shaky limbs.
Chevelle was by the fire, preparing to roast the birds.
Steed stood beside his horse, adjusting the saddle’s straps.
Both had their backs turned to me as if they’d not even noticed.
A wave of vertigo hit when I tried to speak and I fell back against the tree limb to steady myself.
It seemed only a moment, but when my eyes opened again the scene had changed.
Steed reclined beside me, elbow resting on a bent knee as he lazily wound a feather in his hand.
Chevelle was across the fire.
He looked up at me through his lashes, past his furrowed brow, and then brought me a piece of meat.
It was cold.
I sat stunned.
Had they nothing to say?
Had they actually not known?
I wanted to scream, but the words wouldn’t come.
I was too drained.
And I was scared.
I didn’t know what had happened, what was wrong with me, but I was certain whatever it was, Chevelle would take me straight back to the village.
We stayed there for some time, a fact for which I was grateful.
Even though whatever had happened seemed to have passed, neither man seemed in a hurry to go.
Chevelle glanced at me occasionally but kept himself busy around the fire.
Steed still played with his feather, eventually entertaining me with it.
It spun toward me and turned down, tickling my arm and then my nose.
I giggled despite my wariness, and reached up to rub my nose where the plume had brushed it.
I noticed the map on my palms.
“What about spells?” He eyed my hands.
“Been working spells?” “Not on purpose.” He smiled.
“Yes, spells can be dangerous.” “Yes,” I agreed, “but why do you need words for spells and not magic?” “A spell can be left, set with a trigger, or larger than your magic.
They are complicated and wicked things.
And the ancient language is… tricky.
Definitely something you should stay away from.
Years of learning and practice and you can still wreck a spell pretty good.” I thought about that for a moment.
Steed jumped up.
He held out a hand to me.
“What do you say we water the horses?” I didn’t have to ask my horse to kneel; Steed just grabbed my waist and threw me up.
He was mounted before I had settled into the saddle and our horses took off, galloping north in synchronization.
I looked back for Chevelle.
He was leaning forward, legs nearly straight in the stirrups as his stallion raced to catch us.
We were covering distance so quickly I could barely take in the new surroundings.
It wasn’t long before we came up on a wide creek.
I assumed Steed had control of my horse; I was simply concentrating on staying in the saddle as we ran beside him.
The horses edged closer to the creek, splashing along the muddy bank and then the shallows of the water.
Silt and cold water sprayed my face as we ran.
I wondered if this was what it felt like to fly like the fairies.
We followed the creek until it turned west and we kept north, slowing to a walk.
I tried to catch my breath.
Steed was watching me, smiling appreciatively, and I realized I was wearing a huge grin.
And about three pounds of mud.
The slower pace gave me time to take everything in.
The ground had leveled off again, clearing to open meadows of low grass and a few scattered trees.
Large gray rocks dotted the landscape.
There was a haziness on the horizon but as we rode it began to clear, revealing a mammoth lake ahead.
It was a hundred times bigger than the tiny forest ponds I was used to, as smooth as glass.
Behind it the haze thinned just enough I could see the outline of mountains.
The image was like a punch in the chest.
Chevelle rode up beside us.
“The hills of Camber.” I looked at him, my watcher, and thought his features were peaceful for the first time.
Junnie had said he was from the North, and I wondered if this was his home.
Maybe that was why he’d truly brought me here, a much-needed vacation from the duties of council, the task of being a watcher.
They’d never know, as long as he got me back soon.
When we reached the lake, the horses stopped and in the quiet shadow of this dreamlike encounter, I forgot I was riding.
The mountains and lake were almost too much to take in; none of it seemed real.
This time, Chevelle was next to me before Steed had the chance.
As my horse knelt, he held out his hand and I stepped down beside him.
The three stallions followed Steed to a nearby tree where he fed them small green-skinned apples from its branches.
I glanced back to Chevelle.
He was watching me.
I wanted to ask if this was where he was from, but was afraid to set off any conversation that might end with me being hauled back to council that much quicker.
I looked again out over the lake to the mountains.
If I was incarcerated for a thousand years in the village, I would want this memory.
I breathed deep; the air was cool, moist, and smelled so unlike the harsh floral scents that saturated every part of the village.
I could sense the deep green moss covering the rocks at my feet, the fir trees that edged the east bank.
Even the soil smelled richer.
My eyes were closed as I took it in, and a soft touch brushed my cheek.
Chevelle.
I opened my eyes and realized he had swept debris from my face.
I wiped a hand across my forehead and dried mud crumbled away.
I looked down; it was caked on the fabric of my pants and splattered nearly everywhere.
Moving to the edge of the bank to walk in, clothes and all, I waded out until I was waist deep and then relaxed, falling back and gliding under the dark water before it lifted me to float at the surface.
The water covered my ears, lapping at my mouth and chin, and I stared upward, marveling at the size of the mountains as they seemed to dissolve into the blue haze of the sky.
I wondered if it would ever seem real.
Eventually, I made my way back, wrapping my arms around myself to control the shivers.
I was surprised and more than a little grateful to find a shelter had already been set up for me.
The idea of being drenched hadn’t mattered until the cool air cut across the lake.
Chevelle nodded toward the hut as he prepared a fire, and I found my pack on a bed of birch branches, along with a pile of dry clothes.
As I tugged off my soaked pants to exchange them for the new ones, I wondered if Chevelle had brought both sets or if they’d been packed by Junnie in that small, strange village.
I couldn’t fathom why I hadn’t considered he’d so easily be able to follow me when I’d run from there, how I’d been oblivious to the dangers of being caught.
The shirt was fitted to my shape but of a heavier fabric, and a pair of boots was at the bottom of the stack; it must be much colder in the mountains.
It reminded me of stepping out of the cold wet gown on the bank of the creek, finding the scroll, the map.
Chevelle’s words echoed in my mind.
I’m sorry, Freya.
I let you down at the creek.
I was distracted… should have been paying closer attention… should have prevented this… too late now.
The smell of cooked meat cut through my thoughts.
I ran a hand through my wet hair and walked out to the fire.
The scene wasn’t any less impressive this time, and I sat on one of the large, flat rocks facing the lake.
Chevelle brought me a plate of food, settling in beside me.
There were berries and roots, and a rich, savory meat that dripped onto my hands as I tore into it.
It was a feast compared to what I’d been eating.
And even though he was my watcher, my captor, I had to admit I felt less alone with Chevelle there.
Steed pulled his own ration from the spit and sat on my other side as we all watched the surface of the lake.
And beyond it, mountains.
The mountains at dawn were so much more intimidating and I was hesitant to leave our camp.
Everything had begun to seem real.
I tried to distract myself as we rode east around the lake, attempting to name the species of plants as Junnie might have made me, but there were so many I had never seen that it started to remind me of the difference rather than distract me from it.
So I bantered with Steed regarding horses and imps and everything I could come up with to keep him talking.
Chevelle rode quietly behind us, scanning our surroundings.
I wasn’t sure if he was enjoying the scenery or playing lookout.
We rode a few days into the base of the mountains.
We had stopped to camp when, over dinner, Steed announced he would be leaving us the next morning, heading east.
His easy humor had become a comfort to me during the long days, our quiet evenings a pattern I knew I would miss.
The disappointment must have shown on my face.
He reached a hand up and brushed my hair behind an ear.
“Don’t worry, sunshine, I will see you again.” I smiled a little and he winked at me.
Chevelle stiffened at my side as he often did when Steed touched me so casually, and I couldn’t help but think of being alone with him after tonight.
My stomach tightened and suddenly in comparison the mountains didn’t seem like such a big deal.
The next morning Steed said goodbye privately to Chevelle and then came to where I stood with the horses, stroking one’s neck.
“You’ll remember me, butterfly?” I smiled in return.
“Always.” “Yes, well, at least as long as he’s yours.” He patted the horse.
“Mine?” He smiled and swung onto his horse, nodding farewell as he spun and galloped east.
My horse knelt and Chevelle offered his hand to help me get seated.
My grin widened as he mounted his horse and he looked back at me questioningly.
“I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
Chapter Eight Mountains
We rode through the morning hours.
Chevelle seemed content not to talk, but I was wound up in anguish, trying to decide whether I was brave enough to ask him questions.
I had no idea how much he would put up with before he called it all off and hauled me back to the village for sentencing.
Our path became more defined, pushing us through trees and between rocks, trailing upward so minutely I didn’t even realize until I glanced back and saw the base of the mountains beneath us.
I appraised the narrow path ahead, snaking high through a vast rock-strewn mountain, and turning back didn’t seem so bad after all.
Fists clenched, I pushed out the question I’d been most concerned about asking.
I was so tied up, it twisted into an accusation.
“Watcher.” My skin flushed hot when the word came out harsh.
Regardless of how he’d treated me, Chevelle was still a member of Council.
He spun on me, but I could not place the expression on his face.
Panicked, I tried to recover.
“You’re my watcher.” It still sounded angry, so I added, “Why?” He hesitated.
“Frey…” His voice was gentle and he seemed to be searching for a way to answer.
He must have decided I had no right to anger, because his face turned hard, his tone formal.
“The council was concerned after you tried to choke Evelyn of Rothegarr.” I drew a sharp breath.
“What are you talking about?” It caught me off guard; I was more than offended.
Does he really think I choked Evelyn?
I bit down against my words, remembering the trouble I was already in with Council.
But that brought on an image of the speaker’s discolored face as he struggled for air, the blackened thistle in the back room at Junnie’s.
Evelyn’s expression as she ran from the garden was accusing, and it suddenly seemed right.
I swayed, my vision losing focus.
I didn’t even realize I was falling until Chevelle’s arms were around me; he was quick, catching me before the rocks did.
He was kneeling, cradling me in one arm as my back rested against his leg.
“I’m sorry, Freya.
I thought… how could you not know?” Humiliation flooded through me.
He was right, and not only had I wished her to choke, I had been too much a fool to see I had caused it, just as I had caused the speaker to choke.
I squeezed my eyes closed tight in misery, rolling away from him to curl onto a rock.
He let me, stepping away to unsaddle the horses and settle onto a seat of his own.
We were both still until nightfall, when he retrieved a blanket from the pack and laid it over me.
I didn’t thank him, fearing what would come out if I spoke.
The next morning was quiet as Chevelle saddled our horses.
I had plenty to think of besides the questions that had seemed so important the previous day.
I’d been convicted of practicing dark magic.
I had thought it was a mistake.
The images rolled through my mind as we continued up the mountain.
The lifeless body of a small gray bird.
A garden of weeds with roots as black as soot.
The faces of council as their speaker struggled to breathe.
A thistle growing in Evelyn’s throat, slowly choking off her airway.
Chevelle’s face when he had asked who had showed me to fuse the crystal with blood.
His expression as he’d looked down at me the night before.
How could you not know?
That image haunted me the most.
It seemed familiar somehow.
He’d let his guard down, and though strained with worry and fear, there was something else there, sadness or maybe just plain sympathy.
“This is a good place to stop for the night,” Chevelle said, breaking my trance.
I’d barely noticed the day pass.
A glance at the path behind us showed the lake far in the distance below.
It shook me from my stupor.
I climbed down from my horse to stretch my legs over the trunk of a fallen tree, facing the mountain top instead of the view below, some part of me unable to accept the distance and height we had traveled.
Chevelle led the horses to a thickset tree, its limbs stretching low and wide above the rocks.
His hand spun to form a trough from the bark and tinder scattered beneath, the horses drinking as he used the same method to gather grasses from the sparse patches on the incline.
Movement up the mountain caught my eye and I looked to Chevelle in alarm.
Though he appeared calm, he was staring in the same direction.
A dark cloaked figure advanced in the dusk, the full cape covering every part of its owner, drawn hood shielding their face.
Chevelle nodded in greeting as I scanned the area for others who might approach.
The stranger seemed alone, and reached Chevelle first, since he stood nearer to the horses than me.
The newcomer whispered to him, and Chevelle’s eyes flicked my direction more than once.
Curiosity burned through me.
And then a delicate hand reached out to pass Chevelle a package.
Her fingers lingered against his during the exchange and my chest felt like it was blistering inside.
They were whispering about me.
My watcher.
This woman.
Chevelle’s gaze brushed mine once more and I hungered to hear what they were saying.
I was fixated on it, my mind spinning, convinced that if I were as invisible as everyone thought, if they truly couldn’t see me, at least I could get closer and finally know.
As I shook my head at the idea, my eyes fell downward.
A small scream escaped.
My arms were covered in tree bark, blending seamlessly with the stump on which I sat.
I bolted upright, batting at them as if my shirt were on fire.
Chevelle and the cloaked woman ran toward me and I looked up in panic.
When my eyes fell again to my arms, they were normal.
Had I imagined it?
Was I losing my mind?
My head came up once more, and the woman gasped.
It was Junnie.
Her cloak had fallen, her golden curls a welcome sight.
Relief flooded me.
“Junnie!” “Freya,” she murmured, reaching out to stroke a strand of my black hair.
The shock of seeing her disappeared at the reminder.
“Are you here for council?
To collect me?” My voice was colored with the shame of being a criminal.
Bird-killer.
Elf-strangler.
Surprised, she glanced at Chevelle and then back to me, forcing a smile.
“Are you all right, Frey?” I stood there baffled, and then remembered screaming.
I cleared my throat.
“I was covered in bark.” Her eyebrows turned up as she looked again at Chevelle, who was mirroring her concerned expression.
“Maybe it’s time to allow her a few small lessons.” Magic?
It took longer than it should have to realize I’d unwittingly camouflaged myself.
This whole thing was going to take a while to get used to.
“Tomorrow,” Chevelle answered.
“Dinner?” Junnie grinned as she reached an arm back, her cloak moving aside as she drew a bow from beneath.
“I’ll get my own, thanks.” He nodded, a knowing smile stretched across his face.
They turned in opposite directions, each disappearing behind the trees and rocks that strewed the mountain, as I stood alone and confused.
I sat, shaking my head as I stared down at the bark of the tree.
Chevelle returned quickly with two small, furred animals slung over his back.
As his gaze reached the log that lay in front of me, it burst into an orange flame, thin branches forming a spit as he skinned and attached the animals.
The process was so smooth, I couldn’t say exactly what had happened.
Chevelle was changing.
Or, more likely, he was becoming more himself.
He wasn’t as formal.
He seemed relaxed, and apparently magic, quick and powerful, was intertwined into his every routine.
He didn’t need to do much by hand; I would have spent hours trying to build a spit and skin an animal.
An old question came back to me and I asked, “How do you hunt?” “Hmm?” “You don’t have a bow,” I explained.
“What do you use to hunt?” He hesitated, as if deciding what to tell me.
“I use magic, Frey.” He looked like he was waiting for me to be upset.
“Oh.” I contemplated his answer.
“I thought maybe you had a knife.” He smirked.
“Yes, well, that would have been easy enough.” “And Junnie prefers to hunt… for sport?” He had that look again and I wondered why he would be so cautious.
Because I was dangerous?
A practitioner of dark magic?
“No.
Some prefer the meat not to be tainted by magic.
They feel it is more… pure.” He pronounced ‘tainted’ with an edge.
“Is it?
Tainted I, mean?” “I have lived on it for—” His words caught midsentence and he said, “Well, it doesn’t seem to be, but to each his own.” He turned back to the fire.
Junnie came back into view, a large animal slung over her shoulders, bow in hand.
She dropped her burden on a smooth gray rock near the fire and whispered a short thanks before removing the arrow to skin the animal.
My gaze moved between the sizeable carcass and her lithe form.
“I’ll be traveling fast and far and don’t intend to stop and hunt.
I will pack the extra with me.” I managed a sheepish smile.
It seemed like I needed things explained a lot lately.
“Where will you go?” “Back to the village.” “To council?” I breathed.
“They sent you to find me?” Her bright blue eyes flicked to Chevelle and back.
“No, Freya.
They will not know I saw you.” “They are looking for me?” Terror crept into my voice.
I was Chevelle’s captive, but he’d given me some sort of reprieve.
The thought of council brought the danger of my situation to the forefront.
“No.
They will not risk it.” “They are afraid,” Chevelle said from his spot by the fire.
Junnie shot him a warning glance.
“Afraid?” I asked, doubtful.
“Afraid of what?” “The mountains.” Junnie’s answer was curt as she returned to her work on the gazelle.
They were quiet the rest of the evening, but as I dozed by the fire, their conversation restarted in hushed voices.
I tried to listen, but exhaustion won out and their words began to meld into dreams.
I could hear them as I was drifting, floating in a great shadowed lake.
My white gown spread around me in the water, now-dark hair swaying with the ripples on the surface.
I rose above, peering down at myself, and the image turned into my mother, the dark water going black, the ripples transforming to wind.
I recognized the scene as her pendant began to glow, the wind howling, screams piercing my ears.
It was the same dream, but different now.
I glanced around to find a village I didn’t know.
Someone was coming toward me, an expression of fear and sadness on his handsome face.
His familiar face.
He reached out to me and I stepped toward him, tears streaming down my cheeks.
He wrapped his arms around me as I turned again to see my mother.
A howl of rage escaped her and I started to go to her, but he held me.
He was restraining me.
I thrashed against him as I tried to scream, to tell him to let me go, but I had no voice.
She reached her hand out and I could not move, could not help her, though I knew she was dying.
I was imprisoned there, unable to move… unable to scream… unable to save her.
And then I couldn’t see her.
Something was covering my eyes.
I struggled yet again but my body felt like lead—heavy, useless.
Darkness enveloped me and I was underwater, struggling to reach the surface, desperate for air.
“Frey.” A husky voice woke me.
It must have been early dawn.
The faint light revealed worry on Chevelle’s face as he stood over me.
A look of fear and sympathy.
The memory smashed into my chest like a thousand-pound ram, stealing my breath.
“You,” I hissed.
He backed away as I sat up and glared at him with fire in my eyes.
“You.
You held me back as my mother died.
You held me and made me watch her die.” I could almost taste the acid in my voice.
He was still backing away, holding his hands in front of him palms out.
A wordless hiss escaped my throat as I felt the fire coursing through me light in my hands.
He would burn for this.
Burn.
I was standing now, walking step for step toward him as he backed away.
He said nothing, his face calm as the fire flared and I raised my hands to strike.
And then everything went black.
That was when I heard the chanting.
My ears had been roaring with anger, but all that was left was a soft recitation.
“Gian Zet Foria.
Gian Zet Foria.
Gian Zet Foria.” Junnie.
Junnie was chanting something.
I was engulfed with an empty, lethargic feeling.
My eyes batted open and I was lying on the ground, looking up at Junnie and Chevelle.
Junnie’s words ran together as Chevelle mumbled.
“Gian Zet Foria Gian Zet Foria Gian Zet Foria.” It seemed so familiar.
Like Georgiana, Suzetta, Glaforia.
They stopped simultaneously.
“Frey.” Junnie was talking slowly.
“Stay calm and lie still.” I tried to convey my incredulity as I lay there, unable to move.
“Explain to me what happened.” All the anger and excitement turned numb.
What came out sounded no more than a statement of fact.
“Chevelle held me back and made me watch my mother die.” Junnie didn’t have the outraged look I expected.
I sifted through the dream—the memory—searching for a way to explain so she would be stunned and infuriated.
They stared at me, and I was suddenly sure they were the reason I was lying on the ground incapacitated.
They had control over me.
My thoughts shifted, running through it again, going backwards from where I was.
Their faces, the chanting from behind me, Chevelle backing away, the dream.
The water.
I remembered being trapped underwater just before waking, but I hadn’t been drowning.
It wasn’t a dream.
I was horrified as more of the memory returned.
The cloaks who had surrounded my mother, killed her, had been circling me.
I knew they’d intended to destroy me, too, though I couldn’t see why.
Chevelle had held me, pulled me into the water.
He had tried to keep them from finding me as they attacked, tried to keep me from calling out to her.
The look of fear, the look of sympathy.
He’d held me back to save me.
Tears streamed down my face and my body began to release from the dead weight.
Chevelle had saved me from my mother’s fate.
How long had he been my watcher?
In the memory, he’d fought to keep me from seeing, tried to cover my eyes.
And later, he’d pulled me from the water, dragged me away as we fled.
I shook with sobs and a pair of arms wrapped around me, supporting me as my limbs became heavy, my body and mind spent from the stress or whatever trauma the spell had caused.
I couldn’t say which, because I was pulled from consciousness into a black, dreamless sleep.
Chevelle was still holding me when I woke in the late morning.
I wondered if he’d slept at all.
Cradled in his arms, I reached up to rub my bleary eyes.
As I glanced up at him, it struck me how close we were.
My hand dropped from my face to fall against his chest.
That didn’t help.
Heat rose in my neck; I could feel the corded muscle beneath his shirt.
I had to look away.
He must have thought I was searching for Junnie.
“She left just after dawn, when she knew you were safe.” “Oh,” I breathed.
Perfect.
We were alone in the middle of nowhere and I was sitting in his lap.
My flush deepened and I hastily stood to straighten my clothes.
He watched me fidget.
“Um, so I guess we should get going?” I stammered.
“No.” My breath caught and I forced myself to look at him, still edgy from the closeness the moment before.
I convinced myself I was imagining the way he studied me as he sat against the downed tree.
He had no idea what I was thinking.
It was the furthest thing from his mind.
“No?” I asked, unable to mask the tremor in my voice.
“Magic first.” That wasn’t exactly a relief.
It was obvious he saw my anxiety, but I couldn’t be sure he wasn’t enjoying it.
He just remained sitting there.
“What should I do?” A sly grin crossed his face and he rolled his hand out in front of him.
“You are only limited by your imagination, Freya.” Great, so if I screwed up it was just a problem with my mind.
I considered that, recalling what Steed had said about feeling it, thinking about what you wanted to happen.
But what did I want to happen?
I had to catch that line of thought before it spiraled out of control; I concentrated on finding something small.
A tiny pebble lay on the ground at my feet.
I focused on it hard, willing it to rise.
When nothing happened I looked for Chevelle’s reaction.
He watched me, his serene mask back in place.
“Do you need motivation?” I was afraid of the kind of motivation he’d provide, remembering the fireballs flying at me in the meadow.
“No.” My answer was too quick, and he laughed.
I knelt closer to the gray rock.
I thought it moved a little, as if trembling in fright, and the notion had me shaking my head.
Chevelle stood.
“You’re trying too hard, Freya.
Let us play a game.” He held out his hand and a stone flew up from the ground to land in the center of his open palm.
He closed his fist around it and when he opened it a moment later, the stone was floating a half inch above his palm, slick black and shaped to form a tiny hawk sculpture.
“It’s beautiful,” I said, moving to touch it.
He held up his other hand up to stop me.
“Take it.” I wanted to hold the trinket; I reached forward and concentrated on moving it from his palm to mine.
It floated shakily across the space between us, which seemed so odd at first I thought Chevelle must have moved it.
I squeezed my fingers around it, as if to verify it was real, but when I opened my hand again it was only the dull gray rock.
Disappointment filled my face as I looked back at him.
He tilted his head toward the stone; I would have to make this sculpture myself.
I closed my fist around it, mostly because I had seen him do the same, and instantly I knew what I wanted to see.
I opened my palm up, grinning triumphantly, and exposed my creation for Chevelle to see.
Balancing there was a slightly misshapen but undeniable sculpture of a small black horse.
Chevelle rolled his eyes.
Still smiling, I looked back to the stone, but it had returned to its uninteresting round shape.
Chevelle answered my unspoken question.
“Yes, it’s… tricky.” He smiled a little at using Steed’s word.
“You can’t change something’s makeup, but you can change the way it appears.
You can move it, but only if you’re near.
You can stop someone’s heart, but you can’t make them feel happy about it.” He hesitated after that last part, contemplating, and then continued, “You can manipulate the elements, move water, draw it from the ground, but you cannot easily make it appear from nothing… though one can usually collect moisture from the air.
Fire is easier.
It spreads so fast.
You can pull a small spark from anywhere to create a flame, fueled by the air and…” He trailed off as I leaned closer to him, listening intently.
Chevelle looked into my eyes, words forgotten.
I didn’t know what he had seen there, but he blinked, shaking his head.
“Let’s keep working.” He stepped a few paces away as he spoke.
“You’ll need to think clearly and stay calm.
The best fighters are the best thinkers.” “Fighters?” I asked, confused.
He shook his head again, as if clearing it.
There was a long pause as I waited for his answer.
“I’d like you to practice just for protection.” “I have fire.” He picked up a fallen branch, long and jagged, and snapped the smaller twigs from its side.
“Yes, but you should learn to think more openly.
It is an important resource and should be familiar to you.
You should have years of experience by now.” “Why don’t I?” He stopped.
I could tell by his expression he hadn’t meant to say so.
“Why can’t I use magic?” I clarified.
“Why couldn’t I use it before?” There was another long pause and then he spoke carefully.
“You were bound.” Bound?
The word was so foreign in that context.
All I could think of was the young children in the village, binding themselves to play the games of fairy children, who were unmagical until coming of age.
I recalled seeing it in the documents in the briar patch—Francine Glaforia, bound against using all but practical magic.
Bound.
They must have known not to trust me.
They must have known.
My knees gave out and I crumpled to the ground.
How many times could the earth be pulled from beneath my feet?
Chevelle took a step toward me and I held up a hand to stop him.
Bound against using magic.
Assigned a watcher.
My anger toward him returned, swift and unforgiving.
He had been a volunteer.
“Let’s just go,” I said coldly, looking up the mountain.
We rode wordlessly on as I chewed over this new knowledge.
As my watcher, Chevelle would have been involved in the binding by Council.
Maybe Fannie should have been punished for whatever she had done, but how could they assume I would follow in her footsteps?
So I’d killed a bird, stolen a few papers from the council library.
My argument faltered, so I went back to anger, betrayal that he had lied to me.
And not just him.
The entire village must have known I was bound, known I couldn’t perform magic, as they sat and watched me try.
Sending me to Junnie for lessons, allowing Evelyn to taunt me without recourse, giving me the blame for everything that happened.
Because they expected me to turn.
The horses slowed to a stop, irritating me further.
I didn’t even have control over that.
Chevelle stepped down and started a fire.
When he walked away, I recalled what he had said earlier in the day, that you could stop someone’s heart.
It hadn’t occurred to me that might be how he killed his prey.
He made his way back over the scrubby brush, two small rabbits in hand.
He dropped them and a branch covered in fat, blood-red berries by the fire, and I posted myself on the edge of an uneven rock to watch.
He didn’t speak, but I couldn’t tell if he intended to give me my space or was just indifferent.
I had, after all, apparently been guilty of the charges.
I was a criminal.
I silently wished Steed was here to build me a shelter so I could crawl in and hide until morning.
I wasn’t about to try to build one on my own and risk embarrassing myself in front of Chevelle.
A gust of wind pushed the flames beneath the spit, causing them to writhe and jump.
They formed shapes that pulled at my memories.
I tried to follow them, but couldn’t seem to get my thoughts to cooperate.
I could remember my dreams, the wind and fire surrounding my mother.
But the memories that came back when I woke from those vivid nightmares were dull.
The harder I clutched at them, the more they drew away.
When recognition dawned, I leapt from the rock, cursing Chevelle.
He turned to me as I yelled, “Give it back!” He didn’t appear to know what I was talking about, but I was so angry I was having trouble forming the demand.
“Give my memories, my mind back!” His confusion cleared, but Chevelle didn’t offer a response.
The fire in me itched to burn him.
I seethed.
“Unbind my thoughts.” “Freya.” His voice was smooth.
“You don’t understand.” I fumed, “Well, I’m sure that has nothing to do with you rummaging around in there.” He shook his head and his complete lack of agitation caused me to take pause.
I supposed it was possible he actually couldn’t free my thoughts.
If the council had bound me, likely all of them would need to reverse it.
And they wouldn’t do that.
Because they had convicted me.
I might have asked how the process would work, but I was too furious to pursue conversation with any kind of composure.
And it didn’t matter, because they’d already counted me guilty.
I was staying bound.
I let out a frustrated growl, clenching my jaw shut.
He was one of them.
I had to remember that.
I might have run back to the village right then, but they would never release me.
I had nothing.
I glanced down the mountainside.
I couldn’t have found my way back if I’d wanted to.
I had no idea where I was.
I stared at my palms, some spell-bought map carved into my skin, and was hit full force with the knowledge that I didn’t even know where I was going.
I was about as low on options as I could get.
If not for Chevelle’s desire to skip out on Council business for a few days, or whatever we were doing here, I’d already be imprisoned.
I could hope that with the dreams, with the mountains, with wherever my family’s map was taking me, I could remember more, could break some part free.
It was all I would have in my captivity.
It was the mountains or nothing.
I could see no other way.
It was days before I spoke to Chevelle again, though he didn’t seem to mind the lack of conversation.
He simply rode as he always did, with intermittent glances in each direction, as if I weren’t even there.
In truth, he hadn’t appeared to notice my behavior at all.
When I finally broke the silence, we were navigating a narrow pass.
“How long will we be riding?” I wasn’t specific in my question, not wanting to reveal I had no idea where we were headed.
If he’d been under the false impression he’d had to take me, I wasn’t about to mess that up only to be dragged back to the village.
Especially after everything that had happened.
My horse quickened his pace to ride alongside his and I made a mental note to learn how to control the horse on my own.
The constricted path forced us close together, our stirrups and legs brushing as we rode.
Chevelle nodded at my hand and I held it out, palm up.
Chevelle indicated a spot on one of the mountains.
“We are here.” I tried not to let my disappointment show.
The information would’ve only helped if I’d known where I started on the map or its endpoint.
But at least I knew we were closer.
When we came through the pass our path widened, but the horses didn’t separate as I had expected them to.
I decided I’d had enough of that.
“How do I control Steed?” I could see the humor in his eyes at my phrasing, but he kept a straight face.
“Think of where you want him to go and lead his head so.” I concentrated on turning left and we were instantly spinning, the unexpected twirl throwing me half from my saddle.
Chevelle caught my arm and righted me on my now-still horse.
“Maybe not so severe next time.” My face heated, but I focused on the horse’s head again, turning him back to our course as I gave a small nudge with my heels.
I was cautious after that but it became easier to control his movement as we rode.
I practiced guiding him, eventually even maneuvering him back and forth between the misshapen rocks and spiky brush on our way.
I was still afraid to have him kneel when we stopped for the evening, though, imagining him rolling on top of me if I tried.
I slid down and stretched my legs, glad for a rest after the hours of tensing every time the horse changed direction.
The air was brisk.
I ran my hands over my arms to warm them.
I started as black swirled around me.
Chevelle had thrown a cloak over my shoulders.
He moved in front of me to hook the clasp, his dark eyes piercing as he stood so close.
My heart stuttered when he leaned in, our faces unbearably near.
Just before he touched me, his cheek slid alongside mine, his mouth at my ear.
I froze as he spoke low, his breath on my neck sending a shiver through me.
“Stay.
Still.” He was gone.
He moved so fast it took a moment to understand.
The hood of the cloak was drawn over my head, Chevelle standing a good distance away, facing the trees.
I was watching him as two men drew near.
I hadn’t seen them; they must have been concealed, or camouflaged by magic as I had been days before.
The tassels decorating their long robes identified them as members of council, but I wasn’t familiar with the two.
They mustn’t have been from the village.
As they approached Chevelle cautiously, I examined their insignia.
Even if they weren’t from the village, I still needed council members to unbind me, and I had a sudden urge to go to them.
But I remembered my warning to be still.
“She’s not going back.” Chevelle’s tone, level and uncompromising, caught my attention.
I pushed the hood back to better hear and the taller figure glared at me as he hissed, “You’re protecting her when you know what she’s capable of?” I flinched at his words, but something else had caught my eye.
The robes were ornate, the tassels interwoven with color.
He was Grand Council.
I studied the other newcomer, who acted as if I wasn’t present.
He was incredulous, staring at Chevelle when he spoke.
“Her mother slaughtered your clan, your family.
Why release this terror—” The man’s words were cut short, his face contorted in pain.
Chevelle had gone rigid, every muscle tense.
The councilman struggled, suffering from some unseen force.
Blood poured from his nose and I gasped.
Chevelle’s head jerked toward me and I couldn’t catch my breath—his eyes were as black as onyx.
When his focus returned to the men, they eased away, the first supporting other by an arm as both bowed slightly, stepping and stumbling in their retreat.
Chevelle watched them until they spun to disappear, and then he turned to me.
One look at his face and I knew the cause of the devastation.
I still couldn’t remember, but I knew what I had heard was truth.
My mother had killed his family, his entire clan.
He’d been there in the village in my dreams, in my memories.
He had saved me.
His family was there as well.
The people running and screaming and dying were his clan.
I knew the cloaks in that vision now, too.
They were Grand Council.
The council was circling my mother to stop her.
She was killing the northern clans.
I didn’t know why.
And I didn’t know how I knew, but I was certain I didn’t want my memories back.
What I had was already too much.
I couldn’t fathom the pain Chevelle had suffered, surely a hundred times mine at the loss of my mother.
His mother… his father… each member of his family?
How much loss had he endured?
Tears streamed down my face.
Chevelle took a step toward me and I was struck by fear.
He must despise me.
That was why he’d become my watcher.
He gave a curt nod at my reaction, his head still dipped as he walked away.
I wanted to speak but the words choked me.
I wrapped myself tighter into the cloak as Chevelle constructed a hasty shelter.
I was his responsibility, but surely he loathed me.
How could he not?
I thought back to the scenarios I had envisioned after the memories of my mother being killed came back to me… what I would do to those men if I were to ever find them.
Now I remembered the truth.
They were saving the North.
I couldn’t say I didn’t still want revenge though.
What he must feel toward me for taking so much from him.
My mind was reclassifying every look he’d ever given me, everything that had happened since I’d met him.
Why he hadn’t looked at me as I’d lain under the tree in the meadow, explaining why Fannie had struck me.
Why I’d wanted to learn transfer magic… to get my mother’s things.
The look he’d given the pendant on my neck… my mother’s pendant.
Of course he’d volunteered to be my watcher.
I had taken everything from him.
My thoughts began to muddle as my mother and my dreams and my own life twisted together.
I still couldn’t retrieve my memories; I only had the last years, which seemed a haze now.
The only parts clear to me were the days since Chevelle walked through Junnie’s door.
I thought of how I had cursed him when I’d found he was my watcher.
The hate in my voice when I’d demanded my memories back.
The memories of his family’s murder.
My mind writhed with anguish through the night.
As I emerged from the shelter late the next morning, I was resigned.
I would continue my journey with him and let him return me to the council without resistance.
It was all I could do.
I found him sitting near the shelter’s entrance, distress apparent in his features.
“Thank you,” I said, indicating the shelter.
He nodded, but his face didn’t quite return to the serene mask he usually wore.
My stomach knotted; I hadn’t eaten since our ride the day before.
“I’ll get you some food,” he said.
A fire lit beside us as if of its own accord.
He strode off in search of food, and I sat close, tucking my cheeks into the material of the cloak for warmth.
A moment later, he was back, our breakfast roasting over the flames.
We ate in silence and mounted the horses as we had each day before, but it was obvious nothing was the same.
How could it ever be?
I was racked with guilt as we made our way up the mountain.
I purposefully rode behind him, glad at least to be able to control the horse on my own.
Small patches of snow had started to dot the landscape, the vegetation a darker, sharper green.
Occasionally the sun would break through the mist, making me squint, and I would appreciate the calmer, hazier atmosphere.
Gloom, as they called it at home, in the usually sunny village where I would spend my eternity.
I wondered where I would be kept as a captive, if there would be windows, if I was unfit for public view.
Chevelle picked up speed after we passed through the more difficult part of the trail and then we rode fast the rest of the day.
I struggled to keep up.
I was sure I knew the cause of his hurry.
He’d decided he wanted to get this journey over with, end it and return me to the council for punishment, to be done with me.
We rode long into the evening, well past sunset, and I began to wonder if he would stop at all.
I was contemplating possible ways to sleep on a horse when he finally stopped.
We were riding through a small pass, the moonlight barely lighting our way, and Chevelle’s horse disappeared.
My head swiveled, searching for any sign of them, and then my own horse turned beneath an overhang and stopped in a cavern so dark I hadn’t seen it until we were there.
Chevelle tossed out a small flame, giving us enough light to dismount.
The horses walked to one end of the cavern, their hoofbeats echoing softly, as we remained in the other.
“Frey.” Chevelle turned to me as he spoke.
“Yesterday… the council trackers…” Trackers?
I tried to focus on what he was saying and not let my mind run wild with the new information.
“They will send someone for what I have done.” I thought of the councilman’s face, distorted in pain.
“We should continue your training.” “Training?” Even I could hear the dread in my question.
“Practice.
You should be able to protect yourself.” I remembered his words from before the revelation that ended my magic lessons.
Fighters.
A chill ran down my spine as I nodded my assent.
I’d skinned out of a few run-ins with council and it was no secret how they operated.
I might be safe enough with Chevelle, but if the others retrieved me… “We will work again at first light and possibly as we ride.” Part of me wanted to argue, As we ride?
But I knew how serious it was.
I was a fugitive.
And now it appeared even Grand Council was looking for me.
I had no idea what my punishment would be.
This wasn’t the village.
This would be far worse than anything High Council would have planned.
“What will they do if I can’t protect myself?” His face was grim.
He didn’t reply and I suddenly didn’t want him to.
We settled onto the floor of the small den, our backs against the wall, the rock overhang blocking the light of the moon.
“That is my flame,” Chevelle said, “try to extinguish it.” And my training began.
Chapter Nine Ruby
Early the next morning, even before first light, Chevelle woke me for training.
Gone were the games we had played.
These lessons were intense and stressful.
I’d been unable to generate magic on demand so he’d started lunging at me with weapons, sticks, fire, forcing me to respond to protect myself.
After each attack, he would come right back at me and if I tried to repeat a tactic for defense, he would overpower my magic and push me to find a new maneuver.
I was beat, winded, drained.
“Mount up,” he announced.
When I started to climb on my horse, the horse shot off like an arrow, almost knocking me to the ground.
I glared at Chevelle’s back, but he was already galloping away.
I reached out with magic, drawing Steed’s head around to press him back to me, climbed up, and clicked my heels hard to catch Chevelle.
He was riding too fast again and I was not looking forward to the day, sure it would be worse than the already miserable morning.
I rode up beside him, planning a snide remark about the trick, but was distracted by a black stone in his hand.
It was odd-shaped and just smaller than my balled fist.
Onyx, I thought, though I’d never seen the stone that big.
His gaze was intent.
“Be prepared at all times.
This will come at you from every direction.
It is the only way you can learn to respond quickly.
You need to get past that block, to use your defense as instinct.” I really didn’t want to play anymore.
But before I could protest, a black rock hurtled toward me.
My hand jerked up automatically to swat it away but my arm hit an invisible wall.
The rock slammed into my face.
I was fairly certain my nose was bleeding from the impact.
I tried to slow my horse but no longer had control of him.
“Again,” Chevelle warned.
The rock was coming for me a second time.
I tried to duck out of the way but the wall was there once more, blocking me from moving.
I cursed as the stone glanced off my cheek.
“This isn’t fair,” I complained.
It seemed he was holding me in place just to strike me.
“It’s the only way, Freya.
This is for your protection.” “I highly doubt they will pummel my face with rocks,” I spat out.
“No,” he said, “they will bind you and burn you alive.” I felt sick.
A vision of the Grand Council cloaks circling me was convincing enough, but he continued.
“You will not know their thoughts; you must be ready for any attack.” I nodded, even though part of me was certain there was a less painful way.
The rock came at me again.
I couldn’t respond quick enough, couldn’t counter and hold on to a galloping horse in the instant it took him to decide.
It wasn’t dangerous, but it was like being slapped, and the irritation had me itching to burn something.
The volley continued and whenever my anger showed, the rock came harder, faster, so I tried to control the emotion or at least hide it.
That was the hardest part.
Eventually, I found the best defense was to block the attacks by deflecting them with other objects.
His magic was too powerful to counter directly and he’d prevented me from ducking away.
When I was blocking about half the strikes successfully, he pocketed the stone and progressed with sticks, water, fire, anything he found on the trail.
We were still riding too fast and I was exhausted from the mental and physical exertion when he switched to full-body attacks.
By nightfall I wasn’t able to fend off anything that came at me and he mercifully stopped the horses beneath another hollow in the mountain.
I was asleep practically before I slid off my horse.
The next morning I woke to the sound of rock against rock.
There was no sign of Chevelle or his horse in the dim stone hollow.
I sat up, rubbing my sore legs, unable to believe he’d left me.
And then the rock wall struck me in the face.
I cursed, my voice hoarse from sleep.
The wall came at me again.
“Okay, okay,” I shouted.
“Let me up.” Chevelle’s camouflage dissipated and he stared down at me, disappointed.
I smirked.
“Where’s your horse?” He smiled as the beast nipped at the back of my head, yanking my hair.
Grumbling, I swatted the horse away and ran my hand over my face, sure it was mottled with bruises and scratch marks.
“Drink this.” Chevelle offered me a hide flagon and I took it, swallowing a mouthful before the taste hit me.
“Gah, that tastes like cat pee smells.” Chevelle chuckled.
“It will help with the healing.” Why bother?
I wondered.
It would be another day of bombardment with mountain fixtures… maybe whole trees this time.
My face pinched with annoyance and Chevelle threw me a piece of dried meat, barely holding back a smile as he jumped on his horse.
“You’d better get started,” he said, “it’s going to be a long walk.” As he kicked his heels, I spun toward the corner where my horse had been.
He was galloping up the mountain now, just over a hundred yards away.
I tried to think quickly, to keep the anger from slowing my response.
Using magic to pull Chevelle’s horse by the tail, I ran after him, hoping to leap on.
A tree branch came from nowhere and smacked me flat across the face.
Chevelle’s horse whinnied as they rode away.
“Why always the face?” I yelled at his back.
I winced as a second branch, this one young and green and more like a lash, struck me from behind.
A fierce growl escaped me and I took off, running at full speed in the direction my horse had gone.
By midday, I was completely spent.
I had eventually caught my horse, but the training hadn’t let up.
I was too exhausted for any anger to remain, but I had the sneaking suspicion Chevelle was enjoying my “lessons.” We stopped by a patch of snow that had gathered in a rock basin, warming it to water for the horses.
Chevelle jumped down from his horse as I melted off the side of mine and onto a rock, my limbs like molasses.
He came to sit across from me and I flinched, expecting another attack.
He smiled.
“Well, at least you’re anticipating assault.” I didn’t have the energy for casual banter, but I did manage to glare at him.
He pointed northeast.
“The village is a few hours’ ride from here.” He retrieved a fresh set of clothes from his pack and handed it across to me.
“Go ahead and get cleaned up.
I’ll be back in a few moments.” I tried to pull myself together as he strode away, but I felt so drained.
I stood, easing my clothes off, soiled and tattered from the days of batterings.
The damage on my bare skin was minimal.
I had imagined much worse as I’d failed to block so many of the strikes.
I satisfied my ego by giving the cat pee-smelling elixir more credit than was probably due, but some part of me knew the training had not been hard because it was physical.
It had been the use of magic.
I put the new shirt on, made of soft black leather and corseted tight around my waist.
Slim, dark wool pants and tall boots went on next and I wondered at the village we’d be entering where black was appropriate.
I could think of no one at home who had worn black; I envisioned the dainty blond elves dancing around in dark leather and giggled.
I glanced up to find Chevelle, wearing an unfathomable expression.
I hurried to finish lacing the boots, throwing the cloak around my shoulders as he left more rations and went to ready the horses.
I stretched out on the ground to eat, examining the carved medallion clasped to my boot.
Chevelle stepped away again, disappearing behind the rocks that had become more jagged and taller along our way.
When he returned, the sight of him stole my breath.
His worn traveling clothes were gone, exchanged for dark gray and black, a leather vest covering his shirt, the laces loose at his chest.
A long, dark cloak was clasped at his shoulders, the material thick and coarse, so unlike the soft robes the rest of council wore.
I knew I was gaping at him, but there was something so strange about it.
He caught my eye and I let my gaze fall to his sword belt, struggling to gather my composure.
I had to remind myself that he despised me.
By late afternoon, our path opened to look down on the village nestled in the rocks of a narrow valley ahead.
Chevelle stopped on a ridge to allow us a better view.
I didn’t think I would have called it a village—I couldn’t count the structures from our vantage point but it must have been ten times the size of home.
The buildings were the dull stone of the mountain.
None were trees.
There was really no vegetation at all, no greens, no browns.
The entire layout was dark, ashen stones and aged wood that seemed to melt right in to the blue-gray of the mountain.
The cloudy mist filtered the sun.
I decided it was beautiful.
“Where are we?” I asked.
Chevelle nodded toward my hands as he started down the path.
The map on my palms was gone.
My skin was unmarked, no indication whatsoever it had even been burned.
Is this our destination?
My gaze shot up to find the village, and then I hastily clicked my heels when I realized I was being left behind.
As we advanced, I could see movement amongst the elves.
There was much activity, but it was nothing like home.
No flags of quilts and rugs blowing in the breeze, no bright sunlight on a rainbow of colors, no dancing in the village center.
A raucous sound traveled up to us and Chevelle waved a hand, his magic bringing the hood of my cloak up to cover my head and then his own.
At once, my stomach was a knot again.
We rode into town at a walk; Chevelle was sitting straight and tall in his saddle but his arm hung casually, hand resting on his leg.
I was more comfortable watching him, looking for a reaction, than the passing elves.
Two men walked by in the opposite direction, their dark eyes on us.
My cape blew back, exposing the shape of my leg, and they hissed indecent comments.
I gasped, shocked, and my horse picked up its pace to ride beside Chevelle.
Chevelle held up two fingers slightly to silence me.
We hadn’t ridden more than a quarter of the way into town when he turned the horses to a medium-sized structure, stopping before a water trough.
He dismounted effortlessly and pulled me from my horse and into the building in a few quick steps, closing the door behind us.
It was dark inside, his fingers lingering on my arm.
I felt him shift, waving a hand as several lanterns around the main room lit, giving off a soft glow.
He indicated a door on the rear wall.
“Your room.” I drew back my hood, nodding.
“I have some business to take care of before we move on.” Move on?
So this wasn’t our destination.
Or did he mean back to the village?
He continued, apparently not noticing my perplexed expression as my mind ran through a list of possible scenarios.
“The pouch from the vault.
There was a stone in it.” It was clear he was asking for the ruby, but I wasn’t sure why.
I didn’t think I had much choice in the matter, given that I was a criminal, but could come up with no real reason to fight it.
Standing in the center of this strange room, in the middle of a mountain, had me thinking through fog.
I was going to be returned to the village for punishment—or worse, now that I was being tracked by Grand Council.
I was completely ignorant of where I was.
I had apparently lost part of my memories and magic because I had been bound, was still bound.
I realized Chevelle was watching me, waiting for the stone.
Shaking free of the thoughts, I removed the pouch from my pack to untie the lacing.
I reached inside, wondering momentarily what else might be written in the ancient language on the scroll.
I handed the dark red stone to Chevelle, who only nodded as he took it from me, not examining it before he slipped it into a pocket to hide it away.
There was a sound at the door and his fingers slid over my lower back, urging me into my room.
I was closed in just as the main door opened, giving me no more than a glimpse of deep red curls.
I tried not to be annoyed about being closed in a room.
I was a prisoner after all.
Chevelle’s voice was barely audible as he spoke to his visitor in a formal tone.
“Ruby.” Ruby?
Before I could stop myself, I was at the door peering through the frame.
A tiny crack of light allowed me about three-quarters of Chevelle’s back and all of his guest.
Ruby.
She looked to be a little shorter than me, a little smaller, but seemed larger somehow.
I thought I knew why.
Around her petite face, by some means both wicked and charming, was a mane of deep crimson hair flowing in curls.
I considered her name, given that mass of hair, but any sympathy disappeared as she reached out a hand toward Chevelle.
There was something sinful about it, the way her hand turned seductively in the simple task of retrieving the stone from him.
My stone.
Anger swelled in me.
I wasn’t sure if I had given it to Chevelle because I’d trusted him, or because he was my captor, but I couldn’t shake the feeling of betrayal.
I couldn’t fathom why he would be giving my family heirloom to this woman.
The ruby had been in the vault with my mother’s possessions, along with the map that had brought us here, and now he was giving this Ruby my ruby.
I shook my head; there must be a connection, some reason it would end here.
Ruby drew a package from her cape and handed it to Chevelle, smiling a temptress’s smile.
It was about two hands in size, wrapped in light brown cloth.
He slid it under his cloak and it disappeared from my view.
I couldn’t imagine what she had given him, but it must have been in trade for my stone.
As I peered through the gap in the doorframe, the stranger’s eyes flicked to mine and I was sure she somehow saw me.
I held my breath and jerked away from view, plastering myself against the wall.
When she didn’t speak up to expose me, my pulse began to slow.
But I wasn’t brave enough to look again.
I stared into the room, the space relatively large and ornate compared to my bedroom at home.
There was a stone-framed bed wide enough for two, dark olive blankets in layers on top.
A side table held a few trinkets and a decanter set, and there was a hickorywood wardrobe in the corner.
A full mirror lined the east wall.
I took a few steps forward, staring in disbelief as my figure came into view.
I had seen the reflection in the water, had known my hair was dark, my eyes a strange shade of green.
But as I gazed at the woman in my reflection, I could not reconcile the two.
The dark silhouette, her figure emphasized by fitted clothes, black cape draped behind her—this woman was breathtaking.
I moved closer to examine her, nearly reaching out to touch the windblown sable hair.
Her eyes—my eyes—were dark.
That muddy fog was gone now and under my black lashes waited deep emerald jewels, flecked with the darkest of browns.
Chevelle had been right, this did suit me.
The image in the mirror was stunning.
It felt odd to marvel over my own reflection, but I couldn’t pretend I didn’t like it.
The changes were still unnerving though, and I tried to remember what I looked like in my oldest memories, to see before, to see my mother’s face.
The door opened behind me.
“Ah, yes,” Ruby purred as she looked me over.
“Lovely.” Her inflection left no doubt the word was not a compliment, only that she found it lovely she’d discovered me here.
I could see Chevelle through the open door behind her, still in the main room and evidently annoyed.
“I, of course, am Ruby,” she said.
“I’m pleased you’ll be staying with me during your visit.” Staying with her?
This was her house?
I was sure I was wearing the same irritated look as Chevelle now.
I was also certain, by the way she watched me, that Ruby had seen me spying.
Her mouth was twisted in a smile, loaded with false honey.
I noticed her eyes then, looking past the heavy paint they wore, to dark green jewels… emeralds.
They were so like those I had just examined in the mirror that I had to look away.
“Frey,” I replied softly.
“Thank you for the room.” She seemed disappointed I had no further comment.
She flitted her hand in dismissal as she swirled out of the room and back to Chevelle, the metal bracelets around her wrists tinkling like chimes.
“I’m off to town then.
You know, a handsome hunk of horsemeat was asking about you this morning.” My ears perked up.
Someone was asking about Chevelle?
That must have been why we were here.
And then I realized she had called someone a hunk of horsemeat and I had to stifle a giggle.
Chevelle nodded, but made no remark on the inquirer.
Ruby winked at him on her way out and the gesture lit a burn in my chest.
I turned back to my room and climbed into bed, angry at myself more than anything else, and determined not to let him see.
I covered my head with a corner of the blanket, suffocating my fractured thoughts with the absence of light.
I was unsure how long I’d slept.
The house was quiet when I slipped from bed, trying not to make a sound.
I peeked into the main room, finding Chevelle sitting against the front wall, a small window over his head.
He leaned over, working on something in the palm of his hand, a steady scratching accompanying the movement of his wrist.
I started forward and my boot scuffed the floor, alerting him to my presence.
As he glanced up, he slid whatever he’d been working on into a pocket at his hip.
It dawned on me then that the main room had only the entrance and two other doors.
If we were staying with Ruby then the second room must be hers.
I meant to offer Chevelle my room to sleep in, but the look on his face was so unnerving I could not stop myself from offering something else.
“You don’t… you don’t have to protect me.” I hoped it was true.
“I can turn myself in, take myself to the village, or…” I was trying to say Grand Council, but the words stuck in my throat.
No part of me wanted to surrender to my mother’s killers, but I could not make Chevelle suffer more than he already had.
My hands trembled and I tightened them into fists.
He was my watcher; he must have felt he needed to fulfill his duties, to keep his honor.
He would finish our journey and return me to the village.
“Freya.” He said my name as if it were tearing at him and my chest ached.
“You don’t understand.” His eyes closed for a long moment before they found me again.
“You can’t submit to Grand Council.
You can never submit.” He was right, I didn’t understand.
Did he intend to return me to the village, to High Council?
To keep me safe from the others?
“You remembered what they did to your mother?” I felt my face pale.
I’d known they were dangerous, but did he mean to submit was to accept her fate?
The image of flames and a circle of cloaks surrounding her was there again and I had to force it away before it turned to an image of me.
Protection, he’d kept saying as we worked on magic.
They’re going to burn me.
“They would kill me because of the pendant, the library?” “No, Frey.
You have broken some of your bonds.
They will not risk trying to bind you again.” I struggled with an intake of breath.
He stood and started toward me, about to speak again—just as the door swung open.
Chevelle’s face flushed with anger.
“Elfreda!” Steed was through the door and to me in three long strides.
He grabbed me at the waist, picking me up and spinning me so that my cloak swirled behind.
The shock and exuberance of his greeting was too much and I couldn’t help but let out a breathless laugh.
He put me down but kept me close, his hands still at my waist.
“Steed,” I said, very nearly winded.
“What are you doing here?” He glanced at Chevelle, who was still plainly annoyed, and his carefree smile dissolved.
“I was heading to Bray and ran across some trackers.” Chevelle’s eyes flicked to my face and then back to Steed.
Steed dropped his hands from my waist as he winked at me.
“I saw the horses out front and couldn’t resist.
Knew you’d be missing me.” I tried to smile, but the thought of trackers had taken the thrill off the unexpected visit.
The vision of flames was threatening again and I swallowed hard.
Chevelle threw on his cloak, hood up.
“Stay here,” he ordered me.
He gestured toward Steed, who turned to follow him outside.
I wasn’t sure how long they’d be gone; I went to one of the narrow windows on the front wall and peered cautiously out.
They were nowhere to be seen, but the sights of the village distracted me quickly enough.
It was so unlike home.
Night gave the gray stones an even darker appearance, the firelight glinting off their ragged edges like polished onyx.
Torches lit each walkway and building.
It seemed late, but several villagers were still outside, loud and boisterous.
Nearly everyone dressed in black, a few of the men bearing large silver breastplates or wrist cuffs.
Most wore leather, laced tight against thick, muscled frames.
Few were thin or as petite as the elves I was used to seeing.
These were strong, like Chevelle and Steed.
All had dark hair as well.
And then there was red hair.
Ruby.
I cursed.
She was approaching the house and I was alone.
Part of me wondered if I was fast enough to get to my room before she came in.
I hadn’t made up my mind before the door opened beside me.
She purred.
“Well, well.
Alone, are we?” She smiled wickedly as she neared, coming uncomfortably close.
“Let’s talk…” She leaned in further and something glistened in the air between us.
I froze, unable to move away.
“Stop.” Chevelle’s voice was sharp as the redhead was whisked away from me, laughing.
Her curls brushed my face on their way past, taking my head on a dizzying spin.
“Just having a little fun, Vattier,” she said.
It sounded too far away.
Or as if I were in a tunnel.
Chevelle was reprimanding her, and then at once they were gone.
My head swirled and I felt off balance.
I started to stumble, but a strong hand caught my arm.
“Easy there, honeysuckle.” Steed’s voice beside me drew me from the stupor.
“What happened?” I asked, confused.
My mouth tingled.
“A little fairy dust.
Breath of the siren.” “Wha’?” My tongue was thick.
Steed chuckled.
“Intoxicating, isn’t it?” I could hear the smile in his voice.
My nose tingled and I scrunched it up, giggling at the feeling.
I shook my head, trying to clear it.
“Fairy breath?” “Red.
She’s a half-breed.
How do you feel?” Steed asked.
“Weird.” “Yes, that’s normal.” “Hot,” I said, unclasping my cloak and tossing it off behind me.
I swayed.
“Maybe you should sit down,” he warned.
That sounded like a good idea.
“Half-breed?” I asked, unable to form full sentences.
“Half fairy, half elf.” He sat in a chair as he started to answer and I kept moving past the bench where I intended to land and crawled onto his lap, curling my feet up, knees to my chest.
His voice seemed mesmerizing as he continued, “Her mother was a fairy from the West.
Fiery one, her.” I wrapped my arms around my legs, holding my knees tight, and placed my chin there to rest my head.
“Tell me more.” It was all I could do to pay attention to his words, but I was fascinated by their sound.
“Her father was a dark elf.
When her mother died during childbirth, he left her here in the village.
I suppose it was for the best, really, since she can’t fly.
The fairies would have tormented her.
She’s still a bit of an outcast though.” He was still talking as I struggled to catch up in my head.
I interrupted him, unable to stop myself.
“My mother died.” I had no idea why I was speaking.
I batted my eyes and tried to shake it off, concentrating on Steed again.
He seemed to notice I was back and continued his story.
I leaned my head on his chest, snuggling into his warmth.
My face felt numb.
Somewhere in the distance, the door opened and the vibration in Steed’s chest quieted as his words cut off.
My head turned dazedly toward the door, keeping it steady against Steed.
Chevelle’s furious gaze flicked to my cloak piled on the floor before returning to us.
Us.
I was curled in Steed’s lap.
Chevelle stormed toward us.
The arm wrapped around my back loosened but Steed’s body didn’t seem to tense.
His body.
I giggled a little for no apparent reason and then tried to straighten myself so I wasn’t cuddling with him.
Chevelle held his arm out and I wondered foggily if he intended to strike one of us, which made me laugh again.
He shook his head, plainly disapproving, and a flagon landed in his open palm.
He knelt in front of us.
“Drink.” Yes, I was thirsty.
So thirsty.
I took a long pull and then another.
I couldn’t seem to quench the thirst.
He took the container from my hand.
“Enough.” My stomach roiled and I realized what I had drunk.
“Ugh, cat pee.” I thought I might hurl.
How much of that healing crap had I drunk?
I heaved once and Steed shook beneath me with laughter.
I glanced up to find him looking at Chevelle.
For some reason it angered me, even though I knew Steed wasn’t laughing at him.
I was talking again, without regard to thought.
“His mother died, too.
We killed her.” It sounded so matter-of-fact, my head bobbing along with the words.
I couldn’t seem to stop.
My mouth opened to speak once more but I was suddenly swept up, off Steed’s lap and into Chevelle’s arms.
I managed fear for half a second but then lost the feeling to dizziness, followed quickly by only dull numbness.
Chevelle was laying me on my bed.
“Stay here.
It will pass.” His words were gentle now, the anger gone.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered.
He didn’t respond.
He leaned over me to straighten the bedding, his face close to mine.
I stared at his mouth, wondering briefly what it might taste like.
I felt a sharp pain and realized I was biting my lip.
The thought made me giggle again, but Chevelle’s eyes shot to my face and all amusement ceased.
He stroked my cheek lightly with the back of his hand.
“Sleep.” And I did.
My dreams were vivid.
Crimson curls brushing my cheek and bouncing as a slender fairy danced across the floor, flitting her painted fingers.
Stone houses in the night, the glare of fire glinting off the rock.
Massive stones rising high above.
Dark leather, tight against my skin.
Cloaks flowing in the wind, forming a circle and then massing together, threatening.
Black hair glistening with sweat in the moonlight and rolling in rhythm as the horse ran, its mane rocking hypnotically with the motion.
Its heavy equine smell, so unlike any other.
I clung to Chevelle’s strong back as we rode at full speed.
The wind and rain cut at my face, my eyes sore, cheeks streaked with tears and ash.
I woke startled to the sound of laughter.
It took several minutes to gather my thoughts enough to know where I was.
In bed… at Ruby’s.
Ruby, the half-breed.
I was drenched in sweat.
My head throbbed.
Something had happened to me.
Fairy dust, Steed had said.
Steed.
Yes, he had shown up last night.
Voices echoed through the open door.
He was in the main room.
Chevelle was there, too.
My mouth tasted sour.
I tried to sit up but my head spun.
Before I’d moved an inch I was back down.
My pulse pounded in my temples as I struggled to recall what had happened the night before.
I hissed out a low oath when I remembered Ruby leaning toward me, blowing her glitter in my face.
My eyes opened again to find Chevelle offering me a glass.
I winced, unsure of what exactly I had said to him.
I knew it was bad, but couldn’t quite piece it back together.
I glanced up at him timidly.
“Thank you,” I croaked as I took the cup, my hand trembling.
“Shouldn’t have left you alone,” he said quietly.
There was a tinkling laugh in the front room and I groaned.
She was here, too.
The water helped.
I was able to sit up with Chevelle’s assistance.
Ruby swirled into the room, dressed in a red frock of sorts.
The color hurt my eyes.
“Here, a bath will help.
Come with me, dear.” Her hair was tied halfway back with a scarf, the tattered ends mingling with crimson curls.
I felt dizzy again.
She hauled me off the bed, supporting me as I stood.
She was much smaller than I had thought, slipping easily under my arm.
I kept my head down as we walked, mostly trying not to get ill, but also unable to look Steed in the eyes.
I watched Ruby’s heeled boots as she led me through the main room and to the door to her bedroom.
“A bath?” I asked, confused.
She laughed.
“Well, yes.
A little cold for lake bathing here.” She led me to a large basin in the corner of her room.
Water streamed in from the window and filled it halfway.
“I’ve laid out some clothes for you and there are some lovely soaps on the table.” She spun and glided out of the room, closing the door behind her, and all I could think was, Lovely soaps.
I examined the room as I undressed.
A large bed topped with decorated pillows and colorful blankets centered the opposite wall, twice the size of the one I’d been using.
A tall rack in the corner was draped with materials—deep violet and emerald-green silks, dark wools, and a rainbow of patterned scarves.
Shelves alongside were filled full with curiosities and a few books lay on the bedside table near a lantern.
I stepped into the tub, sinking down as lavender-scented steam rose to dampen my face and hair.
I breathed deep.
It seemed to be helping, so I closed my eyes and relaxed.
The water started to chill several times, but I was hesitant to get out.
At the risk of boiling myself, I eased the magic I’d been using to reheat the bath.
Finally, I felt well enough to stand.
I picked up one of the soaps and washed quickly, then pulled the water from the tub to rinse the suds away.
I’d not had much opportunity to practice with water; I added it to the list of things to work on.
It had been a long journey, and the bath was refreshing.
The soap left a light fragrance in the air, smelling like morning and cold, and I wondered if the fairy dust was still affecting me.
I dried off and dressed in the clothes Ruby had put out for me.
They were a little snug, but not enough to have been her castoffs.
The room had its own full-length mirror and I giggled at my reflection.
It was certainly not an outfit I’d choose for myself.
I couldn’t say I looked bad though.
I turned away, still painfully unaccustomed to my new appearance, and tugged down the hem of the short leather top.
Steed let out a whistle as I entered the main room.
Ruby sat beside him, a warm smile on her face as if we were old friends.
Chevelle was near a window on the front wall, leaning on one shoulder, his body turned toward me, expression impossible to read.
“Better?” Ruby asked.
“Yes, thank you.” I was polite, but it burned a little to thank her after what she’d done.
Steed smiled, shaking his head from side to side with exaggerated slowness.
“Some night.” He looked like he was trying to keep a secret.
Heat crawled up my neck as I remembered climbing into his lap, and then again the second time I’d gotten out of bed.
Ruby grinned at him conspiratorially.
“Yes, so educational.” Had I talked in my sleep?
Could this get any worse?
Yes, it could.
It came back to me then.
I dropped into a chair, my head falling into my hands to cover my face.
Ruby started to say something, but Chevelle cut her off.
“Won’t you offer your guest breakfast?” She sniffed.
“Lunch maybe.” A plate of food landed on the table in front of me with a slap.
“Thank you,” I managed.
I was hungry, despite the embarrassment.
I grabbed the plate and started eating.
Ruby and Steed were sitting across from me.
She was reclined, her bare legs showing where the material of her skirt was pulled to the side.
When I looked up, she resituated herself, leaning toward Steed and talking low about some nonsense.
She walked her fingers up his chest as she talked, glancing at me for a reaction.
She was trying to make me jealous.
I was suddenly furious.
She’d poisoned me and now this.
I wanted to burn her right then and there.
I caught Chevelle’s expression as I glared at her.
He had seen what she was doing, knew her motives most likely, but I could tell he thought it had worked.
He thought I was jealous.
Perfect.
I smelled something odd and glanced down.
The meat I was holding had burnt in my hand.
I cursed, dropping it onto the plate.
When I looked back to them, Steed was watching me, smiling.
I tossed the burned meat onto the table, considering going back to bed.
Ruby laughed and it made my hair stand on end.
No, I’d stay.
She might be our host now but I’d get my chance.
I’d fix her.
She shifted and the markings on her leg caught my attention.
A thin painted vine trailed up to her thigh.
She noticed me looking.
“Well, Frey, I feel like I know so much about you.” She smiled slyly at Chevelle.
“But you know so little of me.
Let me tell you a few things, since we will be traveling together.” I felt my head jerk to find Chevelle, not believing what I had just heard.
Ruby continued without pause.
“I’m sure you’ve heard by now I’m an amalgamation, a half-breed.” She said the last part with distaste and glanced at Steed.
“I will give you a short version of events so when the subject comes up—and believe me, someone will ask—you are not overcome by curiosity and forced to seek less than honorable venues to discover the facts.” I chose to ignore the jab about my eavesdropping.
“My mother was a power-hungry wench seeking notoriety.
She was an elemental fairy and, like me, sported a fine head of red hair.” She ran a hand under the curls for emphasis.
“She heard a story one day of a mixed-species birth and got it in her head she could breed a more powerful magic.
Apparently she thought she could control her offspring and use the magic to her advantage… I suppose she thought she could rule the world.” Ruby smirked.
“She studied various species for a few moons and decided her best chance at conquest was a dark elf.
She made her way to this very village and happened across my father, poor unsuspecting sap.” Ruby flitted her fingers, glasses and wine served before each of us as she continued.
“So there he was and she, just a wisp of a woman, flew up to him and blew a little fairy dust… well, you know about that.” I narrowed my eyes at her.
Ruby grinned.
“He was putty in her hands.
It was all over before he even knew her purpose.
She kept him under her enchantments and lies as long as she could.
She thought she was safe hiding here in the village but, as you know, an elf birth is a hefty event.
Upon the hour of my birth, the entire village had gathered to see the new elf—at my father’s request, of course.
Can you imagine the shock when they found my mother was his intended?” She laughed, but her audience was quiet.
Chevelle, expression uncomfortable, turned to watch out the front window.
“Needless to say, it did not go as she had planned.
At her death, my father was released from her bonds.
He was horrified at what he had done, at what had been done to him.
But he hadn’t the heart to destroy his crop.
He simply left.” I felt the tug in my chest at her story, but Ruby’s eyes were dry and clear.
I wondered how many times she’d told it.
“I hear he wanders the mountain.
Probably killing fairies.” Ruby laughed again.
This time it sounded like genuine humor.
The tension in the room eased a bit.
“Ruby.” Chevelle’s tone was respectful as he turned from the window.
“They’re here?” she asked.
He nodded and she rose gracefully from her seat.
“Well, looks like we have some gathering to do.
We can finish this later.” She smiled at me as she followed Chevelle out the door.
Chapter Ten Summit
Steed sat across from me, quiet.
“Seems so sad,” I said.
I was thinking of Chevelle’s loss, of my own, and now of Ruby’s.
How could we all be without family?
“Your mother…” I trailed off.
He sighed.
“My mother died years ago, with a large part of the northern clans.” I cringed.
His mother had died because of my mother.
The same as Chevelle.
I was almost afraid to ask.
“And your father?” He smiled.
“My father wanders the mountain… killing fairies.” My jaw dropped.
“You mean Ruby is your sister?” “Half-sister,” he emphasized.
He let me roll that around for a while before he spoke again.
“You know, Ruby told me she’d had dealings with the infamous Chevelle Vattier, but I didn’t believe her.
One can never believe the tales of a fairy.” Infamous?
“But imagine my surprise when he walked out of the trees, following a green-eyed beauty.” Steed smiled at the memory and then turned serious.
“When I ran into the… trackers, I had hope Ruby had told the truth and might know where to find you.” He laughed.
“She tried to hide you, but I recognized the horses out front.” “She tried to hide us?” “Ah, yes.
Fairies are full of treacheries and wickedness.
Always meddling in the affairs of others, causing trouble whenever possible.
They have quite a time.
At least Red’s only half wicked.” His sister.
I was having trouble wrapping my mind around it all.
“Don’t worry, she’s had her fun with you.
She’ll be helpful now.” He grinned and I wasn’t sure if it was sarcastic.
“Besides, sounds like you’re the biggest trouble going.
She’d do well to stick around you.” I frowned.
“I’ll keep an eye on her,” he promised.
“You?” I asked, remembering Ruby’s announcement.
“You’re traveling with us?” “You don’t mind, do you?” “No, of course not,” I gushed.
It was too eager, so I explained, “Chevelle’s been training me.” “Well, we can certainly help with that.” I grimaced at the thought of Ruby’s training methods.
“Don’t fret.
She’s actually very talented.” His smile warmed.
“An asset, you’ll see.” An asset?
Ruby came through the door, in a movement that could nearly have been classified as whirling.
“Come on, Steed.
We need to set you up outside of town.
Chevelle is afraid we’re causing a scene in the village.” She laughed lightly.
It seemed like she was having fun.
I wondered if that meant she was causing trouble.
“Don’t think he trusts you with the girl,” Ruby added, smiling playfully.
“I prefer the outdoors anyway.” Steed dipped toward me, his hand folding his waist in a bow as he stood to go.
“Sunshine.”
My head was not up for this at all.
His sister.
Traveling with us.
An asset.
I leaned forward, resting my head on my knees.
“Are you ill?” Chevelle said from beside me.
I hadn’t even heard him come in.
He was sitting forward on the bench next to me and when I jerked up in surprise, it put us too close.
I tottered and he steadied me, but didn’t move away.
He leaned closer.
“You smell… like morning.” I bit my lip, heat rising up my neck, but he lingered, breathing in the scent.
“Ruby,” I said.
He looked confused.
“Soap.” I had been reduced to one-word sentences.
“Oh.” He nodded, leaning back.
“She does have a way with potions and such.” “I enjoy the mixing,” Ruby said, startling me again as she entered the house.
“But not to worry, I keep it contained to elements and minerals, no breeding.
I leave that to Steed.” She laughed at her own words as she passed us on the way to her room.
I found myself reevaluating her now that I knew she was Steed’s sister.
Chevelle noticed me watching her.
“Do you mind staying with Ru—” My expression cut him off.
“I have some business to take care of outside of town.
She has given me her word she will behave.” He eyed her as he spoke, a warning.
She replied from the open door of her room, “Yes, yes.
No naughtiness.” And then, under her breath, “On my part.” “No qualifications, Ruby.” “Just teasing.
Now go, we have stuff to do.” My stomach knotted.
Stuff.
Chevelle appeared reluctant to get up.
For a moment, I thought he might reach out to me, but he only stood and left without another word.
It ached.
I didn’t want him to hate me.
Ruby whirled into the room and grabbed me around the waist from behind, spinning me up, over the back of the seat, and through her door before I could process what was happening.
She plopped me down in the center of her bed and swung around to sit in front of me.
My head was reeling from the spin as she smiled at me, waving her hands and bringing a plethora of bottles and canisters flying toward us to drop on the bed.
I thought with disappointment that I hadn’t responded to her attack as Chevelle had taught me and laughed at the image in my head.
Ruby gave me a genuine smile as she began twisting the lid on a small metal canister.
“No mother to teach us the tricks of the trade,” she sighed as she leaned in.
I jerked away from her, wanting to be angry about the comment.
But Ruby had just told me her own story, no less tragic.
She mistook my reaction.
“Oh, don’t be silly.
I wouldn’t play the same design twice.” I relaxed, but only a little.
“Besides, I will let you in on a little secret… the fairy’s breath isn’t really breath.
Can you imagine if it were?
Why, everywhere we go we’d cause a terrible ruckus.
It’s a blend, is all.
We keep it in a tiny capsule in our cheek and when we need it…” She chomped her teeth together with a click, the look surprisingly feral.
And then she smiled, her face melting back into something very near adorable as she held a finger to her lips, protecting the secret.
“Old family recipe, you see.
My mother left a diary.” She was thoughtful for a moment.
“Ah, what a thing, a mother’s diary.” Ruby went silent for too long and I wondered if she would be returning to this one-sided conversation any time soon.
Her eyes flicked back to me.
“It was very fortunate for me she’d kept a journal, you see, for I would have no fairy knowledge without it.” I felt my brows draw together and tried to smooth my face.
“No, don’t feel bad for me.
With you in such a position.” I didn’t know what she meant exactly, but she continued, “And my dear brother has been there for me all along, helping me with the elf parts.” She kept talking as she leaned forward, seemingly unaware I’d not spoken a word in response.
Not that she’d given me much opportunity.
I contemplated whether this was her usual behavior toward strangers or if she felt we had a special motherless bond.
She ran her finger through the substance in the canister and it came out coated in a deep, dark green that had the consistency of grease, which she smeared across the base of my eyelid.
She continued rambling as she coated various parts of my body with lotions and powders, smoothed my hair with a sweet-scented cream, painted my lips with a soft balm that smelled of spice.
After she ran out of areas to work with, she opened a tall glass container with black liquid inside and dipped a cut braid of hair into the bottle.
She drew it out, using the tip to brush an intricate design on the inside of my wrist.
When she was finished, she leaned over and blew gently on the paint.
Or ink?
I was anxious to see the finished work.
I waited impatiently for her to raise her head again and hoped whatever it was wasn’t permanent.
She finally glanced up at me, smiling an easy smile.
I looked nervously at my wrist.
It was magnificent.
A simple outline of a bird with outstretched wings marked the delicate skin at the base of my palm.
Unbelievably tiny runes surrounded the bottom of its wings, making a pattern appear.
I smiled as I praised her.
“It’s beautiful.” One eyebrow shot up and she jumped from the bed, grabbing my wrist and pulling me with her.
I hoped she hadn’t smudged the design.
I checked it as soon as she stopped in front of her mirror and let my arm go.
“And this.” It wasn’t a question.
She was proud of her work.
The eyes that stared back at me in the reflection grew large as they took in her mastery.
Gone was the girl I’d been in the village.
This woman, dressed in leather and dabbed with war paint, was striking, imposing even.
Her dark gaze might have been fierce if it weren’t round with astonishment.
Ruby was thrilled at my response.
She bounced twice and clapped her hands at her success.
And then she was over it.
“Let’s eat.
I’m famished.” She fired a look back at me, her hair flipping in the process.
“Hmm.
I’m not supposed to take you outside.
Not supposed to leave you.” I stood, waiting.
“Food,” she decided.
She yanked two cloaks from the corner and tied them on, covering our heads, and led me to the wardrobe by her bed.
I couldn’t imagine how we could get any more clothes on as she opened the door and started to throw them onto her bed.
But she leaned out of the wardrobe door to whisper, “Come on.” She stepped into the cabinet, dragging me with her.
We were standing outside the rear of her house.
She slid the false wall back in place and grabbed my arm again, our heavy cloaks moving like shadows as we ran from the village.
We didn’t go far before she stopped and jerked me into a squat beside her.
There was movement a brief distance ahead, a rabbit weaving from the cover of one rock to the next.
As I watched, a stick shot from the ground and speared the animal through the chest, killing it instantly.
I gasped.
Ruby giggled at me.
She grabbed her quarry and we rushed back to the house.
We went to the main room and she started a fire as she easily skinned and gutted the animal.
The entrails went into an urn beside the fire and I wondered what she used them for before remembering all the containers on her bedroom shelf with a shudder.
She stretched the pelt to dry while the meat cooked.
She poured us wine and handed me half of her plunder.
“It’s not much, but game close to the village is sparse.
Over-hunted.
When we get to the peak, we can trade.
It is the strangest thing; they herd the animals to town and then corral them to eat at their leisure.” She shook her head at the absurdity.
“But you haven’t eaten until you’ve tasted a fattened beast.” “The peak?” Concerned, she asked, “You don’t know where we’re going?” I drew a breath, uncertain how to answer.
I would have been sure not to trust her, but she was traveling with us.
It was probably best not to tell her, of all people, that I had no clue where I was or where I was going.
I needed to stay on this path, now more than ever.
Chevelle’s words rolled through my mind.
He thought I wouldn’t give up because I’d seen the map.
Something about that nagged at me, but Ruby waited while I searched for a response.
Chevelle opened the door and I knew I was saved from at least that much.
When he saw me, he was struck still.
I had forgotten Ruby’s “treatments” until she squealed in delight at his response.
He composed his face again, but she’d already marked him.
“Oh, you like it.
She’s fabulous, isn’t she?” She was so proud of herself, but I could tell Chevelle was embarrassed he’d been caught off guard.
It might have pleased me too, except that I couldn’t tell if it was less how I had changed and more the resemblance to my mother.
Ruby offered Chevelle a drink and he sat in a chair beside mine.
She prattled as she enjoyed the wine, and I tried to focus on her stories instead of the occasional glances he threw my way.
And then he grabbed my arm.
I flinched, afraid at the quickness and strength of the move, but he only trailed an index finger gently down my arm, over the design, to stop in the center of my palm.
My arm relaxed into his grip.
“You like it?
Ruby did it.
It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” His finger stayed on my palm as he looked up at me.
His eyes lingered on my mouth for a moment and then met mine, piercing.
“A hawk?” It seemed like an accusation, but I had no idea why.
I sat, blank-faced, staring back at him, and he turned to Ruby to give her the strangest look.
“A hawk?” She appeared abashed for a moment and then simply shrugged, smiling.
“Seemed to fit.” That answered his accusation and he released my hand, easing back into his chair.
“Well, now that you’re back…” She hopped off her own chair and bounded toward the door.
“I can’t wait to visit with our new guests.” She frowned a little.
“Too bad they can’t stay inside with us.
Frey can have my room, I’ll be out all night, and you can take the spare.” She took one last look at me before she rushed out, apparently satisfied with her project.
And I was alone with Chevelle again.
My pulse quickened and I had to remind myself he hated me.
He was my watcher.
He was fulfilling a duty.
Then I realized what Ruby had said and I wondered if my brain would ever be quick enough to keep up.
“Guests?” He hesitated before answering.
“We will be traveling with some friends.” He was so vague.
A formless irritation started to crawl its way to the surface, but I had to remember I had no right to ask.
These were my captors.
My fingernails cut into the palm of my hand where the map had been.
We’d be traveling to the peak, they’d said.
I couldn’t guess what waited there, but that didn’t stop the hope that it was something of my mother, my family.
But even if it wasn’t, I’d be that much farther away from the village and council.
The second bit of Ruby’s parting comment registered, so I excused myself to her room with a yawn and a short good night.
I closed the door behind me, and though tired, knew I wouldn’t sleep with him in the next room.
I walked to the back window and stared out into the night.
Moonlight glinted off Ruby’s figure in the distance, heading away from the village.
I didn’t think.
I just pulled a cloak from the pile on her bed and was out the hidden door behind the wardrobe.
I ran in a crouch, praying no one spotted me as I gained on her.
I only once glanced at the house in the fear I wouldn’t be able to find my way back.
If I wanted to catch Ruby, I wouldn’t be able to mark my path.
Her cloaked form leapt over a tall rock and disappeared.
I hurried forward, sure I was about to lose both her and the route.
When I topped the rock, I froze, taking a heartbeat too long to drop to my stomach.
Just over that ridge stood a group of elves, though after my pulse settled, I didn’t think they’d seen me before I’d fallen back.
I wasn’t quite close enough to hear, but didn’t see a better vantage point.
I squinted, examining the figures.
Ruby’s red curls gave her away.
She had tossed back the hood of her cloak and was laughing with a large elf.
Steed, I was almost sure because of his stance.
I scanned the darkness and found two other figures.
One was about the size of Steed; the other was thinner and appeared fidgety, even in the darkness.
They approached Ruby and Steed and out of the shadows I could see their dark hair.
The thinner one’s hair was long, his bangs falling over sharp features.
I studied their gestures in the moonlight, occasionally catching a few words.
It seemed they were planning, but I couldn’t be sure.
There was movement again in the shadows as more figures approached.
I inched forward, anticipating when they would come into view.
One of the forms was a mass, low to the ground.
I squinted to see better and— I almost screamed as a hand wrapped around my biceps with fierce strength, jerking me to my feet.
I tried to see my attacker, to think of the magic to protect myself.
“What are you doing?” It would have been a yell it if wasn’t hissed.
The tone was harsh and I recognized it at once.
“Oh,” I managed.
Part of me was saying calm down, but the other was screaming I was still in danger.
“Chevelle… I…” I didn’t have an answer.
What was I doing?
He released his grip just a fraction.
“I went to your room and you were gone.” He shook his head.
“I thought I had to come out here to get a search party.” “I, uh… you were in my room?” He straightened, his expression making it clear he hadn’t expected that response.
I pressed, taking the chance.
“Why?” I heard movement behind me and the fear returned tenfold.
Chevelle didn’t tense; he only let out an exasperated breath.
“It’s fine,” he said.
He released me and I turned to see who he’d addressed.
Four figures stood in a line, almost a formation, and they relaxed at his words.
My arm tingled as the blood returned to the limb, freed of his harsh grip.
Yes, he hates me.
I flexed my fist.
“Ah, she escaped,” Ruby purred.
“And you didn’t trust me with her.” The formation broke as Steed came to stand beside me, the corner of his mouth tipping into a grin.
I stared at the group.
I had no idea who they were, but from the way they spoke it was apparently no secret I was Chevelle’s prisoner.
Or his property.
“Frey,” Chevelle said, “this is Anvil.” He nodded toward a giant of a man who bowed his head respectfully.
“And Grey.” The wiry man bent and straightened, his movements too quick.
I drew in a startled breath as two more figures came into view.
A pair of slender elves stepped in sync as they stopped just outside the group.
They were tall and lean, dressed in robes the color of ash that only accentuated their shocking silver hair.
I was convinced the moonlight must have been exaggerating it.
And then I jumped again as, on either side of them, two beasts walked forward to stand just in front of the twinned elves.
Steed brushed an arm against mine, mumbling under his breath, “Yeah, they’re not from around here.” I felt myself leaning on Chevelle for support.
“Rhys and Rider Strong,” he said from behind me.
They nodded and I was surprised the small gesture also seemed in step.
A strange whine emanated from one of the dogs as they shifted to sit on their haunches.
By their size, I might have guessed they were wolves, but I’d never known a wolf to be tamed.
Their fur matched the robes of their masters, down to the black trim.
I couldn’t be certain in the light, but I thought there was even some silver showing.
Surely they would be less frightening in the light of day.
Ruby broke the tense atmosphere with a curtsey.
“And Ruby Summit.” I attempted a smile for her, not missing the silent exchange between Steed and Chevelle.
They were trying to decide what to do with me.
“Since you’re apparently not ready to retire for the evening, I suppose we will resume your training,” Chevelle said.
I sighed.
“Ooh, let me!” Ruby shouted.
Chevelle gave her a doubtful look and then glanced at me, apparently deciding I deserved it.
He nodded once and walked toward the rock ledge.
Ruby bounced from foot to foot, celebrating her victory.
As Chevelle moved past Anvil and Grey, they turned to follow him.
The silver-haired elves and their dogs were nowhere in sight.
My gaze caught Steed, who was watching me.
I always forgot how strikingly handsome he was until I looked right at him.
He wore a thin, loose shirt now, rolled at the sleeves and covered by a leather vest.
It matched the long cuffs on his forearms, the same dark, worn leather of his saddles.
He stepped closer, taking my chin in his hand to examine my face in the moonlight.
He purred something toward Ruby about her decorations and gave me a wink as he walked off in the direction Chevelle had gone.
We were alone then, Ruby and I, and I was sure this was going to hurt more than my other training.
She untied her cloak and tossed it to land with a muffled sound on the rocks.
She was smiling a touch as she reached a hand across her waist, closing her fist around a black hoop I’d not seen before.
She drew it out and around as a long black trail curved in its wake and came to rest at her side.
My mouth went dry.
A whip.
Oh yes, this would hurt.
I loosed my cloak and pitched it aside, lowering myself in a defensive stance, hands out and ready.
Crack!
Okay, not ready.
“Ow!
Mother Earth!” I yelled.
Blood trickled from the strike point.
Ruby giggled.
“Okay, we start slower.” She considered for a moment.
“Maybe we work on your attacks instead of defense.” I relaxed my stance.
“Um, I don’t really have any attacks.” “Well, then, I suppose we had better focus on getting you some.
How to begin?” She was talking to herself now.
My mind started to wander as I listened for sounds from the men below.
What are they doing there?
“I’m afraid we will have to use your anger,” she said, a smile creeping into the corner of her lips.
“It seemed to work with your lunch.” I remembered the meat I had burnt and flushed.
“Yes, this will do,” she hummed with a sly grin.
“Let me see… yes, I’ve got it.” She began stepping a slow circle around me, talking as she moved, suddenly cat-like.
“The dreams you had after the fairy dust, do you remember them?” Oh.
“I have a few questions, you see.
You had plenty to say about someone as you slept.
You mentioned how his mouth tasted… muscles under his shirt.
And, well, I was curious just who you meant.” No.
“It couldn’t have been Chevelle; you should have seen his face.
He was livid.” No.
“Steed was certainly enjoying it, but, my dear, he won’t spill the secret to me.
Whose strong back were you wrapped around, whose dark eyes—” I was mortified.
There was nowhere to go, it was too much, and it turned to fury as she continued.
I snapped.
The flames that had been coursing through me burst in my hands.
She laughed and tossed her head.
“Oh you should have heard it.
You gave us such interesting details!” The image of Chevelle hearing my dreams, the sound of their laughter when I woke… I knew what she wanted and I gave it to her.
Fire shot from my hands toward her, hotter than any I’d ever produced.
The warmth hit my face and Ruby’s heeled boots sloshed as snow melted beneath her feet.
She batted away the flames and smiled.
“Come now, you’ll have to do better than that.” She kept circling.
“Let me try harder.” She flicked her wrist, and the end of her whip caught my ankle so fast I hadn’t even realized it was moving.
She jerked and my leg came out from under me, my hip slamming flat on the ground.
It hurt.
The pain stole the heat from my anger, and I struggled to stand.
Crack!
The whip struck at my head, forcing me back down.
She circled me, cracking the whip every time I attempted to right myself.
I couldn’t get a foothold.
“Come now, Freya, you must defend yourself.
Fight me.
Stop me.” Snap!
Snap!
Snap!
She was faster now, cracking the whip above me and at each side, moving again and again, closer and closer.
I had to think of something but my mind could only concentrate on the snap of her whip.
Her boots splashed in the melted snow again, and I sent the icy water racing up under the material of her skirt to her bare legs.
Shock crossed her face and I hoped it would buy the time I needed.
What now?
The cold water had thrown her for no more than a fraction of a second, but it was enough time to right myself and execute one quick attack.
I volleyed a nearby rock, which struck her in the back of the head and threw her balance off for another instant.
I knew I was larger than her so I gritted my teeth and lunged, grabbing her as I tried to figure my next move.
She raised her face and, when her eyes met mine, they narrowed.
Part of me was aware I should have been scared, but I was enjoying myself.
Whatever pain I might receive didn’t factor; I had wanted to hurt this wicked little redhead since the first time I’d seen her, since her hand reached out seductively toward Chevelle and collected my ruby.
My palms lit where they wrapped around her arms.
I would finally burn her.
She cocked one eyebrow at me.
“Half fire fairy, silly.” And I flew through the air to land with a heavy thump a few yards away.
“Well, it was a little unconventional, but at least you’re thinking on your feet,” she mused, straightening the material of her skirt.
And then she giggled as she realized I was, in fact, not on my feet.
My body ached as I stood and my best skill was useless.
I desperately wanted to ask her to show me the way, but my ego stubbornly refused.
Not her.
She must have picked up my mood.
“You see, most of us choose one particular favorite.
We focus on that and practice constantly.
That way it becomes easier, uses less energy, you know.” I didn’t know.
“Maybe we should see what your strong suit is,” she said and motioned me to follow her as she walked to the rock ridge and jumped over, hurrying down to the men.
“Sorry to interrupt, gentlemen,” she announced.
“I was wondering if you’d mind a little demonstration?” They broke their circle to give her their attention.
“Frey here hasn’t found her rhythm yet,” she explained.
They seemed to understand and she bounded back over to me and drew me to sit beside her on a large rock facing the men before cueing them to begin.
The largest stepped forward, boasting deep brown hair and eyes.
He wore plain clothing but his broad shoulders and massive size made him seem regal.
“They name me Anvil but I am Reed, of Keithar Peak.” His voice was thick, though it was impossible to tell whether it was an accent or he had difficulty speaking.
He was huge, frighteningly so, but something about him drew me in.
I wanted to be his friend for no reason I could rationalize.
He walked to me and reached out his hand in greeting.
As I took it in mine, a tingle ran up my arm, the fine hairs standing on end.
Anvil smiled.
“Apologies.
I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.
It was like a static charge.
Meanwhile, I had decided the thickness was a drawl.
“I don’t know your accent.
Where is it from?” “North Camber,” he replied.
A snicker slipped from Steed and Anvil glanced at him before amending, “Well, that is where they cut out part of my tongue.” I recoiled, wrenching my hand from his.
The tingle remained.
He didn’t seem offended; he simply took a few steps backward to start his demonstration.
I brought my arm back to my side and it brushed Ruby, shocking her just enough to make both of us flinch.
She only smiled as she returned her attention to the start of the show.
The other men drew back, some sitting, some standing, but all giving him their full attention and space as he raised his hands and braced himself, taking one full deep breath before shifting forward, ever so slightly.
A thunderous crack and excruciating light flew from both of his outstretched hands, slammed into a tall pine, and snapped the top third of the tree off.
Several limbs splintered and popped as it crashed its way down.
I stared in open-mouthed astonishment.
Sweat glistened on the large man’s forehead and his breath was a little labored, but still, he stood.
Understanding came slowly.
He had shot lightning from his hands.
The others nodded appreciatively, but I was having second thoughts about friendship with this man.
Though not being his friend was probably more dangerous.
I was shaking my head in disbelief as he turned back to me and bowed.
He stepped back, taking a seat as the wiry man stepped inside the circle then.
He nodded to me.
Grey.
He was thoughtful for a moment, deciding the best way to display his skill, before finally approaching to offer his hand.
I reached forward, placing my palm against his, and then he was gone.
His entire body had vanished.
I half expected to feel his touch—perhaps he’d merely camouflaged himself—but my hand was empty.
I looked around, baffled.
The makeshift audience wore easy, amused smiles.
They watched me, not the vacant space from which Grey had evidently disappeared.
And then I noticed someone beside me who hadn’t been there before… it was him.
“How…” But he was gone again.
I’d been staring right at him and had no idea where he’d gone.
I was just beginning to doubt whether I’d seen him at all when I spotted him standing across the circle, grinning fiendishly while he dangled an object from his hands.
It was the feather Ruby had tied in my hair.
I’d forgotten about it.
I reached up to feel for it and it was gone.
I started to get irritated but then the feather was in my other hand and he was back, his hands now empty.
And then, for no apparent reason but amusement, he did a few somersaults and landed in the center of the circle, smiling.
I could only shake my head as Ruby clapped beside me, clearly thrilled with the show.
I thought I must have missed something.
Grey bowed out of the circle and was replaced by the two tall, silvery elves.
I found myself startled again; I had not seen them sitting with the group, or anywhere else.
For some reason, it was much more eerie than the little wiry man who blinked in and out of vision.
One of the men spoke, his tone formal.
“We will not demonstrate their full power at this time, in fear of shorting our forces a man for mere display.” I assumed he was probably joking.
“As you can see, they can be frightening, however, without attack.” At that, the dogs walked into the circle.
I had not seen them either, before they were approaching their masters.
They came forward to snarl, one regarding Ruby and one Steed, and I could only be glad it wasn’t me as their muzzles pulled back and exposed a vicious set of teeth, complete with meat-tearing fangs.
The hair rose on their backs and I was suddenly positive they were larger than Ruby.
A horrific growl ripped from their chests in unison and I cringed.
Then, at once, they settled back into relaxed seated positions as if they had never been angry.
“We also do not do tricks.” Yes, there was humor there.
I was relieved to see the intimidating pair might not be as strict as I’d imagined.
“We will return to watch.” They inclined their heads and walked out of the circle in unison, disappearing from view.
I twisted the feather I was holding in my hand.
How remarkable it must be to master a beast.
I wouldn’t have to be battered during training then, I thought, and winced at the idea of Ruby cracking one of those wolf-dogs with her whip.
Chapter Eleven An Education
The next morning, Ruby was in the main room waiting for me.
She instructed me to bathe and change; we would be spending the day training.
I followed her directives, but couldn’t decide whether to be grateful or worried when the clothes she’d laid out for me were plainly meant for a hard day.
It was still early as we stole out the back, cloaks covering our heads as we made our way to the ridge.
Steed, Chevelle, Grey, and Anvil were already there.
I imagined the others—Rhys, Rider, and their dogs—were somewhere near, though I couldn’t see them.
Watchdogs, I thought, all four.
It was comforting, but Ruby wasted no time in getting to training.
She immediately trounced me.
Repeatedly.
I felt all kinds of defeated before we’d gone half an hour.
After watching us for a while, Steed stepped in to save me.
“Frey”—he’d converted to the nickname the others used in place of the sunnier ones—“why don’t you take a break for a while?
Let us spar so you can watch.
We’ll give you a few pointers.” I didn’t know if I liked the idea of the group sparring, whether it gave me a break from the torture or not, but Grey stepped forward and my opinion no longer mattered.
“Just watch and learn.” I backed away and sat cross-legged on the ground.
Ruby joined me; I could tell she was excited.
It seemed everything excited Ruby.
Everything that makes me nervous, I amended in my head.
Steed and Grey stood opposite each other in the center of the clearing we circled.
A cursory nod at one another signaled the onset of the bout and both tensed and crouched slightly into a ready stance.
I found myself leaning forward as we waited.
Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.
Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.
“Come on, blossom,” Steed teased back, “let’s see what you’ve got.” At that, Grey disappeared and then, in a flash, was behind Steed, reaching up to smack him in the back of the head.
The instant before he struck, Steed ducked into a squat and spun, taking Grey’s legs out from under him.
I flinched.
Grey was gone again, this time reappearing midair in a flip above Steed’s head, reaching down to tag him on the way by.
It was a loud smack.
I was sure it had stung.
Steed stood still, focused on the spot where Grey had landed and was flickering in and out of view.
I made an effort to consider possible responses in my head, but was coming up blank.
The nerves were gone.
I found myself wanting Steed to win and leaned with his strikes, tensing as if they were my own.
Grey bounded through the air once more, showing off, confident in his evident lead, and then a small rock rose at chest height in front of Steed.
I was trying to figure out who had lifted it when Grey flashed back into view, hesitating only a moment as he considered the rock.
At once, his face changed; he knew he’d been beaten.
As he’d paused to study the floating rock, Steed had immobilized him and, just like that, the match was over.
Ruby leaned into me, voice soft.
“Steed is stronger than Grey.
He only needed to catch him.” Grey conceded, his walk slower, movements no longer jerky as he made his way out of the makeshift ring.
Steed threw me a quick wink.
Anvil approached next, stepping into the same starting position Grey had used, and Steed shifted several paces back before he readied himself and nodded toward his new opponent.
I remembered the tree and was suddenly afraid for him.
Would Anvil use the same method on a person?
A thunderous crack answered my unspoken question.
The lightning bolt was faster than my eyes at such a close distance, by the time I looked at Steed, there was nothing but a wall of water.
He had constructed a barrier of sorts, caught the strike and redirected it around himself by melting the snow that spotted the mountain.
Anvil was winded, though the strike wasn’t as severe as his previous show.
Steed would unquestionably be the winner now and as he took aim to retaliate, his opponent raised his hands in surrender.
“Quick thinking, Mister Summit.” The large man grinned and I was in no doubt they were old friends.
Chevelle stepped forward then, eager.
I had a feeling he’d been itching for this the way I’d been itching to burn Ruby.
Steed smiled in acceptance, but not the same smile he’d given his last opponent.
They stood across from each other and readied themselves.
Both tensed but neither took the low, wide stance previously used.
As their eyes fixed on one another, I felt myself, and Ruby beside me, lean forward in anticipation of action.
Both men went taut, their muscles corded, jaws clenched tight, determined stares focusing only on each other.
I saw nothing happen but knew there must be something, some unseen force causing them pain, draining them.
I couldn’t look away but stammered to Ruby, “What’s happening?” “They are trying to overpower one another.” I could hear the pleasure in her voice.
“No silly games, just power.” The way she said it had some part of my mind wondering whether her statement about not having her mother’s ambition was true.
But I could only concentrate on the struggle in front of me.
No visible action.
I tried to judge by appearance who might be winning.
Chevelle’s jaw was set, eyes dark.
Steed flinched, but I had no idea if it was pain or magic.
The only thing I was sure of was that neither intended to lose.
Their stances, right down to their gazes, were absolutely unwavering.
A sound behind me drew attention to how quiet the valley had grown as we watched this unanimated brawl.
And in an instant, how still.
Steed and Chevelle broke their stare, turning to the noise—dogs, I thought—before the entire world shifted into action.
Ruby was gone, vanished from beside me, and I was whisked from my seat, catching only a glimpse of Steed and Chevelle darting past.
In less than a heartbeat, I was standing over the rocks in the opposite direction, Ruby before me, red curls blocking my view, arms outstretched in readiness.
Steed and Chevelle were at opposite angles in front of us, both tensed, even more so than they had been in their bout.
I peered around Ruby’s mane to see what they were focused on.
In front of our triangle, directly ahead of Ruby, stood a reedy, blond elf, draped in the long white robe and tassels of council.
I felt sickened as I absorbed the idea that a council member—is he a tracker?—had been behind me as we were all engrossed in a trivial match.
He was frozen, unmistakable agony distorting his features.
I didn’t know which of the group were restraining him, but Anvil and Grey flanked him, Rhys and Rider a distance behind with their dogs.
The man seemed to be attempting to speak but couldn’t get the words out.
His hair was so pale, robe stark in the moonlight, that I became aware of how quickly I’d grown accustomed to the dark features of my new companions.
Chevelle mumbled something but I couldn’t make it out.
My ears had begun to buzz, not the all-out siren that had crippled me before, but a constant, crackling hum.
I worked my jaw, tugged at the lobe of my ear.
The stranger’s lips moved, apparently able to speak again, and Anvil approached him, dwarfing the captive with his mass.
Anvil exhibited remarkable menace when he addressed the frozen councilman, who mouthed another reply.
Through ringing ears I couldn’t decipher their words, but somehow I did hear the breaking bones.
A grotesque crunch accompanied the snapping of the councilman’s thigh, and he dropped nearly to the ground.
Anvil leaned over him, somehow even more intimidating as he spoke directly to the man, as if they were the only two here, as if he hadn’t just suffered a traumatic injury.
And, evidently, Anvil didn’t like the answers he received, because the councilman’s other leg snapped, dropping him to rest on the stumps of his broken, mangled thighs.
I should have turned at the sight, but I couldn’t keep from wondering how it was possible he remained upright at all.
Anvil bent down to keep his stare close, threatening, and the broken man looked at me.
His glare turned accusing, his mouth suddenly moving with heated, determined words, but my ears only rang louder, engulfing all other sound.
I cringed, but couldn’t stop myself from watching the scene play out, even as my head turned down, wanting to look away.
Why is he fixed on me?
What are they saying?
Ruby remained protectively in front of me, her posture lowered, arms tensed tighter since the stranger turned his eyes on me.
His face twisted in agony as his right arm was dislocated from its socket, leaving the limb hanging limply at the shoulder.
I was glad I didn’t hear that sound.
He turned back to his questioner, his mouth a grimace as the words came out, unmistakably a curse, and his other arm was wrenched from its place as well.
He winced, apparently not yet numb from the damages, and then his face went hard, his lips pressed together, jaw clenched tight.
He wasn’t going to scream.
Or talk.
His back twisted and he fell, a motionless heap on the ground.
His body was bent out of recognition.
It was over.
My ears had stopped ringing the moment he’d hit the ground.
Ruby relaxed and stepped away from me.
I wanted to catch up with what had happened but no one was talking, the mountain was silent.
Rhys and Rider were once again gone from sight.
“Aren’t you going to perform the death ceremony?” I worried as the other elves began walking away.
Anvil spat on the mangled body.
The corpse.
“It’s done.” I stood staring at the crumpled mass as the others gathered, arguing.
A council member.
“It’s time to move,” someone said.
Came for me.
“No, not yet.” Someone else.
They killed him.
And I was glad.
“There could be more,” Grey insisted.
That brought me back, no matter how disturbing my realization was.
“More?” Chevelle gave the bickering group an admonishing glare as he approached me.
I could hear the alarm in my own voice when I repeated, “There are more council members coming for me?” He tried to calm me.
“Frey—” I cut him off.
“I won’t let you all pay for my crimes.” Confusion passed over their faces, everyone except for Chevelle.
“We aren’t.
You don’t understand…” Something flickered in his eyes.
“Besides, they are pursuing me.
For choking the tracker.” Grey shook his head.
“Because of me,” I argued.
“And now you’ve killed one.” But I didn’t know who had killed him.
Anvil had stood before the man, but any one of them could have snapped his spine.
“Frey.” Chevelle’s tone was solemn.
“You know what they did to your mother.” And I could hear what he didn’t say.
You know what they’ll do to you.
I didn’t have a counter for that and he knew it.
He took advantage of the silence, giving orders to Ruby.
“Take her to the house.” She had me at once, towing me beside her as she retrieved our cloaks.
Chevelle was still instructing, “Steed, watch the front, stay inside.
Grey, take the rear, out of sight.
Anything, no matter how trivial, signal the wolves.” Wolves.
They had been wolves, not dogs.
I immediately had more respect for the tall, pale-haired elves.
Men who tamed wild wolves.
We were back at the house in what seemed like a heartbeat.
Steed watched the village from the front room.
Ruby sat with me on her bed, the door closed.
“This will calm you,” she said.
A sprinkle of glitter hit my face before I had the chance to protest.
“Just a touch,” she assured me, “just a touch.” It was too late.
The dust had already taken effect.
I relaxed onto the bed, just as Ruby did the same beside me.
We stared at her ceiling unspeaking for an immeasurable amount of time.
I rolled on my side toward her, dimly irritated she’d poisoned me again.
Though it was much less severe this time.
I was simply enveloped in tranquility.
“Ruby…” Her curls had tumbled back and my complaint fell short as I was distracted by her ears.
“Hmm?” she answered.
I reached up to feel my own ears as I considered hers.
I had always hidden mine behind hair, never braiding it back or putting it up to expose them.
Not that I could have pulled off the intricate braiding and designs of the other elves.
But my ears were clearly more rounded than everyone else’s, almost blunt.
Ruby’s were different, too.
Hers were more angular though, long and almost pointed at the tip.
Neither of us matched the norm.
Hers were one extreme, mine the other.
She turned to look at me.
“Feeling okay?” I remembered I was going to ask her something.
I said, “Mm-hmm,” and got lost in the hum of my reply.
She smiled at my satisfied trance.
I faded off to blackness then, though my dreams were vivid and wild.
I was a hawk, flying high above the mountain.
My wings stretched as I soared through an endless and open sky.
Through keen eyes I watched below, surveying a massive structure of dark stones.
Then I was a wolf, running through those stones, hunting, searching, protecting.
My muscular shoulders tensed and released with each long stride.
I was myself again, though strong and confident.
Two statuesque elves, twinned in white, glided past me.
Lightning struck around me, cracking the dark stones of the walls.
Reed of Keithar Peak stood before me and suddenly I was on a pedestal, looking down as he wagged his tongue at me.
I scorned him, burning a chunk of it off, and he smiled.
I jolted awake, the smell of burning flesh still lingering in my senses, and was staring at Ruby’s ceiling.
Curse her.
I was alone in her bed, but could hear an exchange of low whispers from the open door as she and Steed conversed in the front room.
I wasn’t about to announce I had woken.
My head didn’t throb as before, no sour mouth.
It was overall a much better experience.
But who could stand the dreams?
I rolled to my side, rubbing the sleep from my face.
There were a few books on the bedside table and I reached over to draw the top one near.
I flipped idly through the pages, until I recognized it was detailing the different aspects of magic.
I hurriedly scanned through, getting caught on a section marked Exchange.
It claimed using magic consumed a person’s energy.
Not just immediately available energy, but life energy.
I’d never known a book to lie, but I couldn’t imagine its applications otherwise.
Ruby was giving part of her existence to draw me a bath?
Chevelle and Steed forfeited time for a silly instructional match?
It couldn’t have been right.
I tried to recall, though still clouded with fog, the magic I’d seen in the village.
The youngsters played, careless with the use, often until they collapsed from exhaustion.
But the elders, they were reserved.
I couldn’t think of them using it for anything that could be done with less physical energy.
They hunted with weapons, wrote with their hands, worked as if they took pleasure in it.
Was there no energy left for magic?
Or was it not important until you reached the close of your years and realized it was almost gone?
I remembered how long a thousand years had seemed to me before I planned on spending it in a prison.
Ruby walked in and I snapped the book shut, positive I shouldn’t have taken it from her table without permission.
One glance at her stifled reaction and I knew I’d not be able to ask her about what I’d read.
“Sleep well?” she asked.
“Oh,” I started, my voice hoarse.
She handed me a glass of water, which she smoothly traded for the book.
“Dreams,” I complained.
She smiled as she sat on the bed beside me.
“Some seek out the breath.
They say it is foresight.” “Foresight?” She nodded.
“What did you see?” She raised an eyebrow questioningly.
“Not the future.” She laughed.
“Have a bath.
You’ll be good as new.” The water was coming in the window again and I wondered at what I had just read.
Surely the dust and fog were meddling with my thoughts.
“Chevelle will be swapping with us for the evening,” she explained.
The bath refreshed me but, unfortunately, it also cleared my mind.
No wonder Ruby drugged me.
I tried not to think about the tracker as I dressed.
The smell of cold and morning hung in the air and I felt a pang of guilt at using the fragrance again, knowing Chevelle would be there.
I appraised myself in the mirror and smiled, and then shook my head, certain the dust was still influencing me.
When I walked into the main room, Chevelle was sitting on the bench seat, leaning over as he worked on something.
He raised his head as I approached, closing his hand around whatever it was before sliding it into a pocket.
He seemed mildly anxious.
I was still feeling peculiar so I climbed into the seat beside him, curling my feet up close.
He watched me, his eyes lingering even after I had settled.
It felt as if he yearned to say something.
The tension became too much and I broke.
“Ruby drugged me.” He smiled.
“She told me.
She was worried about your sanity.” The last word cracked.
He appeared to regret saying it.
“Did she tell you”—I wasn’t sure I should be admitting this—“I read her book?” “Yes.” He wasn’t offering any information.
I would have to ask.
The dust must have given me courage.
“It talked about exchange.” Still nothing.
“About energy… life… for magic.” He cleared his throat.
“Yes.” “Can you tell me about it?” “Today, after Anvil sparred with Steed, you saw how the strike drained him.
This is something you’ll need to know for a group conflict.
The tactics are different than one on one.” He hadn’t answered my question at all.
But he was talking and I would take it.
I nodded for him to go on.
“A single opponent allows you to use more energy, focus only on that and let yourself…” My thoughts were wandering.
Cursed dust.
“… but with a number of opponents, you have to conserve your energy so you don’t leave yourself too weak…” I was watching his mouth move as he spoke but losing the words.
I couldn’t focus.
“… tactics that do not drain your energy.
Protect yourself…” I was leaning toward him.
Cursed fool.
“… even hand-to-hand combat or choose a weapon.
Ruby’s whip, a staff…” Cursed Ruby.
Grrr… “Frey.” “Hm?” He shook his head.
“Never mind.” I was angled toward him, could feel myself moving.
My mind was screaming stop but it was too late.
I closed in on his lips.
I was close enough my intent was unmistakable when he grabbed me, wrapping both arms around my biceps in a too-tight grip.
“Freya—” A howl.
A wolf.
He let out a deep breath and it tickled my nose.
Oh.
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
My head cleared, but Chevelle still held me around the arms.
My neck flushed, my eyes shooting to my lap.
I couldn’t look at him.
What am I doing?
The door opened and Chevelle’s hands dropped as he stood to face the newcomer.
“They are here.” It was Steed’s voice, but I didn’t raise my head, the blood still hot in my cheeks.
“Take her to the ridge, I will meet you after…” Chevelle stopped midsentence.
After what?
Steed must have been concerned because Chevelle explained, “Ruby gave her a little dust… to relax.” “Frey,” Steed said from beside me.
I glanced at the door.
Chevelle was gone.
“Are you well?” “Ugh.” He snickered.
“Come on.” He swept me up, planning to carry me.
My head spun.
“No.
Please let me walk.” “You do not tolerate that stuff well.
You’re going to have to lay off the shimmer.” “It’s not like I chose to take it,” I complained.
He laughed.
The cold air helped a little.
I was back in the circle, the group of us sitting around a small fire.
Ruby was telling stories.
She related the tale of Bonnie Bell, a blue fairy from the East.
“He hunts the human children, luring them in with glitter and lights, and eats them, beginning with their tiny little toes.
Though he gives no choice in the matter, in exchange, he allows the mother one wish.” I scoffed, “Humans aren’t real.” “Even so,” she continued, smiling wickedly, “you’d be surprised how many don’t think to wish for their children back.” Raucous laughter floated up around the ring.
Fairy tales indeed.
It felt good being there, surrounded by my new companions, a fire and stories, laughter.
This was more of a home than Fannie’s had ever been.
But I was also under the influence of a fairy.
“Better yet?” Ruby asked.
I grimaced.
Grey approached.
“Ruby dear, won’t you allow us to partake?” “Speak for yourself,” Anvil cracked from across the fire, “last time I lost a bit of tongue.” I cringed and remembered my dream.
I thought I could still smell burning flesh.
Ruby laughed.
“Ah, well, I suppose just this once.” Grey sat, rough brown boots resting among the stone, and she leaned over him as if for a kiss.
Her lips stopped just short of his, their eyes connecting as a glint of firelight caught the shimmer and Grey breathed it in.
As she pulled away, his fingers trailed slowly off her arm and I felt I was intruding, so I averted my eyes.
Steed, beside me, gave me a gentle smile.
I like Steed.
He’s a good guy.
I shook my head to clear it.
Cursed dust.
Ruby joined us.
“Do the effects last longer sometimes?” I asked.
“It depends.” “On what?” Seemed like an obvious followup.
“Your mood.” I was irritated all over again, but got distracted when she licked the point of an arrow.
“What are you doing?” She grinned.
“Look, Frey, I don’t know if you’re up for this story right now.” I didn’t think she was funny.
She sighed.
“Okay, but you’ll probably regret it.” “Just give her the short version, Ruby,” Steed interrupted.
“No gory details.” His eyebrow cocked meaningfully.
“Oh, well, yes, that would do.” She smiled at me as she licked another arrow, tongue sliding carefully along the blade.
“You see, my dear, being a one of a kind—well, as far as I know—has its benefits.
Though they weren’t always benefits.
Ooh, in the beginning it was bad… but, well, that’s the long version, isn’t it?
No gory details.” She winked at Steed.
“I am, how should I put it… venomous.” I gasped.
It was her expected response.
“Yes, yes.
I know.” She held her tongue out for me to examine.
As she pressed another arrow against it, tiny slits opened up and released a translucent liquid.
“Not really venom, per se, all fairies have it.
A chemical to help break down their food.
Just that mine is toxic to many.
Not to worry though, I have pretty good control of it now.
Nasty, poisonous stuff.” She laughed again, “You know, that’s what Chevelle thought I intended the first time I dusted you.” I recalled the panic in his voice before he whisked her away.
As disastrous a night as that had been, this one hadn’t gone much better.
“Ruby, please take Frey back to the house.” Chevelle was standing behind us.
I was too exhausted to jump, but Ruby merely glanced back at him, not at all surprised he was there.
Her face crinkled.
“Didn’t go well?” He didn’t respond but was obviously frustrated.
I couldn’t tell if it was with Ruby or whatever hadn’t gone well.
Or the idiotic offspring of his parent’s murderer who tried to seduce him in a drunken stupor.
It didn’t matter, I was being removed again.
Ruby rambled about all of the difficulties of and uses for venom on our way back.
She’d gotten so involved in her stories I thought she must have forgotten I was there.
Her last words confirmed it.
“No one knew to check.
How would they?
I mean, a new species.
A new breed.
And lethal.
Poison to her mother.
They couldn’t even know that was what had happened until the others.
Until the pattern became patent and they found the source.” I stared at Ruby, imagining the nameless “others” who’d been taken by her venom before they discovered its root.
But it was not the idea of those strangers that tightened my chest.
Poison.
To her mother.
Chapter Twelve Unexpected Company
My dreams were wicked that night, all venom and wolves, snakes and beasts, death and fire.
I woke in my bed, light filtering in through the window.
The door was open a crack and I could see Chevelle sitting in the front room.
I was hesitant to face him.
I lay there, running back through the events of the night, the stories.
Embarrassment flooded me again and I turned my head to bury it in the blankets, but something strange on the side table caught my attention.
I picked it up to examine.
A small bird, carved of stone.
A hawk.
Of onyx.
I knew at once it was what Chevelle had been working on, carving.
And then I recognized the stone, the large black stone that had pummeled my face for days, and I couldn’t help but snicker.
I remembered the tiny hawk he had made with magic and my disappointment when it had turned back to the dull gray rock.
He had carved me this symbol with his own hands.
Now I was completely ashamed of my actions the previous night.
I closed my hand around it and noticed the painting on my wrist.
A hawk.
I knew I had to face him.
This might be a peace offering.
It might be my last chance.
I stood and walked into the main room, clutching the figure in my fist for courage.
Chevelle was not alone.
A statuesque elf with pitch-black hair and eyes rose as I came into view.
Not in the respectful ‘a lady entered the room’ way, but in a way that led me to believe he wasn’t happy to have me, or anyone, find him there.
He held a long staff, gripped so tightly his knuckles whitened, and he was dressed in casual traveling clothes that didn’t seem to fit his posture.
I found myself questioning whether it were a disguise, and then I chastised myself for wandering around in ridiculous thoughts so often.
They were watching me.
Cursed brain fog.
I stood there for a moment, unsure if I should leave the room after I had so obviously interrupted or pretend I had a mission and make my way to Ruby’s room.
I clearly wasn’t welcome there.
Neither spoke, so I lowered my gaze to the floor, taking the shortest route to Ruby’s door and closing it hastily behind me.
Chevelle spoke to his guest and I groaned internally, wishing I’d heard their low voices earlier.
Asher, as Chevelle had called the man, was apparently leaving.
It sounded as if Chevelle was trying to persuade him in some way, but the man was short and cold in his responses.
Quiet, too.
I imagined he didn’t want me to hear them.
Paranoia, my mind accused.
I heard the front door close as I flopped onto the bed, only to jolt upright when Ruby’s door opened a few seconds later.
It was Chevelle.
My courage was gone again.
He seemed to be waiting for me to speak.
I tried, “I’m sorry I interrupted…” He nodded, but I didn’t know if he was acknowledging my interruption or pardoning it.
He walked slowly toward the bed, glancing at Ruby’s things on the shelves and walls, and then sat on the bed beside me.
I forced myself to continue breathing and kept my gaze down, knowing a flush was coming.
He reached out and placed a hand under my chin, bringing my face up to meet his.
The flush that followed was not from embarrassment.
Heat flooded my neck, and I felt it might engulf me as he spoke my name.
“Frey.” “Yes.” It was all I could manage.
His eyes held mine and I could swear he was searching for something.
He opened his mouth to speak, but the door of the wardrobe flew open.
“Oh.” Ruby giggled the tiniest bit.
“Excuse me.
I didn’t mean to interrupt.” She seemed pleased she had.
Chevelle’s hand dropped and I could see out of the corner of my eye his face was hard.
Ruby continued, “Steed said you had a guest so I just used the back…” She trailed off when his stare didn’t soften, but she smiled.
“You know, you do have your own room.” He stiffened and stood, not at all amused by her implication.
Ruby began gathering things as she spoke, pretending she hadn’t noticed his attitude.
“So how did it go?” He relaxed a little but his mood didn’t rise in the least.
“We shall see.” “Indeed,” she purred.
“Indeed.” He didn’t look back at me as he left the room, simply directing Ruby to take me with her when she’d finished.
She seemed more than happy to comply and I was in no doubt we would be training again.
I slid the hawk sculpture into my pocket.
She hummed as she gathered, throwing a cloak at me in the process.
I tied it on and drew the hood up.
“Want me to carry anything?” She eyed me as if I was entirely absurd.
“Well, if you would like to, I can find something for you.” I glared at her back and she turned to grab my arm beneath the cloak, yanking me behind her as we left the house through her closet.
She replaced the cover that hid the entrance and snatched a quiver of arrows from the ground before pulling me forward again.
“What are those for?” I asked, indicating the arrows, afraid they would somehow be used in my training.
“They are arrows, Frey.” She was really on a roll today, a delightful mood.
I shook my head, certain that didn’t bode well for me, and she laughed.
“We are leaving them for Rhys and Rider to find.” “Are they poisoned?” “Yes.” I considered that.
“Did they use all the ones you prepared last night?” “You’re silly, Freya.
It’s fun.” The way she pronounced my name, like it was dear to her, made it harder to be angry with her.
But I made the effort.
“It’s not entirely my fault,” I huffed.
And then I was sorry I’d said anything.
I didn’t need to defend myself to her.
“I know,” she said, “but it’s still fun.” I wondered if she did know.
Like everyone before.
I pushed the thought from my head.
“I thought the dogs were their weapons of choice,” I said, cringing a bit as I remembered their demonstration.
“Wolves, Frey.
And they aren’t weapons.” “They don’t use them to attack?” She spoke like she was explaining to a child.
“Yes, the wolves attack.
But not as weapons.
Not by command of the elves.
The wolves attack who they want.
Protect who they want.” “They don’t control them?” “No, silly.
No one can control animals.” She cocked an eyebrow at me speculatively.
“But—” “Okay, well, sure, you can lead an animal.
You can turn your horse and guide him on the path, but that is simply pushing their heads and encouraging them with the click of your heels.
You can’t make them choose to take you; it just doesn’t work that way.
You can’t get into an animal’s mind and make them behave the way you want them to.” “But the dogs… wolves… follow them.
They had them do a demonstration and—” “No, Frey.
The wolves do not follow the elves.
The wolves protect them by choice.” “By choice?” “Yes.
And I have seen them tear an elf apart as quickly as defend them.” I shivered.
“Rhys and Rider were saved by the wolves once.
They think the animals understand.
They follow the wolves, you see.
That is why they are here.” We topped the ridge, jagged rock and loose dirt shifting beneath our feet, and Ruby dropped the quiver by the edge before climbing down with a deftness I had yet to master.
Steed, Anvil, and Grey greeted us before we resumed training.
I tried to keep my mind off the wolves, off the reason we were training, off the encounter with Chevelle, off all of the terrible things it kept returning to, and I was grateful for the fog that clouded my thoughts.
Though I wasn’t exactly winning matches, I was getting better.
The battering continued, and long days of constant fighting were making me tired.
We took a break and I leaned back on a rock, staring at the sky as I rested.
Chevelle walked me to the edge of a tall peak.
The rock mountain ended in a sheer cliff, straight down into haze.
He looked into my eyes like he saw something there, like he really knew me.
We gazed out over the cliff, at the horizon… endless.
I felt his hand on my back and closed my eyes, relaxing into the comfortable, familiar feel of it.
He pushed me with full force.
I flew off the cliff, falling straight down.
I stared back at him as he stood, watching me fall, nothing but open sky above and below.
I couldn’t imagine why he’d throw me from the cliff, couldn’t think of the magic to stop myself, couldn’t see when I would crash into the base, the rocks below.
My arms flailed as I jerked awake.
The group stared at me.
“Frey?” Ruby asked.
I grappled for breath.
“Just a dream.” A few chuckles moved through the crowd.
Ruby was more interested.
“What about?” I glanced at Chevelle, a few paces away.
He had the same concerned expression as they waited for my answer.
I only shook my head.
My chest still ached from panic.
I sat up and took a drink from the flagon.
Wine.
Didn’t anyone drink water anymore?
When Grey sat beside me, I tried to mask my surprise.
“Ruby a little hard on you?” he teased.
I smiled.
“She’s only trying to help, you know.” He spoke with tenderness and I recalled their touch nights ago.
I made an effort not to be too obvious about my real curiosity.
“You’ve known her long?” “Forever.” The way he gazed at her when he spoke left no doubt.
She noticed us watching her.
“Ready to get back to it, then?” I grimaced, struggling to my feet.
“Ruby, how long will the effects of the dust last?” “Depends.” It was the same answer she’d given me before.
I couldn’t decide if I was truly that out of it or if everyone thought it was funny to make me drag answers from them.
“On?” She laughed.
“Don’t worry.
The dreams will get better.” “They will get better or they will go away?” She laughed again.
“Depends.”
We were facing each other once more, ready to begin another round.
“Want to try a weapon?” I was pretty sure I didn’t, give how much the weaponless training hurt.
I procrastinated.
“Why use arrows if you have magic?” She had that ‘Frey, you’re an idiot’ look again.
“Magic uses more energy the farther away you try to focus it.
And it is less accurate.
And you are more visible.
And—” I held up a hand.
“All right, I have it.” She smiled.
“Any more questions or can we begin?” “Fine.
What sort of weapon did you have in mind?” Her smile widened.
Her hand stretched out to the side and a long, silver sword came from the pile of gear to land in her palm.
She righted it, twisting the blade for me to see.
My stomach dropped.
“There are a few things you need to remember when using a blade,” she instructed.
“First of all, always go for the fatal attack.
If you merely wound someone, well, someone with magic will use the last of their power to stop you.
Cut off their head or puncture the lung and heart.
Never mess around.” I imagined myself decapitating someone.
I laughed as I realized my mind placed Fannie there.
Ruby didn’t look like she could think of anything funny about what she’d said, but she continued.
“Secondly, don’t cut yourself.
These things are sharp.” She moved to toss the sword to me but reconsidered and handed it over, making sure I had a good grip.
There were intricate designs carved on the handle and runes etched in the blade.
It wasn’t as heavy as it appeared.
I moved it around a bit, slashing wide arcs though the chill air.
It was pleasant, nicely balanced in my hand.
That didn’t mean I could actually cut through someone’s neck, though.
“Ruby, how do you intend to teach me with this?
I mean if there’s no messing around, just lop your head off and all?” She laughed.
“Don’t worry, Frey.
I think I can handle you.” “I’ll do it.” Chevelle’s voice startled me.
I’d been absorbed in our conversation, unaware anyone was listening.
I glanced around and realized everyone had been listening.
It dawned on me what Chevelle had said as they all circled around to watch.
Ruby smiled at him, making me instantly suspicious she had set this up.
A long sword was already in his hand as he approached.
He raised it, expertly gripping the hilt with both hands.
My mouth went dry, a vague part of my brain only managing a weak, Uh-oh.
Fear rushed through me and I wrapped my fists around the hilt of my own sword, praying I could protect myself.
A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.
The metal clashed and I felt the shock vibrate through me even as the peal pulsed in my ears.
He struck again and I pulled the sword back, twisting to block another shot.
I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.
I smiled as I swung at him, sure he would stop me but reveling in being attacker instead of victim.
He wound his blade around mine, a metallic screech filling my ears as he knocked my strike aside before coming back at me.
We continued, blow after blow, the repetitive clank forming a pattern in my head.
Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.
I found I was as well.
I’d taken no direct beatings like my other training and I wasn’t getting as tired.
No magic.
I could see why they used weapons.
Chevelle pushed harder, assaulting me with faster and stronger swings.
I was able to defend myself if I focused.
Murmurs of approval floated in from our audience.
I enjoyed that more than I probably should have.
I concentrated hard and began throwing a few good hits of my own in with the blocks.
Our swords clashed repeatedly, neither of us hitting the mark.
I was certain he could have, but confident I was blocking well.
We continued until I became winded, then Chevelle lowered his blade, smiling with approval.
Our audience commented on the show, and I glanced around to see it was evening already, the sun beginning to set.
How long have we sparred?
I could feel the ache in my arms now.
The sword hung limp at my side.
Ruby took it from my hand.
“We’ll get you fitted with a sheath.” I stood there, facing Chevelle, breathless but grinning.
He was smiling appreciatively.
I realized we were still being watched and sheepishly turned from him to join the group as they prepared a fire for dinner.
The evening was filled with stories and laughter.
Chevelle’s eyes fell on me often; he seemed in better spirits in general, which made me wonder again about his morning guest.
Rhys and Rider approached and most of the group went over to meet them.
Steed moved to sit beside me.
“Very nice today, Frey,” he observed.
I smiled and he added, “You seem to be a natural.” I snorted.
Across the fire, Grey leaned over to speak in Ruby’s ear.
Steed noticed me scrutinize them, so I asked, “Are they… together?” I was confident in Grey’s affection, but they didn’t act like a traditional pair.
Steed sighed as we watched them.
“No.” There seemed to be more to his answer.
“But he…” I wasn’t sure how to phrase it.
“Yes.” Steed glanced back at me when he spoke.
“But you can’t always have the one you want, Frey.” His voice was soft, yearning.
I could never tell if he was teasing.
“I heard once you could die from grief.” He smiled at my subject change.
“It’s true.
I’ve seen it myself.” “Tell me about it.” “No, too sad.” He was thoughtful for a moment.
“I worried… about my father.” His eyes returned to me.
“After my mother died.
Sometimes I’m grateful for the fire witch’s seduction.
He was grieving so hard…” His expression lost all trace of its usual cockiness as he brought back the memory.
“Her enchantments numbed him.
Then, when he woke from them, the tragedy gave him purpose.” A shadow of his smile returned as he looked away.
“The irony is her tragedy gave root to the idea—” “Frey.” Chevelle was suddenly standing between us.
I gaped up at him, the trance of Steed’s words broken.
“Huh?” “Time to go.” There was anger in his voice.
I didn’t know what I had done, but I stood obediently.
Chevelle pulled me away from Steed.
“I’ll take her,” Ruby offered.
“No.
I’ll do it myself.” A lot of anger.
“We’ll both go,” she pushed, forcing a polite tone.
The rest of the group was quiet, watching us, and Ruby eyed Steed as we turned and headed toward the house.
As soon as we were out of earshot, though I was still being dragged by the arm, I asked Chevelle, “Did something happen with the twins?” Ruby laughed.
We both stared at her.
“Twins,” she scoffed.
“Right, well, you know what I mean,” I said, embarrassed.
Chevelle’s tone softened.
“No.
Everything is fine.” Ruby chimed in, “It is fine,” and I was knew it was intended for him.
He relaxed his grip on my arm and slowed our pace as he directed an almost imperceptible nod at Ruby.
I relaxed, too; fine being better than anything I’d thought in a long while.
Chevelle stayed in the front room that night, watching through the small windows.
When I closed my eyes, I could see the glint of swords making patterns as they crossed again and again.
Ruby’s hummed tune was sad, the sound drifting through the walls between us as I fell into an easy sleep.
Chevelle and Ruby’s voices, low and confrontational, woke me.
I rubbed my tired arms as I rose to join them in the front room.
“What’s going on?” I asked, though I could tell by their exchange they’d been arguing.
Ruby grinned at me.
“Just planning for the trip.” “Trip?” “Yes, you know, to the peak.” She was scheming.
“Oh.” I decided I’d let them work it out, heading instead to Ruby’s room.
“I’m going to take a bath.” As I closed the door, Ruby said, “It’s time to tell her.” I didn’t hear a response.
I was soaking in hot water, my eyes closed, not even considering getting out when she knocked on the door.
“What, Ruby?” She giggled.
“How did you know it was me?” No one else is that annoying.
“Can I come in?” “No.” The water streamed from the tub and out the back window.
I swore.
“Fine, I’m getting dressed.” I dried off, gathering clothes from a pile I assumed was for me, too large for Ruby’s petite frame.
I opened the door and knew right away I would regret whatever they were about to tell me.
Ruby commanded me to sit.
Chevelle straightened, clearing his throat.
“Frey, we need to talk with you about something.” Oh, perfect.
I waited, and he proceeded carefully, “You know you are bound.” “Yes,” I agreed, even though I wasn’t clear how I was partially bound.
I could use some magic, I had lost some memories.
No, that isn’t true, is it?
I couldn’t really remember anything from before the village.
Anything except the dreams.
“And I’m sure you want to be unbound?” Why is that a question?
“Of course.” He nodded as if he were going down a checklist.
“We know council has bound you.” I waited for the next detail, my fingers curling into my palms.
“And we know they must be the one or ones to unbind you.” Some part of me realized the seriousness of the conversation, but all I could do was listen.
“They are, obviously… unwilling.” The breath I drew was too sharp.
“I know some about the binding.
I’ve studied it.” When he stopped, I said, “All right.” I didn’t know what he was getting at.
“The problem is… meddling with the bindings, meddling with your mind is… well, it’s dangerous.” And there it was.
“Dangerous,” I repeated.
They let me consider that for a moment.
They were being careful with me, didn’t want to upset me.
I tried to ease them.
“So we go back to the village and…” They shared an uncomfortable glance, and then, “Not High Council, Freya.
Grand Council.” Oh, right.
The ones who were trying to capture me.
The ones who want to burn me.
Their cautious demeanor made more sense now.
The council had sent trackers—the pair Chevelle had choked and released, and the other, the broken, limp corpse in the clearing by the ridge.
We had killed him.
And they were worried about my stupid binding?
The circling cloaks from my dreams were back, filling my head.
My thoughts were twisting, getting out of control.
They’d be hunting us all down now.
They would kill us.
That was why I needed training.
To protect myself.
Because they intended to kill me, not capture.
They intended to kill us all.
And without magic, bound as I was, I didn’t stand a chance.
My anxiety must have shown; Ruby shifted her jaw.
“No.” I held up a hand up to stop her.
“No more dust.” I stood.
“Let’s just get back.
Back to training.” They didn’t argue, though they were plainly concerned.
We went to the ridge with the others, but we didn’t train.
In fact, I was fairly certain Ruby and Chevelle were avoiding me.
I waited through the morning and finally—around midday—I gave up and relaxed onto the ground, staring up at the sky.
The earth beneath me was warm, the sun shining bright.
I watched as a bird flew high overhead.
It was gliding, slow and steady on the wind.
As I shielded my eyes with a hand, I noticed the ink on my wrist and smiled.
I suddenly knew the soaring creature above was a hawk.
I closed my eyes and relaxed my arm at my side, imagining flying.
I breathed deep and conjured the image it would see, looking down on us.
The picture was sharp, even at this distance, but the colors weren’t as clear, and the outlying shapes not as defined.
I laughed at myself for adding that detail to my daydream, imagining a bird seeing differently.
My vision sailed over us, past the ridge, south.
I imagined seeing the twins, perched in two trees, watching.
Hardwood bows rested high on their backs.
The wolves were mostly concealed on the ground, vigilant.
One glanced up at me, at the bird.
Someone approaching, robe and tassels blowing in the cool breeze.
The second wolf looked forward.
He saw it, too, and abruptly pointed, calling out.
But the howl echoed in my own ears, not my imagination, and I jolted upright.
The field was in motion, rushing in response to the warning.
In seconds, they were set again, the same protective positions they had taken the last time.
The last time a tracker had found us.
It was all I could do to steady myself as the councilman was brought forward, because he was the same one from my vision.
I was in shock as he knelt, not under his own power, and was frozen there before us.
How could I have seen him?
Chevelle mumbled something and my ears began to ring, distracting me from bewilderment.
It was only a few stuttered heartbeats before recognition came.
“Stop!” I hissed.
All eyes turned to me, but I glared at Chevelle.
“Stop,” I repeated.
He understood.
My ears ceased ringing, my hearing cleared.
I stepped forward, the rage still fuming.
I felt like a fool for not realizing before.
He had been the cause of my hearing issues, and he was the one holding the tracker there.
Chevelle had bound the man from magic for questioning.
He had studied it, said he knew something about it.
I was furious, so much so that I forgot my own situation.
I approached the kneeling tracker, daring anyone to stop me.
“Tell me what you know about binding.” He didn’t answer, his jaw tight in defiance.
The sword sat in my newly acquired sheath and I drew it out, taking a peculiar sort of delight in the ssshk that sounded when the steel passed through.
The others watched me, silent and wary, but the tracker smirked.
He wasn’t afraid of a sword.
The last tracker hadn’t given at broken bones, not even before the threat of certain death.
I’d need something dreadful, a new tactic to convince him.
A tiny snake sunning on a nearby rock caught my eye and I smiled.
Some part of me knew what had happened before, had felt it.
I could do it again.
I slipped the tip of the sword down to the tracker’s leg, just above where his knee met the ground, and sliced his trousers up to the thigh to reveal bare skin.
Drawing the snake close with magic, I took it in my hand, its thin green body writhing over my left palm, the sword grasped in my right.
The prisoner watched me, almost smug.
It was a small snake, its white belly confirming it was nonvenomous, its frame no thicker than my pinkie, but it would do.
I slid the tip of the sword across the skin above the man’s knee, making a narrow incision.
His expression did change then, giving way to uncertainty.
I smiled at him as the sword tip rested against his leg.
In measured movements, I placed the snake on the base of the blade, letting it slide toward its mark.
I closed my eyes to relax, settle into the snake as I had the bird.
My knees buckled as I released too much and I had to back off, giving myself just enough to control it.
As it entered the wound, the tracker gasped and my smile stretched wickedly.
I wormed my way blindly up his leg, intent on getting the information I needed.
They’re getting closer.
They’ve found us a third time now.
They’ll kill us.
I wanted to free my mind, free my bonds.
They won’t take me.
Something about that last thought didn’t seem right, like it wasn’t mine, but I couldn’t follow it.
The tracker screamed; it had reached his thigh.
My eyes flicked open.
The body of the snake made a lump under the skin of the tracker’s leg.
His face was contorted in agony, but that wasn’t what had done it.
It was the fear.
He had cracked.
Chevelle released the tracker’s hand long enough for the man to scribble a few words of a spell, not allowing him to speak or cast magic.
He slumped after his surrender, confident the worst was over.
I reached the sword tip back to his leg and made another incision to release the snake.
It jerked and coiled free of the wound, flicking blood over the tracker’s pristine white robe.
Behind me, a low voice ordered, “Kill him.” I glanced down at the sword, still in my hand.
The sword I was supposed to take someone’s head off with.
I didn’t know who the order had been intended for, but it wasn’t me.
This man was going to die.
I knew he didn’t have more than a moment before their magic broke him.
They would take his life because he was after us.
After me.
I didn’t hesitate, just pulled my arm up and swung hard, backhand.
The blade cut clean and his head rolled backward, hitting the ground with a sickening thud.
I looked away.
The others stared at me.
I couldn’t blame them.
Steed’s voice was low, wary.
“He didn’t mean you, Frey.” I turned, unable to stand the bloody vision in my peripheral.
The tracker’s words waited in Chevelle’s hand.
“Okay,” I said, feeling slightly detached from myself.
“Let’s try it.” Chevelle’s disbelief was more than evident as he shot back, “No.” Ruby spoke up.
“It could be a trick.
He’ll need to try it on someone else first.” Someone else?
Who else was bound?
She could see I was prepared to argue.
“It isn’t safe.” “And if it doesn’t work?” She didn’t answer.
I remembered the story of her father then, how he’d been released after the fairy’s death.
I faced Chevelle.
“If the council member who bound me dies, then will I be released?” He plainly regretted what he’d divulged that morning, but something else rested just below his reluctance.
Something hopeful.
Something that burned beneath my skin.
He answered, “Yes.” “Then we kill them.” And if we don’t know which ones?
“We kill them all.” I glanced around the clearing as the others watched me.
The atmosphere had changed, and I realized only then the uncertainty I’d grown to expect.
This was different.
This was reverence.
Anvil smiled.
A movement at the tree line caught everyone’s attention, and I turned to find Chevelle’s onetime guest, Asher.
He stood in the shadows, staff in hand, as if allowing us to see.
The air was still as he inclined his head toward Chevelle and then turned, a long, dark braid whipping behind him as he disappeared into the brush.
This seemed to mean something to the group, something like relief.
I stared after him, but Anvil stepped forward, thumping his balled fist against his chest in a gesture I didn’t understand.
Grey followed, repeating the action and adding a single nod, and Ruby clasped her hands, bouncing excitedly from heel to toe.
I felt myself drawing back together, tied by the knots in my stomach and mind.
A tandem wolf howl sounded in the distance.
My stomach swam in unease.
Chapter Thirteen Diary
The councilman’s body was disposed of, and the group bustled around the clearing.
I slid my sword into its sheath, careful not to touch the blade.
I hadn’t comprehended what the flourish of activity meant until Ruby grabbed my arm to conduct me.
“Come on, we have to pack.” She dragged me along as she rushed back to her house.
She threw things around her room, sorting and gathering.
I didn’t really have anything to assemble.
There was only the pack I’d acquired months ago, nothing in it but that stupid white dress and the pouch… The pouch.
I hurried from the room, explaining to Ruby I would be getting ready for the trip.
“I already put your pack in the front room for Chevelle.” “I’ll just check it,” I said.
“Thanks.” I found the pack with some of Chevelle’s things.
As I started to open it, I knocked one of his bags over and went to pick it up.
The flap was loose and a piece of familiar fabric hung out.
I glanced over my shoulder to be sure Ruby wasn’t watching, and opened the bag to find the fabric-wrapped package she’d handed to Chevelle our first day here.
The package he’d traded my stone for.
I pulled the material back to reveal a leather-bound book.
Afraid Ruby would catch me, I slid the book into my own pack and took it to my room.
I’d already been in trouble for stealing one book but this was technically mine.
It had been swapped for my ruby.
I was careful anyway, pretending to lie down and placing the book where I could quickly cover it if I were caught.
I ran my fingers over the dark leather cover, tracing the scripted V etched there.
Vattier?
The first pages had been torn from the bindings so I flipped through, finding several more damaged sections, some torn, some by water.
I sighed.
Wasn’t that the way of things?
I returned to the first page to read.
Today was the solstice celebration for the fairies.
They are such fools.
They got hopped up on dust and raided the castle.
We had to kill about six of them before they sobered up enough to reason with.
That was before Father killed two more just for fun.
He said he had to prove a point, but I could tell he enjoyed it.
I straightened and blinked.
What is this?
I shook my head and continued.
My stupid sister was mad because he didn’t let her help.
She started to throw a tantrum and he stiffened her tongue.
It was stuck like that for hours.
I laughed so hard I kept having to wipe the tears from my eyes.
She tried to yell at me and it came out, “Thut uhp!
Thop iht!” Which made me laugh harder, and she got so mad she screamed and busted a bunch of glass.
I kept reading, enthralled.
It seemed to be a journal, written by a girl, but I had no idea who.
Chevelle’s family?
Why would he have a young girl’s diary?
It was filled with pointless stories as far as I could tell, but after a few pages the writing matured and it seemed to jump several years.
I wished it was dated.
I tire so easily of the formalities here.
The only thing I have to look forward to are the few breaks I get to go out on my own, into the pines.
Father has increased my work periods to every other day.
Combined with my other duties, I am stationed in the castle almost all week.
The magic practice exhausts me or I would sneak out at night, the way I enjoyed as a child.
It doesn’t seem fair.
My sister is practically ignored.
Father clearly prefers me, but sometimes I wonder if that is really better.
She wanders idly around the castle, no practice, no duties, no formal gatherings.
Magic practice, castles, who was this girl?
I read the entries for hours.
Ruby must have thought I was sleeping.
I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.
It continued on—her father’s rigorous schedule, their distaste for her sister—and then the entries got more detailed and frequent.
Mother has been too ill lately for guests.
I have not been able to see her.
The tedium of my duties is getting to me and Father has been relentless with my studies, pushing me harder and harder to strengthen my control.
My sister has been exploring the mountains.
I see her bring in all sorts of interesting finds, but she refuses to tell me where she got them.
I wish there were a way to sneak out.
I would follow her or force her to show me, but Father is keeping a close eye on me, making certain I stick to a strict schedule.
This morning he brought in a detailed list for Rune, giving him direction through a series of tasks.
Rune is supposed to grade me on them, see which I excel most at so they can pick a specific field to concentrate on.
I don’t know how extensive it was, but I saw ‘wind,’ ‘water,’ ‘growth,’ ‘transfer,’ ‘fire,’ and ‘foresight’ written as it passed between them.
We had already done months of fire.
Pass it through water, see how large a flame I can create, see how hot I can go, test me on this, test me on that.
And now he asks Rune to test me in the impossible, to see the future.
He expects too much.
Merely because I am different.
My sister is different, too.
But she never has to practice.
He doesn’t expect her to stay in the castle, not even when we have guests.
No doubt he prefers her not be seen then, embarrassed by her light hair and features.
It is infuriating!
I wish I were as strong as he hoped.
I could do what I wanted then.
~ I attempted slipping in to see Mother this morning, but the doors were protected.
Father found me trying to break though and sent me directly to Rune for practice.
At least I got out of my duties in the throne room.
We started with water.
I was so exhausted I had to sleep through most of the afternoon before they brought me back to work again in the evening.
Every muscle in my body throbs.
I think I hate Rune.
~ A servant brought a letter to my room this morning.
It was from my father, informing me I’m to prepare for a banquet.
I’ve put on my formal attire.
I wonder what sort of tricks he’ll want me to perform for our guests.
How will he display my talents this time?
I understand he needs to show strength in his position, but it seems as if he’s being a bit obvious.
‘Look at my freak of nature.
See what she can do?’ I’ll be too tired for anything but sleep tonight or I’d try sneaking out when he was occupied with visitors.
Maybe he’ll give me a break from training tomorrow.
~ Father hasn’t left his room this morning.
No one has seen him since the conclusion of the festivities.
My sister has sealed herself in her room.
No one will tell me what has occurred.
~ Late last night, a servant brought a note from my father.
It was four words long… ‘Your mother has passed.’ I am still in my room.
I guess I am waiting.
I don’t know what will happen.
I heard a noise in the front room and slid the book under a pillow, dropped my head, and pretended to sleep.
I’d been so absorbed in the book I had no idea how long I’d been reading.
There was a light rap on my door.
I tried to sound sleepy.
“Yes?” “Frey, I’m on my way to the ridge.
We will be leaving in the morning.” Ruby’s words confused me.
I must have read through the night.
“Okay.” “Steed is here.
You can stay with him or go with me.” “I’ll stay.” I listened to her footsteps recede.
When I was sure she was gone I slipped the book into my pack and hid it inside the material of the white gown.
We would be leaving tomorrow, traveling to the peak.
I laughed to myself—no matter how many times I said it, I had no clue what it meant.
But now there was an urgency.
No matter if it held safety, no matter if it held my family secrets, it held my escape from the bonds.
It held my only chance.
I hadn’t slept, and I knew I would have to sneak a nap in at some point, but I had priorities.
It might be my last opportunity for a real bath.
And lovely soaps.
I sat with Steed for a while after I’d bathed.
He was reclined on the bench, his feet propped on a low table.
He didn’t seem as excited as Ruby had been about our coming trip, so I asked him about it.
“I’m just riding the wind, Frey.” “Oh, so you don’t know where we’re going either?” He laughed.
“No, I know where we are going.
It’s only that I don’t know where we’ll end up.” I didn’t know what was going to happen either.
I thought of the tracker and realized what a good distraction the book had been.
“Steed?” “Frey?” I smiled but it fell away quickly.
“How will we get to council?
I mean, how do we find them?” He wasn’t smiling anymore either.
“Well, there’s a good chance they’ll be looking for us.” Of course, and they would all come together.
It was clear we were too strong for one or two, they would need to attack as a group.
Or pick us off one by one.
I wondered how large their force was.
“Frey?” “Steed?” It wasn’t as funny this time.
“How did you do it?” I raised my brow, unsure what he was asking.
“The snake,” he clarified.
“Oh.
I… I don’t know.” “Was it transfer magic?
Did you simply push it there?” I didn’t know how I’d controlled it, but it wasn’t from the outside.
Should I tell him?
“How else?” I asked innocently.
He nodded.
“Some of the others, well, they seem to think you encouraged the snake to go under its own power.
Silly, I know.” He was watching my response.
I tried sidetracking him.
“Ruby says no one can control animals.” “You’ve been talking to Ruby about it?” Oops.
“Well, Ruby just talks.” “Mm-hm.” “So, some of the others… who, exactly?” He smirked.
I’d given too much away.
“You couldn’t tell by the way they looked at you in the clearing?” I had noticed.
Anvil, Grey.
It brought back a memory.
“Who was the old guy with the stick?” “Staff.” “Staff.” I waited.
“Shouldn’t you be preparing for the trip?” “Shouldn’t you?” I countered.
“I am babysitting.” I stuck my tongue out at him.
Tired, I settled back into my seat.
“Steed, tell me about breeding horses.” He sighed.
“How much detail do you want?” I giggled.
He smiled as he started into the subject, explaining what he’d been taught about breeding techniques and dominant traits when he was young.
His father had imparted to him all he had learned in his lifetime and all their ancestors had passed down before.
They bred the animals methodically, striving to combine certain traits, bring them together in a single horse.
With each generation, they strengthened the line, even bringing in new breeds from other lands to add to the list of desired attributes.
Smoother gait, better endurance, stronger health, longer life.
I faded off somewhere during the part about bloodlines.
I woke late in the evening when Ruby switched places with Steed.
She had brought some meat back with her and we supped together before I headed off to bed.
Ruby didn’t question why I would be sleeping again so soon.
She was busy being excited about her upcoming trip.
I didn’t share her enthusiasm, so I retired to my room and read more of the journal.
There were many sad passages after the passing of the writer’s mother, though their bond didn’t seem traditional.
It seemed more… formal.
And there were many complaints about the additional workload, both with the castle duties—which were described in more detail—and her training.
I couldn’t be sure how much time had passed without the entries being dated, but her mood had definitely shifted.
Father has been merciless in my practice and testing with Rune.
Unrelenting sessions are wearing on me.
I can barely concentrate.
I don’t have the energy for the simplest tasks, let alone the new and wild trials he’s created.
He thinks he has to test every possible idea he has or else he won’t know what I might be capable of.
He’s gone much more often lately, but Rune doesn’t let up in his absence.
I wish there was a way to handle him, some way he’d give me a break when Father was away.
I can think of nothing short of begging, and that would only result in punishment.
Sometimes, when Father’s away, I remember my mother.
I try to see her room, but it is sealed.
I am sorry that I destroyed the only thing I had of her, this insignificant journal—tore her pages out and tossed them away to make it my own, like a silly child.
I remember most of it, though I can’t recall the tone of her writings, whether she was happy in the beginning.
My father’s indiscretion was no secret.
The entire kingdom knew of his notorious action, stealing a light elf for his bride, though the stories vary.
Some insist he was overtaken by love and she came willingly.
Others that he raided her village and took her in the night.
A servant once told me he heard of her extraordinary powers and beauty and sought her out, bargaining with her parents.
I scoffed at that.
What kind of person would trade their child?
But now that I am older, I see.
I see what power and greed can become.
My doubts about the more outlandish stories, those about the obsession with power and ideas of breeding a stronger line, are gone.
But maybe they were in love.
Maybe she was impressed by his station, maybe she had her own ambitions.
Or maybe she lived a nightmare and only hung on so long for her children.
I was able to piece together some things about her life.
She didn’t go into much detail about the magic, which I would have found useful, just that she practiced often and was apparently unusually talented.
But she did tell more about her duties in the castle.
Her father must have ruled a vast kingdom.
And she was his second.
I heard someone in the front room and knew I had read through the night again.
I hurriedly slipped the book into my pack and pretended to sleep.
Ruby was waking me minutes later to head out to the ridge.
Chapter Fourteen Traveling
The group was waiting for us when we crossed over the ridge, down to the site where we had spent so many days and nights.
If I hadn’t been so exhausted from lack of sleep, I would have probably been nervous.
As it was, I blindly followed Ruby as we gathered and eventually mounted to leave.
Chevelle, Steed, and I were back on our mounts from the earlier leg of the journey.
Ruby, Grey, and Anvil each rode their own black horses, though Anvil’s was larger—I assumed to accommodate his massive frame—and Ruby’s was decorated, tendrils of red and gold in his mane.
Though it wasn’t unusual, I didn’t see Rhys and Rider or the wolves.
I wondered if they had their own horses and preferred to stay out of sight or if they ran with the wolves.
I felt slightly comforted either way.
Once we were on our way, I didn’t mind so much.
I was enjoying being back in the rhythm of the ride, not to mention the break from training.
Conversation flowed easily as we made our way farther up the mountain.
I had been thinking about my discussion with Steed, but hadn’t decided how to respond if I were asked again about the incident in the clearing, about controlling the snake.
No one knew about the hawk and I wasn’t sure how I had done it to begin with, so I couldn’t exactly explain it.
It would have been like explaining how to wiggle your ears to someone who wasn’t able.
But it had been easy for me, much easier than fire even.
I drew my cloak tighter around my shoulders and yawned as I considered my horse.
I’d had so much trouble learning to control him, trying to push him from the outside.
Falling back from the group only enough not to gain notice, I tried to settle into his mind as I had the snake and the hawk.
I closed my eyes, trusting him to avoid running into anything, though a low limb was the more likely problem.
It was more difficult and… different.
I was there though, leading him and seeing what he saw.
It felt odd, uncomfortable, not like the hawk.
The feeling reminded me of something and I drew back, opening my eyes to focus on remembering.
The small gray bird on the lip of the library window.
For a fraction of a second I had been there, in that bird before I dropped it.
I hadn’t realized.
The moment had seemed insignificant in the course of things.
I laughed at myself as it dawned on me that I probably could have simply made it stop singing.
And the frog that had exploded on my white gown—I had been there for a mere instant.
Their minds were so small, so simple, it was like nothing.
The horse was different.
It was watching for predators, concentrating on the path, its steps, carrying a load.
I tried to find another animal to experiment on.
Our group wasn’t exactly small or quiet, so I was sure we’d scared most of the larger animals off.
I wondered if I could figure out a way to locate them without seeing where they were first.
I thought of the wolves.
If I had an animal trained, I could call it to me to use at my leisure.
I had no idea where they were now.
Besides, the thought of entering those massive, vicious-looking animals made me uneasy.
Maybe I could get in on the hunt tonight, find something away from the clatter of rocks under horse hooves.
At the lack of options, I closed my eyes again to fall into Steed’s horse.
It felt similar to my own, though I could tell he had more power, more confidence.
I pulled back and experimented with each of the other horses.
Anvil’s seemed slower, fatigued.
The others were about the same, though I noticed Chevelle’s horse was more skittish.
I was sure Steed had done that on purpose.
“Frey?” Ruby was talking to me.
I pretended I’d been alert.
“Yeah?” I hadn’t fooled her.
“Doing okay?” “Uh-huh.” I decided to take the opportunity; I had a dozen questions since reading the diary.
“Hey, Ruby, are there any castles around here?” The caravan stopped as everyone turned to stare at me.
I had no idea what I’d said wrong.
I must have given away the fact that I had no clue where I was.
It wasn’t my fault.
I’d never left the village.
I didn’t know anything about anything.
She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
I was sure they were waiting for something.
“Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?
Shut up, Frey, shut up!
They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.
I thought I knew what they were thinking.
Idiot.
Ruby answered, “Hmm,” with a cocked eyebrow as she turned to follow the group.
They were mostly silent the rest of the day, until we stopped for the night.
The group split after dinner as Anvil and Grey positioned themselves on rocks at the perimeter of our camp.
Ruby hung out by Grey and Steed busied himself as Chevelle paced stiffly around the camp.
I was bored again, with everyone entertaining themselves, so I leaned back against a rock and pulled my pack to my lap.
I wrapped my cloak loosely around me and positioned my legs so I could place the book there and, hopefully, not be found out.
I wondered how many more days of traveling we’d have.
I didn’t see a peak—didn’t even know if we were going to the peak of the mountain we were on—but I was too cowardly to ask, to think about what had happened, so I distracted myself in the journal.
My sister hasn’t spoken to me since our mother passed.
I wish she was… different.
Not merely a different personality, but different altogether.
I can remember the stories in my mother’s journal about her own sister.
They were so close.
That was, of course, until my father.
But I suppose my sister might be different as well, if not for him.
He’s taking a journey, they tell me.
He’ll be gone a long time.
I’ll be here alone, except for Rune.
He’s to continue my practice.
Chevelle approached during his pacing and I slid the book into my pack, pretending to examine the beading on the material of the dress.
This seemed to disturb him.
He avoided pacing near me the rest of the evening, throwing me odd glances now and again.
I shrugged it off and went back to reading.
Father has been gone for weeks.
Rumor is he’s searching for a new mate.
Someone unique, someone powerful, I’m sure.
I can’t stand it anymore.
He thinks I’ll sit here and exhaust myself practicing while he’s out running around.
All the servants are gossiping and I know nothing.
I have had it.
Mother’s room remains sealed, but I was able to obtain some of her things from Father’s study.
I am only to use them under Rune’s supervision, so I took the books out and returned to my room with them in secret last night.
I have scoured through them and though I don’t know all the words of the spell exactly, I think I’ve found a way to escape.
I’ll have to practice on a servant first.
Practice on a servant.
That brought back something Ruby had said.
Chevelle would have to practice the unbinding spell on someone else first.
Would he use one of our group?
And if the spell went wrong?
I tested the spell on Rain last night.
I’m not sure what went amiss, but she convulsed for hours before she fell into a sleep.
She finally rose late this morning, but she couldn’t remember who she was and she kept scratching at her face until it bled.
At least she’ll not be able to tell anyone I did it.
I’ll have to catch another servant tonight.
No, I had a feeling he’d not be using one of our group.
I was starting to get sleepy, but didn’t want to put the book down.
This one worked.
Dree’s nose bled for the first few minutes but after that she slept soundly and woke just before noon not knowing she had missed anything.
Tomorrow, I try it on my watcher.
Watcher.
I fell asleep with her words in my thoughts.
My imagination had filled in all the blanks, let the fear I’d been suppressing creep in, take over.
It turned her words into my nightmares.
Watchers and trackers, tassels and robes, Chevelle’s furious gaze as he pushed me from the cliff again.
Chevelle.
My watcher.
“Frey.” Ruby woke me at dawn, urging me to stand for a few moments before we were back on the horses.
I was exhausted again, so I hung back from the group as we rode.
Steed slowed to ride with me as I watched Ruby and Grey banter ahead.
“Steed, why aren’t they together?” He sighed; I didn’t think he enjoyed discussing his sister’s personal life.
“Ruby.
She doesn’t believe she can get close to anyone… that way.” I considered the way she was with me, as if she wanted us to be friends, the way she touched Steed, sat near him.
“Why?” “Past experiences.” Yes, she’d killed her mother.
And how many others?
What had she said, until a pattern became noticeable?
I shivered at the thought.
“Poison.” He nodded in silent acknowledgement.
“In the village, some of the elves never paired up.” I thought of Junnie’s family.
“But I guess most of those had received the calling.” Grey scoffed ahead of us.
I hadn’t realized he could hear us.
I was embarrassed, but couldn’t stop myself.
“What?” His horse slowed to fall in with ours as he spoke.
“The calling?” I didn’t understand.
It had been a thing of honor, but he spoke of it as if it were a joke.
“Do you really believe such nonsense?” “What nonsense?
It isn’t real?” He let out a harsh laugh and I jerked back.
“Oh, I suppose it’s real.
The service is real.
Honestly, Freya, don’t you see?” “See what?” I cursed my bound brain.
“Grand Council.” I drew a sharp breath at the words.
“The calling is simply service to Grand Council.
A hundred years of servitude under the guise of duty and honor.
What is honorable about doing their bidding?” “So you don’t… answer the call?” I stumbled, searching for words.
His laughter was a roar.
“No.
We do not answer.” It settled and he added, “They do not call.” At that, Steed joined in, chuckling.
It didn’t make sense.
I knew I had been assigned a watcher.
From the North.
“No one?” I asked.
“No.
Council does not attempt to rule the North.” I considered that, considered my watcher.
He was a volunteer.
I seethed for a moment, but flashes of my mother and council cloaks flooded my thoughts and I had to block them.
“So the North… has no council at all?” His answer was uncomfortable.
“No.
No council.” He paused while he formed the rest of his reply.
Steed watched him, intent.
“We are… unruled.” “Unruly,” Steed added with a laugh.
“You’ve never had a council?” Grey shook his head.
“No rulers?” He gave Steed a sidelong glance.
“Not anymore.” I could tell he intended to end the conversation with that but it only made me more curious.
I was tired of always having to make everyone spell things out for me.
“No council ever.
No rulers… anymore?
So what then?” Steed flinched at my tone, but didn’t answer.
“Frey,” Chevelle called from the front of the line.
I glared at him.
“Time to resume your training.” They had me work with Anvil, trying to anticipate when he was preparing to send a small current of electricity toward me.
Which meant I spent the day getting shocked.
I was grateful when we finally stopped to make camp.
I was afraid they would resume training after dinner, so I found a place off by myself and pretended to rest as I went back to reading the diary.
Today was exhilarating.
For the first time in I don’t know how long, I was out of the castle.
Free from practice, free from duties, free from walls.
Though tricky to set up, the spell worked on Rune.
I showed up at practice early and whispered the words in case something went wrong and he heard.
I can’t imagine what my punishment would have been, though it might have been worth it.
He fell asleep quickly and I ran as fast as I could, my pulse pounding with excitement.
I spent the entire day away from the castle.
Without the drain of practice, I was thrilling with energy.
I could feel the trees, the mountain.
I hope Father never comes back!
I am sure I will try again tomorrow and every day I can spare after that.
~ Rune was completely unaware of any foul play yesterday, so I had full confidence in the spell this morning.
Not that I wouldn’t have attempted it again anyway, but at least I know I’m safer now.
No worries when I’m out of the castle.
My sister is out every day but I can never seem to find her.
She keeps bringing back the strangest treasures.
I have run for two days now.
I think tomorrow I will follow her.
She refuses to tell me where she goes, neither under threat nor for a bribe, so I’ll have to use stealth.
~ Today was brilliant.
I left a sleeping Rune just in time to find my sister sneaking from the castle.
I followed her all the way to her secret spot.
It took us half the day to get there, but it was worth it.
It’s so far away from any kind of traffic, I have no idea how she even discovered it.
Nestled in a patch of trees outside the forest was some sort of camp.
I watched her at first.
She scoured the area searching through the things she found there.
But I couldn’t observe for long.
I revealed myself and inquired about her previous finds and all the questions that were plaguing me.
She was furious!
She screamed and cursed and fumed.
She was no help with my queries so I was forced to look around myself.
Whatever had been there lived a little like the imps.
And there were imp tracks there, but it appeared only one.
A massive numbers of bowls and jars littered the camp.
I have no idea who would need so many.
The fairies like containers, but not of this crude sort—the craftsmanship was almost that of a troll.
I tried to stay on the opposite side of the camp from my sister’s wrath, but I found tracks and had to follow them near her, stirring up another fit of rage.
The prints were shoed, about the size of elves, but the treads were irregular.
Whatever stayed here, there were a lot of them.
Near the center of the camp the ground was beat down with tracks, circling a ring of stones.
I found remnants inside, and ashes.
A crude fire pit.
Around that, several feet out, were various logs, I assumed for sitting around the pit for warmth.
A few huts were situated about the camp but their construction was unlike anything I’d seen before, very poorly built.
I ducked inside one and was shocked to see it was full of possessions.
Clothing, bedding, so much left behind.
I had thought they’d departed suddenly, but I was confident then that it was not of their choosing.
I went back outside and examined the tracks again.
I followed the imp’s this time and found my answer.
Outside of the camp, I uncovered blood and drag marks.
The imp had killed what appeared to be three of the camp’s inhabitants and dragged them off, likely by stringer and tow.
Whatever was there had run away because of the attack, and recently.
I questioned my sister again—she’d had some time to cool down—but she was no help.
I immediately knew she had not even considered that whatever she had been so interested in was still out here, probably close.
I didn’t clue her in.
After a little more time there, I acted as if I’d lost interest and headed home.
Tomorrow, I will follow the tracks.
I will find whoever was there and solve the mystery of their rudimentary tools and strange huts.
I yawned.
After a quick glance around, I slid the book back into my pack.
I rolled over and fell asleep listening to Ruby’s quiet tune.
The next morning, the group seemed in unusually high spirits.
I had no idea why the mood had shifted, but I enjoyed the laughter and joking anyway.
We rode past a waterfall, the roar of water making me curious.
I figured Ruby was my best bet.
Chevelle gave me no answers and though hers were sometimes cryptic, I knew she’d been reading books on magic.
“Ruby, is there a way to harness the power of things… like that waterfall?” Grey glanced at me.
The look of concern for my intelligence was not exactly uncommon, but it was something I could never quite get used to.
“Not that I know of,” she said.
She got her mischievous grin then.
“Though I did read once that there was a way to steal life force and use it for yourself.” Chevelle shot her a stern rebuke from the front of the pack.
She continued as if excusing herself, “But it was merely a fairy’s tale and probably not entirely accurate.” Then, in a lower voice, “It is fun to speculate, though.” I wiped at my cheek to clear the dampness from the mist, mirroring her low tone as I questioned her.
“How would you steal life force?” “Well, like I said, probably not accurate… but you would have to take the other’s life in order to gain their power.
Take it in a specific manner.” She noticed Chevelle glaring at her and clamped her mouth shut.
I waited until he turned back around before I whispered, “Ruby, did you bring the magic book with you?” She smiled.
“Can I read it?” She winked at me.
I started to share her grin, but before I could, Chevelle was in front of us, his horse blocking my way.
I was almost thrown from my saddle when we stopped to avoid running into him.
He was angry again.
“Frey.” “What?” “Do you remember the last time you used a spell?” I recalled the smell of burning flesh as the maps cut into my palms.
“Yes,” I muttered, defeated.
The look he gave Ruby was clear.
There would be no magic study for me.
But I did know she had it.
Maybe I’ll be able to steal it… Lost in thought, I began to fall behind the group.
The higher we rose up the mountain, the more treacherous the jagged rock became.
I felt every step, holding tight as the horse’s hooves slipped and jumped.
The haze thickened, keeping the view both ahead and behind close.
It gathered in my hair, leaving it a matted mess with the single braid—Ruby’s handiwork—dripping condensation over the shoulder of my cloak.
I decided to practice as we rode, closing my eyes to sink partially into my horse, still alert to my own self and the outside world.
It was there, leading my horse and seeing through his eyes, that the pain struck.
It came on instantaneously, hitting me like a blade, cutting, shearing.
It was accompanied by sharpness of sound as well.
My ears were in excruciating pain.
The horse dropped, his head smacked to the ground and I watched through his eyes as he hit.
The animal’s senses stilled, not panicked as my own.
I didn’t understand what was happening, couldn’t quite form a thought.
I yearned to retreat into the horse, run from the agony, but the severity of it tore me back and kept me there in my own head.
It felt and sounded like metal bands inside my mind, inside my ears, screeching.
I hadn’t opened my eyes again and now I couldn’t.
I couldn’t find my body; I wanted to bring my hands to my head, cover my ears.
But I couldn’t feel anything aside from the pain in my mind.
I focused all of my energy on finding some feeling somewhere and finally, though the terror was unrelenting, I felt my body again, knew it was there.
It still didn’t respond, but I knew I hadn’t fallen with the horse.
Something had caught me.
Not the ground, not a rock.
Someone was carrying me.
The horror must have stretched time, making the few seconds seem like minutes.
I struggled to bring myself back.
I could hear nothing but a piercing squall.
I willed my eyes open, though only a fraction.
I was looking at the back of a horse from my position slung over someone’s shoulder.
My eyes closed once more as the pain doubled and I lost my body for a moment.
I concentrated until I got it back and then realized I was bouncing.
I worked my eyes again, using every ounce of control I had left.
I was on a horse, running.
Not my own.
Chevelle was holding me in front of him, my body limp and useless.
I fought to focus on more but was overtaken by pain.
We were running away?
I could control nothing but my mind, and that just barely.
As my eyes closed again, I reached out and found my horse as he lay motionless on the ground, my Steed.
He wasn’t dead.
I asked him to stand and tried to impress upon him to follow.
I hoped it had worked as I faded into blackness.
Chapter Fifteen Fortress
My mind regained consciousness very slowly.
I was hit with blurry images first, sights and scenes that melded into hazy dreams.
Eventually they became clearer, though they didn’t make much sense.
After a time it occurred to me the problem was the images were mixing with the wrong sounds… real sounds.
Panicked sounds.
I thought I recognized Chevelle’s voice and tried to focus on it, to understand the agony.
“Frey,” he said, and something brushed my cheek, warm and feather light.
The distant impression that it might have been the brush of lips had me drawing in a sharp breath, and I coughed, gasping to fill my lungs.
The air shifted as those surrounding me moved in response.
I forced my eyes open and found Ruby, Steed, and Chevelle.
They looked for a moment as if they were suffering my pain… and then I realized the pain was gone, the siren was silenced.
My breathing steadied, the fear abating, and their faces relaxed.
Relief washed their expressions, but their postures remained stiff, alert.
I pushed up to find the source of the danger and dizziness incapacitated me.
They rushed to kneel beside me and I could see that was how they had been before my gasp had moved them to standing.
My throat was too raw to speak, so Chevelle gave me a canteen.
I would have taken anything, but I was glad it was water, not hot wine or that foul-tasting elixir.
“What happened?” I finally choked out, but they were tight-lipped.
“How do you feel?” Chevelle asked.
His tone was off, a little shaky.
I couldn’t tell if he was cross or something else.
There was something so familiar about him, the way he leaned over me, but my thoughts weren’t working right yet.
I tried to clear my head before answering.
“I don’t know.” It was the best I could do.
“Are you hurt?” “No.” He glanced at my hands, wrapped tightly around the neck of the container, and then back at me.
“Do you know who I am?” Something about that was funny and I laughed, but it came out hoarse.
He looked torn as he posed the next question, tentative.
“Can you tell me your name?” I wondered how bad I was messed up for him to approach me with this line of questioning.
“Frey.” “Your full name?” I rolled my eyes, and then wished I hadn’t as the room spun.
I pressed a hand to my temple, reciting, “Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia.” They all drew in a deep breath.
“What?” Chevelle’s sigh seemed to have let the air out of him.
His fingers rested on the edge of the cloak beneath me.
“Are you in pain?” “No.
Not anymore.” He nodded.
“What do you remember?” “I was—” I faltered.
I didn’t know why, but I felt protective of this secret.
I didn’t want to tell anyone I was in my horse’s mind.
I started again, aware of my annoyed tone.
“I don’t know.
I was just following you guys and then wham!” That pretty much summed it up.
“Just pain and screeching.” Ruby and Steed bolted to their feet as someone came in, but it was only Grey.
“What is it?” Chevelle said, still kneeling over me.
Grey hesitated, rubbed a palm awkwardly over the woven material of his shirt.
“A horse is at the door.” Chevelle glanced at me, I hoped he didn’t see my smile.
I knew it was my Steed.
Grey waited.
“Well, should I let him in?” Chevelle nodded once and Grey left as quickly as he’d entered.
And then I realized he’d walked through a door.
I glanced around, confused about where I was.
Gray stone walls surrounded us, but I’d been staring at an open sky, nothing but the cloak between my prone form and the cold earth.
“Where are we?” “Fort Stone,” Steed answered.
I snickered and Chevelle’s irritation resurfaced.
I didn’t know if it was for me or Steed.
“Fort Stone?” I asked anyway.
“Named for Lord Stone,” Steed explained.
Chevelle’s gaze caught the other man, leaving no question as to the source of his crossness.
“A lord?” I tried not to sound too impressed as I took another look around, reassessing the walls.
I wondered how old it was.
Chevelle stood, directing Ruby to stay with me until he returned.
Steed followed him without another word.
Ruby must have known I was curious.
Or she just wanted to talk.
It was hard to tell with Ruby.
“It’s been abandoned for centuries,” she offered, making me a bed as she recounted ancient stories.
She helped me move onto the blankets, the dizziness improved but my muscles weak and drained.
I asked, “Why are we here?” She twisted her mouth to the side, considering her answer.
“We were in need of shelter after your… episode.
It was close enough to work.
Are you cold?” she asked, tucking me under a blanket.
“I’ll get it,” I said, waving my hand to form a fire beside us.
Nothing happened.
The vertigo was almost gone now; I was feeling close to normal, just a bit fuzzy.
I tried once more, but it would not light.
I pressed down the panic as I concentrated on pulling the burn together.
But nothing happened.
I sat up, holding both hands in front of me, palms up, as I focused on lighting a flame, any flame.
Nothing.
I reached out to move a rock from the floor.
It didn’t budge.
I concentrated on a pebble beside me.
It didn’t shift in the least.
“Ruby?
It doesn’t work.” I held my hands in front of me, helpless.
Panic was taking me when she laid a hand on my shoulder and leaned forward.
I expected her to calm me, explain it would come back, it would all be okay.
Glitter was in the air before I could stop her.
By the time Chevelle returned, I was loopy with it.
He and Ruby sat facing me.
She must have filled him in on my problem.
I resisted the urge to touch him.
I always wanted to touch him.
“Frey,” Chevelle began in a measured tone.
I cut him off, trying to sound calm.
“What happened?” “It would seem the council has attacked us.” I was too numb to draw in the quick breath I expected.
My cheeks tingled.
I didn’t think I could feel my hands.
“Attacked you,” he clarified.
Something came out of my chest that sounded like a moan.
I blinked, too slow.
“Attacked?” “They must have tried to strengthen your bonds.” I knew I should have been shocked but I couldn’t produce the feeling.
“They succeeded,” I complained.
He nodded.
“It seems it may have taken your magic completely this time.” This time.
I concentrated on keeping my head straight, to look like I was listening properly, acting properly.
My attempt at concentration must have come across as anxiety.
“You found a way to break their bonds before.
You will again.” I nodded.
My nose was itchy.
I wiggled it.
“Rest now,” he said.
“We have time.” I reached forward, ready to ask him to stay, but he wasn’t leaving.
He only settled in.
Both he and Ruby were staying with me.
I was happy… downright blissful.
Stupid dust.
I watched Chevelle’s face as my eyes fluttered shut, exhausted.
My dreams brought him close, a much-too-vivid kiss on the cheek that burned like fire.
My skin was blistering, I could feel the color.
It swirled around me and shocked me awake again.
I lay on the floor, eyes wide, body unmoving.
I was weak, tired, still under the influence, but I heard voices.
I didn’t move as I listened to discern if they were real.
They seemed to be close, but muffled—maybe in the next room or down a corridor—as they echoed off the stones.
I thought I’d picked out Anvil’s deep voice.
“Trapped here like rats… cowards…” He was outraged.
Someone else, Grey maybe, worry coloring his tone.
“We can’t just leave them out there.” I knew Chevelle’s voice, interlaced between the other comments.
“She’s not ready… we can’t… too soon.” And a voice I couldn’t place.
“… another setback…” They seemed to be in disagreement but I couldn’t find the interest to stay with them.
I faded back into sleep.
These dreams took me farther.
My sight was off, not as clear, distorted.
But as I lingered there, I knew the cause.
I was seeing from a horse.
We were outside the stone walls of the fortress finding sparse greens to eat, which bored me even in a dream.
I encouraged the horse to run and he responded immediately, taking flight down the mountainside.
The rocks streaked past us as we ran faster and faster, the wind whipping his mane.
A great bird perched on the dead limb of an ironwood tree and I jumped to it just as it dropped from the branch and flared its wings out to catch the wind.
We flew still farther as I watched the mountain pass below.
There was a scrubby patch of trees ahead and I could see movement there, inside.
I tried to focus on it… familiar silver and white.
Commotion brought me back and I sat up, startled.
My head spun.
Ruby caught my arm to steady me.
Her smile was strained as she handed me a drink of water.
Chevelle was near the entrance of the stone room with Anvil and Grey.
They appeared to be preparing to leave.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
“Nothing to worry about,” Ruby assured me.
“Just a hunting trip.” I was still muddled, but I knew it wouldn’t take three of them to hunt.
And then I remembered the bits of conversation I’d heard when I woke.
“Someone’s missing?” I took stock.
I’d seen everyone but Rhys and Rider now.
And the wolves.
The silver and white wolves.
“The wolves are out there.” Each person in the room turned to me.
Ruby finally spoke.
“What do you know about the wolves, Frey?” “Are they hurt?” “We don’t know.
They did not return.” “Rhys and Rider?” “They are attempting to locate them.
They will not rejoin us until they do.” I started to draw a map for them with magic and then cursed when I realized I was no longer able.
Bound.
Ruby had been right to drug me; I didn’t think I could have handled it otherwise.
They were watching me, unsure what I was doing as I sat helpless and swearing.
“I need something to draw with.” Ruby pulled a piece of charcoal and scrap of paper from her bags.
I rushed to sketch the path I remembered from my dream, focusing on the ring of trees with the most detail.
“They are there.” The men stood, motionless and staring until Anvil crossed the room to retrieve the map.
He bowed a little as he took the paper from my hands and then hurried out, Grey following.
Chevelle stayed.
Ruby turned to him and breathed a deep sigh but he didn’t respond.
My head throbbed and I groaned as I pressed the bridge of my nose.
He was beside me in a flash, unspeaking.
Ruby handed me another drink.
It helped, but I was still irritated about the binding.
“Does this mean we’ll have to train again?” Ruby snickered.
Chevelle answered slowly, “There has to be a way.
You broke them before.” I tried to remember how.
The first magic I could recall was the thistle in the back room at Junnie’s.
It seemed so far away now.
Ruby was speaking to him.
“Maybe it was just the length of time…” What did she know about how long I was bound?
“If we can find a way to test without endangering—” He stopped.
“Don’t worry about it, Frey.” I wondered if I’d looked frightened.
“We will figure it out.” How reassuring.
I meant to smile at him, but only succeeded in pressing my lips into a flat line.
“Rest now.
There is plenty of time for tr—” He thought better of saying training again, finishing, “To test the bindings.” He smiled at me and, once again, I thought for a heartbeat he might reach out to me.
But he did not.
He simply stood and walked from the room.
Ruby saw me watching.
“He’s right, Freya.
Rest now.
Plenty of time to get you straightened back out.” She stood and walked to the front wall.
I hadn’t noticed the narrow window before, no wider than the flat of a hand.
Ruby positioned herself in front of it, watching whatever was outside.
I sighed.
Plenty of time.
I fiddled with the blankets for a few minutes, tried a couple of times—futilely—to move tiny specks of loose rock on the floor, and then gave up and decided to read the journal again.
I rolled away from Ruby and pulled my pack into the curve of my body, settling the book open but able to be quickly hidden away.
This morning, I extended my spell, giving Rune an extra day of sleep.
It was a good thing, too.
I found the camp right off and followed the tracks easily.
The occupants must have run in panic initially, but then gathered back together and walked in a line, some two by two, some dragging sleds.
They made temporary shelter in a cave, likely for just one night, and continued again.
They must have moved slowly, and I could see they stopped often to rest.
It didn’t take long before I’d found their new camp.
I slipped into a tall tree to watch them.
To my shock, I found something I had never seen before.
I watched for hours before I was sure, too stunned to believe it possible.
I had heard stories, the fairies were always puffing dust about it, but I’d never believed it.
Was I really watching humans?
I was pulled from reading, confused.
Humans weren’t real.
What kind of book was this?
She had mentioned fairies’ stories.
I wondered if this was fiction, a fairy ruse, given to Chevelle by Ruby.
Or maybe the dust was still playing havoc on me.
I glanced over my shoulder at Ruby where she watched anxiously out the front window.
I shook my head, finding the line again…
But I couldn’t deny it.
Their size was about that of an elf, but all were different.
The men were thicker.
Not necessarily with muscle, some more bulbous.
The women were varied as well, some thin and wiry, some stout like the males.
Their hair was in all shades—light blond like the sun, brown as the trees, one even had rusty red, his plump cheeks peppered with light brown spots.
And there were so many children!
They were loud and ran round the camp all afternoon.
And they were just as varied as the adults.
I examined their wide noses, rounded ears, and stubby fingers.
Those who wore no shoes had short, thick toes like trolls.
The men had patches of hair curled on their chests and forearms and some even grew it around their chins like goats.
Their clothes were tattered and ill-fitting rags.
They moved about the camp slowly.
Clearly they had no magic, and they definitely were the owners of the crude tools we had found.
They spoke to each other often, their voices like the protest of an old hound.
I watched until nightfall, when they settled into tents and lean-tos.
They seemed to assign a watchman, wielding only a torch lit from the central fire.
I slipped down from the tree and returned to the castle.
I am dying to see what I can find of them in the books of Father’s study.
Laughter broke my concentration.
Anvil and Grey were back.
I looked to the front wall, but Ruby was gone, moved to the entrance of our room.
She seemed to be waiting there excitedly for something.
I slid the book into the pack and sat up to watch.
Chevelle came in and Ruby greeted him.
“It’s fantastic,” she breathed.
He smiled at her.
Steed was following.
“Almost unbelievable,” he added, shooting me a look.
They turned to me as Rhys and Rider entered.
They didn’t approach but stopped just inside the room and dipped into a bow.
“Our gratitude, Elfreda.” I blushed.
I had forgotten the wolves.
They must have found them.
“Were they hurt?” “No.
And our thanks to you for that as well.” I wasn’t exactly sure how that was due to me, but I smiled, glad they had found them and everyone was safe.
They turned to leave and Grey entered with two spits of meat and wine.
It almost seemed like a celebration.
Almost.
Their high spirits hadn’t quite returned from before.
I wondered how long I had been out.
I wondered where the councilmen who’d attacked us were now.
The wine flowed.
Steed took some food to Anvil, Grey and Ruby made their way to the front window, and I found myself sitting alone with Chevelle.
“How do you feel?” he asked.
“Better.
And worse.” Better because the dust was clearing.
Worse because I was fuzzy again, bound.
He nodded.
He was closer now, sitting opposite me, and I had the disconcerting feeling that I’d lost the bit of time when he’d moved there.
He reached out and took my hand in his, his fingers gentle as he turned it palm up to place a pebble there.
“Can you do anything with this?” “No.” Frustration was clear in my voice.
I had already tried.
“And no fire?” “No.” “So nothing works?” The implication was there, but I didn’t know what it meant right away.
And then it occurred to me.
The horse.
I had thought he had shown up because I’d impressed upon him to follow before I blacked out, but I had already been bound again at that point.
Should I tell Chevelle?
I didn’t know why I felt so protective of this secret.
Chevelle drew a section of moss from one of the stones on the wall and it replaced the pebble.
“Try this.
They shouldn’t have bothered binding you from growing.” I concentrated on it.
Nothing.
But I was never good at that anyway.
I shook my head.
He nodded, giving up, but our hands still lay together, connecting us.
“Where are they?” I asked.
He’d been looking at our hands, but his eyes returned to my face at the question.
“Council,” I explained.
“They have retreated.
They were able to briefly incapacitate the wolves, giving Rhys and Rider less warning of their approach before you were attacked.” He hesitated.
“When we heard the alert, I turned.
Your eyes were closed.” I didn’t comment, so he continued, “I was able to catch you just before your horse dropped.
I’ve no idea why they attacked him.
They should have been focused on you.” I wasn’t sure they had attacked the horse.
Maybe it was because I’d been there, in his mind, controlling him.
“What happened to Rhys and Rider?” “They broke to keep from fighting such a sizeable force alone.
They circled back to meet us.
In the disorder, they lost track of the wolves.” “But the wolves weren’t hurt?” “They had been strung up by vine among the trees, but alive.” I winced at the idea.
“Why?” A wry smile crossed his lips and I couldn’t help but focus on them for a moment.
“Because the wolves would have fought to the death, and Grand Council does not kill animals with magic.” I remembered my mother.
“Only elves?” His mocking smile widened.
“Only elves.” They thought killing an animal with magic was evil, dark, but they were hunting us down.
To burn us.
I considered the alternative—pierced through with arrows, blessed with a prayer—and I laughed.
His eyes were intense as he reached to gently cup my neck, fingers resting at my spine, thumb grazing the base of my ear.
I felt him urge me forward, and my breath caught, heart stuttering into a broken lope.
And then Ruby was beside us from out of nowhere, her words startling me back to the cold, dull room.
“They’re coming in.” Chevelle leaned back, his fingers brushing my collarbone when he pulled away.
I bit my lip at the tingle that ran through me, and the corner of his mouth turned up into a different kind of smile.
He stood to walk from the room and I stared at the stone entry, struggling to keep my thoughts from spinning out of control.
Too much had happened.
Too much was wrong.
My life had flipped, twisted into some strange reflection of itself, and I couldn’t reconcile the fragments.
It caused me physical pain to think about Chevelle’s touch, about council, about what was happening, and I knew it was the bonds.
When Grey walked out, my trance broke and I noticed Ruby by the front window, wearing an odd smile.
I flushed and turned from her, rolling into a ball on my blankets, remembering no more than the feel of his skin on my neck, the quirk of his lips.
I had to keep distracted, and there was nothing for it but the book.
I wasn’t able to find much regarding humans in the study’s library.
But I had been right.
Illustrations and descriptions matched what I had seen.
I know I took a risk extending Rune’s spell further, but I did not want to get caught, definitely not followed.
I wondered if my sister was still at the original camp.
Surely she wasn’t bright enough to figure it out.
And apparently she wasn’t willing to tell anyone.
I was returning to the spot I had found the humans the previous day when I ran across one of them alone.
I hid myself behind a patch of brush to watch him.
He had a lovely complexion with a hint of bronze and cropped dark brown hair with a few tiny streaks of blond just around his face.
He looked less like the others I had been watching.
He was built like the elves, strong and muscled, but still lean.
He wore plain pants and tall boots.
His light cloth shirt moved around him as he walked, unlaced at the chest.
He carried a small blade in his hand, but I couldn’t imagine what he was doing here unaccompanied.
There was a rustle from the brush several yards in the opposite direction I was hiding.
He rushed toward it and I followed, unsure why he was running.
The noise was made by a small boar and the human was chasing it.
He ran after it, gasping for air, and I followed close behind, thrilling at the spectacle.
The boar approached a ridge of rock and turned, giving the human the advantage.
He leaped after it, blade held wide, and landed, slicing into its side and twisting the blade back out.
He was leaning over its small motionless body, heaving for breath, covered in blood.
I laughed, shocked at myself, but filled with excitement and amusement.
He stood, whirling to face me, bloody blade held out.
I had to stifle another laugh.
I managed to keep my reaction calm, only a smile.
He seemed disoriented for a moment and then his breathing slowed and his arms relaxed.
He stared at me as if I were a delusion, a dream looking back at him.
He was speechless and it occurred to me that perhaps elves were not a part of this human’s knowledge.
I wondered if he would recover soon.
I considered abandoning him and returning to watch the others, but his face was so interesting, the emotions so plain and readable there.
But he wasn’t afraid.
It was awe.
I decided to have a little fun with him.
They couldn’t possibly be dangerous.
“Hello.” I spoke to him slowly, but it appeared he didn’t comprehend.
He merely stood gawking at me.
I tried again.
“Do you wish to speak with me?” “Yes,” he finally stuttered.
“Uh… hello.” “I am…” I hesitated, unsure if I should tell him my name; I was on the run, after all.
I decided on a replacement.
“Lizzy.” He seemed to like that.
“I’m Noble.” Now I was confused.
“You are noble?” He shook his head.
“Noble is my name.
Noble Grand.” “That is a large name.
You are a ruler among your people?” He laughed.
“No, no.
Noble is my given name, passed down for generations.
Grand is the family name.” Generations?
I was surprised again.
I stepped closer, enthralled.
“What are you doing here?” “We are searching for a good place to start over,” he explained.
I was scrutinizing his blade.
“Oh, well, I’m hunting.” He wasn’t as slow as I had thought, quite capable of conversation.
I couldn’t help but wonder, “You were a bit… stunned before?” He flushed a pleasing shade of red.
“Yes.” “Why?” “Well, it’s just that you are quite beautiful.
Surely the loveliest thing I have ever seen.” I smiled in spite of myself and he continued the flattery.
“And then when you spoke, your voice… it’s like a melody.” “And you are seeking a new camp?” “A more permanent settlement, actually.” “You have found it here?” “We are undecided.
Days ago we were attacked.” Pain washed his features.
“A horrid creature took several of our men.” I nodded.
“An imp.” “I’d never believed it to be true if I hadn’t seen it myself.” He was lost in thought as he continued, “We may move again.
The risk seems too great.” Suddenly, I didn’t want them to relocate.
I wanted them to stay right there, where I could watch them.
I tried to make him feel safe.
“You know, I could protect you.” He was incredulous.
I decided to show him.
I stepped forward, noting his unease at my movement, and faced the boar that lay on the ground behind him.
He turned to see what I was focusing on.
I was afraid to scare him too much, so I decided on a small gesture.
I held my hand out in front of me, emphasizing the action as I twisted my wrist in the air, the boar’s head spinning, the sound of its neck cracking in tandem with my movement.
He gasped and stepped back from me.
I was afraid for a moment I’d shown him too much.
He looked at my face, searching, and finally let out a breathless, “Magic.” His face was filled with wonder.
I had seen many impressed with my talents, but never with such an effortless show.
I laughed to myself.
It was refreshing to have someone so genuinely awed.
He didn’t ask to see what else I could do; he wasn’t sizing me up for battle.
I smiled at him and he seemed to think that alone a reward.
He was still speechless.
“Well, shall you stay, then?” “Forever,” he gushed.
It was a curious response but I had begun to think he wasn’t that different, aside from the obvious lack of magic, skill, and grace.
Moreover, where many of the others lacked beauty, he did not.
Unconventional, yes, but nonetheless… interesting.
I led him to a set of stones to sit, wanting to get answers to all the questions that had been burning in my mind since I had spotted them.
He had forgotten his prey, so I offered to help him with it.
This befuddled him, so I simply skinned and spitted the animal while he sat, staring in amazement.
It was like he’d never seen fire before.
It made the magic fun again.
Like when we were kids, before Father’s ridiculous schedule.
I shook off the memory of practice and focused on the human.
“So, how old are you?” “Twenty-two,” he said, almost shamefacedly.
At first, I was shocked at the number; I thought maybe I’d misunderstood.
But I remembered reading the human lifespan was very brief.
I’d have guessed ten times that number if he were an elf.
“Why the hint of embarrassment?” “They tell me I should have a family by now.” “You have none?” “A mother and father but none of my own.
No wife, no children.” “You are expected to have a wife and child after just two decades of life?” He laughed for some reason I could not see.
“Then you have no family of your own?” “I am not expected to pair for quite some time, if ever.
And children?
Ha!” He was visibly perplexed so I kept talking.
“I have a family as well, though my mother died recently.” Sadness washed his features.
“I’m sorry.
Was it an imp?” “No.” I laughed at the strange idea.
And for no apparent reason, I told him the truth.
“She died of sorrow.” His brow furrowed.
We shared the boar and talked further, casually, as if we were old friends.
He resituated himself on the rock, coming closer to me, and his shirt moved to expose a different color skin where it opened at the chest.
I reached out to pull it aside and his eyes grew wild at the touch.
“Your flesh is a different tone here.” He smiled, as if I were being coy.
“Yes.” “Why?” “Sometimes I work with my shirt on, to avoid the burn of the sun.” “The sun?” He laughed, but then realized I wasn’t joking.
“It is a tan… from the sun.” He pulled the laces and lifted his shirt over his head, throwing it aside to show me his bare chest.
The bronzed color of his face extended there, but was a lighter shade.
I examined him closer, taking his hand and turning his arm.
The inside of his wrist was lighter still, close to the shade of my own skin.
I was still studying him when he spoke softly.
“May I kiss you?” His breath hit my face; I hadn’t realized how close I had gotten.
It surprised me, as did his request.
I had a perverted desire to let him.
I smiled thinking of it.
He took that as an invitation, leaning closer, his hand raised to touch my face.
His thumb caressed the line of my jaw as he reached around, fingers tangling in my braids as he drew me to him.
He started gently, teasing, and then crushed our lips together, his strong hand holding me there, his breathing ragged.
At some point, I became aware of what I was doing.
I drew back.
“I have to go now.” He looked devastated.
“Goodbye, young Noble.” “Can I see you again?” I smiled.
“I will return.” He took a deep breath, satisfied.
“I’ll be waiting.” As I turned to go, I realized I hadn’t asked any of the important questions that had been nagging me.
I’d have to try harder tomorrow, stay on task.
I ran back to the castle at full speed.
Ruby cleared her throat and I shoved the book into my pack.
I glanced over at her but she was still facing out the window.
A moment later Chevelle walked in and she threw him a wicked grin, leaving us alone.
I brushed the length of my hair forward, hoping to cover the heat that had risen to burn my neck and ears.
“Ready to resume training?” he asked.
That cooled the flush and I grimaced, moving to stand.
I hadn’t done so since the incident and my head spun.
I wobbled, and Chevelle was suddenly there, steadying me.
I shook off his look of concern.
“I’m fine.
Really.” He shifted closer and I became wholly aware of his hands at my waist.
The grip he’d used to steady me became softer and yet, at the same time, his fingers tightened around me.
My breath hitched as he pulled me against him, the length of our bodies touching.
My throat went dry, black spots swirling in my vision.
I fought to stay focused on his face, so close.
His eyes grew troubled and then he blurred out of vision as I went limp in his arms.
“Frey…” I opened my eyes to the darkening sky.
“What happened?” “You seem to have blacked out,” Chevelle said, a hint of some emotion under his reassurance.
I blushed.
He must have seen that coming, held me because of it, simply to prevent me from falling on my face.
I was a fool.
He helped me up, this time holding me only by one arm.
I took a deep breath.
“I’m okay now, I think.” His lips twisted again, but I couldn’t make out the expression.
I could barely look him in the eyes.
I attempted every type of magic he could come up with, to no avail.
I was beyond frustrated.
Worse, I could tell he was being gentle on purpose, afraid I would break.
I thought of what he’d said before, the dangers of messing with the bindings.
He must have read it on my face.
“That’s enough for now.
Rest, Freya.” I didn’t argue.
Ruby came in, as if on cue, and Chevelle excused himself.
I laid down, but irritation kept me from sleep.
I returned to the book.
I spent the next several weeks visiting him.
I had forgotten about the rest of the camp.
He had become infatuated with me and I couldn’t keep myself from indulging him.
I was thoroughly enjoying it—reveling in it, if I was honest with myself.
He persisted in trying to touch and kiss me anytime I was close enough to allow, and I let him sometimes.
He surprised me one evening, when he knew it was time for me to leave, grabbing my wrist and holding me there.
I was stronger than him, but I didn’t resist his pull as he spoke.
“Don’t go.” I smiled.
“I will return tomorrow.
Early.” “No,” he said, flush with emotion.
“I don’t ever want you to go.” I laughed and he drew me closer.
“Stay with me.” I started to pull away and he reached up, placing his hands on either side of my face, feverish now.
“Marry me, Lizzy.” I had long since gotten used to the name, but I wasn’t sure he was talking to me at first.
It seemed ridiculous.
I stopped myself from laughing, knowing from previous experience this would hurt him.
I had come to realize he didn’t know what I was.
He knew I was different, of course, knew of the magic, though I’d shown him nothing of my real power.
But he didn’t understand I was an elf.
I hadn’t explained, knowing it would do nothing but perplex his simple mind.
He merely thought I was something special, extraordinary.
But did he actually think I was human, marrigeable?
I was incredulous.
But he was obsessed.
The moment it slipped from his lips, he became more focused on that than anything else.
Making me his bride.
I couldn’t understand.
He tried to explain.
“I want you forever.
I need you, Lizzy.” The yearning in his voice was clear on the last part and I was surprised that I ached for him a little, felt for his pain and need.
He touched me then and I thought I understood when he continued, “We could be together…” Marriage.
Yes, he wanted to join us.
I bit my lip, undecided.
Curiosity was there, too.
And I couldn’t help but imagine.
He was unmagical.
He had no idea what I could do to him, for him, in such an intimate setting.
What could it hurt, really?
Sure, I could marry him, but it wouldn’t be real, I knew that.
But the other part, well, I could do that without the marriage, couldn’t I?
Harmless fun… I smiled as I leaned closer to him.
This was the first time I had initiated a kiss and he was grateful—more than grateful… overwhelmed with pleasure.
I laughed to myself at what was to come, if this small, insignificant gesture brought him so much happiness.
Our lips touched and he gasped, and then the breath turned to a low moan.
I rubbed the back of my hand over a cheek, trying to clear away the blush of color.
The encounter was very… descriptive.
I threw a wary glance over my shoulder, making sure Ruby was still at the window as I continued.
The days we had spent coupling had done nothing to diminish his desire.
If anything, they had enflamed it.
And his obsession with marriage increased tenfold.
I had not met his family, but one morning when I arrived at the patch of forest where we met, he proudly presented his mother’s wedding gown, a gift for me.
He wanted me to wear it in our ceremony.
I had never agreed to the union, but I avoided telling him it was not possible.
It would be only valid in his mind.
But then again, what would that hurt?
I accepted the dress from him, looking it over.
It was poorly made and ill-fitting, but had potential as a design.
I sat, using magic to work on the seaming and arrange the pearl strands and beading in a more pleasant pattern while deciding how best to deal with him.
He was watching me intently.
“We will have such prosperity.
Think of it, with your magic, we will be able to conquer anything.
Whatever we need, whatever we want, it will be nothing but a flick of your wrist.” I froze.
It was irrational, I knew, but anger seethed.
I couldn’t stop myself from thinking he was just like everyone else, interested only in my powers.
My magic.
And how it would benefit him.
I turned to him, glaring, and he drew back, startled.
“Is that what you want, why you are so intent on marrying me?
For my power?” He shook his head, mystified.
The rage had overtaken me, though.
The weeks of drugging Rune, sneaking out, my missing father—searching for a new wife, I was sure—all of it too much.
I slipped.
A small crack in my stability let out enough magic to hurt him.
I didn’t hit him, but the surrounding trees and rocks were pulverized and I knew I had done too much.
He stared back at me… afraid.
I turned and ran without another word.
Straight back to the castle.
In these few short weeks I had started to think of it less as a home and more as a prison.
My limited freedom made me ache for more.
My time with this human had felt like living.
This was wrong.
I would return to him tomorrow, set things right.
As I ran, I realized I was still carrying the dress with me.
I couldn’t understand why I had bothered dragging it along, but my grip on it was tight.
I rolled it up, tucking it under my arm as I approached the castle.
My prison.
Prison.
I pushed the book into my pack and finally slept.
When I woke, I felt better.
Stronger.
I was hopeful this applied to my magic as well.
Chevelle sat against the dark stone wall, watching me.
He seemed to recognize the change in my mood.
“Feeling well?” I nodded.
“I think I’d like to train again.” “That is probably a good idea.
We’ll be leaving soon.” I didn’t know if I was that much better.
“Don’t worry.
It is safe.
They will not attack again so soon.” “When?” I could hear the worry in my tone, despite his assurance.
“We will protect you, Frey.” Sure.
I might have rolled my eyes.
“We knew they were following before.
Our mistake was in assuming they meant a physical attack.
We will not allow them so close again.” “So they’re still following?” Panic.
“No.
Not now.” He paused.
“They have accomplished what they came for.
Now they will regroup and return.
Which is why we need to move.” “Why would we leave a fort?” He laughed.
“Trust me, Frey.
We have a more secure location.” I must not have appeared convinced.
“Please,” he added.
I sighed.
What choice did I have?
And then I laughed, because I couldn’t even trust myself.
I expected him to look at me like I was mad.
Instead, he looked like it was… endearing.
He stood and walked over to me, taking my hand to help me up.
When he touched me, I tried to fight the heat that ran up my neck.
I couldn’t and embarrassment caused my cheeks to color as well.
I peered up at him through my now-dark bangs and could have sworn it amused him.
I laughed at myself.
The silly romance I’d been reading in the diary must have been affecting me.
I tried to stop my thoughts from returning there as we practiced, but it was near impossible.
He kept working close with me, touching me.
I knew I should have been focusing on the magic, but it was useless.
Each day ended with nothing but frustration and exhaustion, naught to look forward to but leaving the safety of the fort.
Only the book provided escape.
The moment I entered the castle, I knew something was wrong.
I had gone in through the servants’ quarters, desiring to keep a low profile.
When they saw me, fear crossed their faces and they disappeared from sight.
My heart sped.
I wondered if something had gone wrong with Rune’s spell this time.
I decided to go check on him.
I realized I was running.
As I rounded a corner heading to the practice rooms, I ran into something hard.
The impact didn’t knock me down, but the shock almost did.
It was one of Father’s guards… one of the guards he’d taken with him.
He had me by the arm, dragging me along before I could think.
I couldn’t decide whether to run, whether to fight.
And then we were in the throne room.
My father’s face was indescribable, his fury almost tangible.
I couldn’t bring myself to look away from him, but I saw Rune standing in my peripheral vision.
I was caught.
I frantically searched for some explanation.
But he didn’t speak.
He flipped his arm, dismissing me.
The tension showed in that small movement and I blanched.
I started to pull away from the guard but he didn’t release me.
I realized then I hadn’t been dismissed.
It had been a direction for the guard.
He wrenched me beside him, jerking unnecessarily, and then shoved me through the door to my room.
I listened, but his steps did not recede.
I tried the door; it was already bound.
I threw myself onto the bed.
I felt absolutely wretched.
Actually, I felt worse than that.
I felt as if I’d been poisoned.
The room spun and I heaved over the edge of the mattress.
When I woke late the next morning, I was covered in sweat.
My head spun as I stood, but I steadied myself and moved to the basin to splash my face.
As I looked in the mirror at my pallid complexion, my features twisted in horror.
Understanding came suddenly and would not be denied.
I scoffed at myself humorlessly as my words taunted me—just harmless fun… what could it hurt?
For half a second, I wanted to scream.
And then my hands found their way to my stomach and rested there.
I drew in a sharp intake of breath.
I hadn’t noticed I had gotten so deeply involved in the story.
I needed to rest, to finish my recovery and break the bonds.
But I couldn’t seem to step away.
I was unnaturally calm when they finally came for me.
I knew they would recognize the signs.
But it didn’t matter now.
I walked forward, resigned to my fate.
What I didn’t expect was their response.
The throne room was full.
And not one of them did not gasp when comprehension hit.
But my father, and each of those present, seemed… pleased when they saw me.
They had no idea there was a… human… growing in the belly my hands now cradled.
I listened as their voices began, and then rose, clamorously discussing the news and what it could bring.
I cringed as their words turned to the possibilities, the power I might pass down, the strength the new one might bring.
“We will leave at daybreak,” Grey informed Ruby as I read.
Perfect.
The news brought on nothing but worry, so I went back to the book.
Eventually, my father did seek to find out who the father was.
I refused to tell him anything and he could not force me in my condition.
I could see his plans for it already forming.
I was almost happy it would not be powerful, half human and unmagical.
I wondered if it could even be brought to term, I was ill so often now.
The elders discussed it constantly—it was so unusual to be sick, but it must have been a result of the pregnancy.
Several of them were assigned to watch me and I had to listen to their incessant chatter.
They seemed thrilled not to know how or when I had gotten this way, carrying on about young elves and their quests.
Ruby’s hand was on my shoulder, shaking me awake.
I hadn’t realized I’d fallen asleep.
I jerked up, hoping she hadn’t seen the journal.
It wasn’t lying there.
I grabbed my pack, pretending to get ready, and sighed when I felt it tucked inside.
I didn’t remember doing it, but I was grateful I had.
I was really getting into the story.
I yawned and stretched, and then followed her out of the room.
I was surprised at the size of the fort.
We went down several corridors and passed a few doors before finally coming to a large, open arena where the others waited for us.
Chevelle smiled at me as I passed him on the way to my horse.
I started to command the horse to kneel, but then Steed grabbed me at the waist and threw me up.
I took one deep breath before we kicked the horses into a gallop and ran from the fort in a pack.
Our pace finally slowed as the way became too treacherous.
Massive rock formations loomed over us, loose stones underfoot causing the horses to stumble.
The haze was so thick I couldn’t see anything but the riders in front of me.
I only knew from the strain on my legs we were heading up, climbing higher into the gray sky and biting wind.
Chevelle rode beside me through the day.
When we stopped for the evening, he pulled me down from my horse and stayed near as we sat on large stones around a fire.
Ruby was telling stories again and everyone gave her their full attention… everyone but us.
“How do you feel?” he asked.
I shrugged.
“Fine, I guess.” He seemed unusually concerned.
He was also sitting unusually close.
He spoke in a low voice, though the others didn’t appear to be listening.
I had to strain to hear.
“I’ve been thinking about the bindings.” I turned to face him, his deep blue eyes on mine as he continued, “I was thinking there might be another way.” He was hesitant for some reason.
“How?” I demanded, keeping the volume as low as I could, palms pressed to the smooth rock beneath us.
What is he waiting on?
“If… well, it seems you may have more control over your thoughts than you realize?” He phrased it as a question.
Because of my secret.
Was he trying to be respectful of it, or trying to keep me from getting upset?
I wasn’t sure how to answer.
But if it helped, if there was a way to unbind me, free my mind and get back the magic… I settled on a, “Mm-hm?” He nearly smiled.
“Well, if you were able to… move about…” It seemed to make him uncomfortable, searching for words.
“Then perhaps you could find a way around it.” I bit my lip and he reached up to gently pull it loose.
His hand lingered, thumb tracing my bottom lip.
I was definitely not imagining that.
Warmth flooded my neck, my cheeks, and his gaze followed the flush.
His hand dropped to my shoulder.
“Please, Freya, try.” All I could do was nod.
And then he stood and walked away.
I sat unmoving for a moment, and then finally glanced at the group.
They were deeply involved in their conversations, seemingly unaware of the encounter that had my heart in my throat.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, attempting to “move about” in my mind.
It was completely frustrating.
Fuzzy, wrong.
Nothing worked.
None of it connected the way it should have.
It made me angry and tired and the maddening fight against it gained me nothing but a buzzing headache.
I sighed and threw myself on my blankets away from the group.
It was still daylight and I tossed and turned, unable to rest.
I decided to go back to my favorite distraction.
The time came sooner than any of us expected.
Looking back, I suppose it was fortunate.
I can’t imagine what might have happened if a full birth ceremony had been prepared, if so many had been present.
It makes me cringe to merely think of it.
The elders were there, though.
My father and the others waited in the throne room, arranging a celebration.
I had read everything I could obtain on the process during my pregnancy and imprisonment in the castle, even finding a few books and scrolls on humans.
But nothing prepared me for what happened.
I had been walking when the pain struck—pacing my room with worry, if I were truthful.
It hit suddenly, a stabbing, ripping, horrible thing.
My screams called everyone to order, but then it subsided.
However, it was only long enough to catch my breath and then it was back tenfold.
I writhed in agony.
Nothing they did would help.
I could not control my magic; it shattered most of the things on the nearby table and twice caught the bedding afire.
The elders were frantic, which only frightened me more.
I had never seen them agitated.
This carried on for hours.
My hair and clothing were drenched in sweat and I was near surrender.
And then, with no more warning than when the first pains came, it was over.
A small, sweet child was in my arms.
I drew in ragged breaths as I cleaned her face.
I wiped her eyes and they came open, an unbelievable shade of dark green, sparkling like emeralds.
She was a beauty.
I wasn’t aware the room had grown silent until I wiped her ears and heard my own gasp.
They were slightly rounded at the tips… almost blunt.
I realized I had stopped breathing as I read, so engrossed in the story.
I reached up absentmindedly to stroke the tops of my ears.
I looked up then, at the elders who surrounded me.
Their faces were astonished.
“She is… human,” they said.
I took a steadying breath and spat out, “No.” They stared at me, incredulous.
I spoke deliberately.
“She is elf.
I name her… Elfreda.”
My heart had stopped.
And then it surged as blood rushed to my face, my neck.
My ears rang.
I must have been speaking or cursing.
I could hear the sound, but could not make sense of it.
Nothing made sense.
I was standing before I knew I was surrounded.
Fury and fire swam in my head, my chest, my hands.
I heard them through the buzz.
“Frey, what’s wrong?
What is it?
Frey… Frey.” And then, clearer, “Elfreda!” My jaw tightened, my teeth ground together.
Comprehension crossed Chevelle’s face as he saw the book on the ground between us.
He reached for it.
“Touch that book and you die,” I hissed.
He froze, staring me straight in the eyes.
I was fighting for control, struggling to find my thoughts.
Then I saw it.
He flicked a glance at Ruby and I knew.
They knew.
And it was all true.
Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
“Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
Black spots floated in my vision.
My head screamed.
The sound of metal bands snapping echoed through a scraping, screeching noise inside my head.
I pressed my palms against my temples.
I didn’t know I was going down until my knees hit the hard rock.
I held myself there, refusing to give in.
They argued frantically.
“Knock her out.
Do something.
She’s going to crack.” Yes, crack.
That was a good word for it.
I felt as if I were breaking in half.
No, being torn.
I sensed someone close to me, Ruby no doubt.
She would drug me.
I didn’t want that.
I didn’t want that ever again.
I slid from the pain, reaching out.
I found nothing but the horses, but I would take it.
I left my body completely.
My entry was so furious it startled the horse.
I held him there, but when he raised his head from grazing, he was facing them.
They were standing, kneeling, surrounding my limp body.
I watched them, the horror on their faces, for an immeasurable moment.
It was too much.
It was all too much.
A raw, unbearable ache crushed my chest and I gave in to it, accepted it.
There was nothing else I could do.
I sighed, melting back into my own mind.
It was quiet there and I wondered if I had cracked.
But then it occurred to me that maybe I had been the cause of it.
I was resigned now, the fury gone, and so was the screeching, the pain.
They had said the binding was dangerous… There was a collective gasp as they realized I was back.
I heard someone beside me and a flash of anger swept through me, lighting a flame at whoever it was.
So maybe the fury wasn’t completely gone.
I suddenly remembered the pages I had burnt in the briar patch so long ago.
Burnt before I’d read them.
My eyes flashed open.
I sat up, ignoring my spinning head, but the book was already gone.
I glared at Chevelle.
It must have been dreadful, because he nodded and backed away, his mouth tight.
“Oh, Frey.” Ruby’s voice was low and soothing.
I grimaced as I turned to her, not at all wanting what I was about to say.
“Go ahead.” I closed my eyes as her jaw shifted.
Chapter Sixteen Lessons
The dreams I had then were the most dreadful I’d ever had.
I jolted awake and shuddered for several minutes at the images I could not beat down.
Ruby was there, waiting for me.
“Where are the others?” I asked, voice hoarse.
“They’ve set up a perimeter.” It was all I had to say for the moment.
I felt empty, alone.
It was dark; even with the dust I’d not slept through the night.
I sat up, curling my legs against my chest, and wrapped my arms around them, pulling tightly in.
Though I didn’t speak, I occasionally glanced, or glared, at Ruby.
She sat, immobile, watching me.
It was morning before she broke.
“You have your fire back.” It hadn’t occurred to me.
I held my hand out and flicked a flame above my palm, then promptly extinguished it.
I tried moving a stone from the ground to no avail.
Just fire.
I sighed.
But Ruby looked hopeful.
The group approached warily, keeping their eyes on me.
Chevelle hung farther back, avoiding my gaze as he hovered near the edge of the mist.
Steed led my horse to me.
I didn’t think I blamed him—he seemed to be involved by chance—but I hadn’t fully decided yet.
As we rode wordlessly through the cold stone landscape, my thoughts twisted and writhed as if a pit of vipers.
In the end, I’d decided I wasn’t really that shocked about being half-human.
It explained so much about myself.
Clumsiness, lack of skill, never quite fitting in.
What took me by surprise was the betrayal I felt.
All the years I’d lived in the village, I’d never counted on anyone the way I had done with this group, Chevelle especially.
The feeling in my chest was so thick and heavy it burned.
Struggling with my reactions kept me distracted from the ride.
It was steep now, rocky, a haze hanging in the few spiky trees.
When we stopped for the evening, the men quietly set up a perimeter.
Except for Chevelle.
He was watching me as I glared back at him.
Why had I expected more from him?
He was my watcher.
He’d volunteered to help council bind me.
But it didn’t stop the hostile stare I was sending his way.
Ruby stepped in front of him.
“I’ll stay with her.” He didn’t reply; he merely turned from her to walk into the haze.
I was still fuming when she faced me, wearing a self-satisfied smile.
She practically danced forward to plop down in front of me.
“I have something for you, Frey.” I simply stared at her.
She was harder to stay mad at.
I expected her to be a pain—it wasn’t as difficult to accept she’d kept the truth from me.
She extracted a small package from beneath her cloak and passed it to me.
I pulled the material aside and saw the V etched into the cover.
I wondered what Chevelle would do if he knew she’d given it to me.
She answered my curious gaze.
“It’s yours, and I think you should be able to read it.” I could do nothing but nod.
It didn’t matter.
Her expression made it clear she considered herself forgiven.
She turned, facing the direction Chevelle had gone, and left me to my discoveries.
I expected fury from my father.
He never failed to disappoint me.
He saw the child, as he called her, as an opportunity.
I shouldn’t have been surprised.
After all, had he not stolen my mother for precisely the same purpose, experimenting with power?
He did, however, concern himself with where I’d found a human.
I refused to tell.
It was the only gift I could give Noble, his safety.
I laughed as I remembered that was how I’d convinced him to stay, promising him protection.
A false promise.
Eventually, one of the servants slipped, revealing they had seen me following my sister.
And just like that, she was to blame for the entire ordeal, even though she’d never known.
She’d been still searching the empty camp.
At least I was off the hook.
I surprised myself by being so slow.
Of course, her sister would have been Aunt Fannie.
For a flash, I felt sympathy for Fannie… but it passed.
Just because life had given her sour grapes didn’t mean she had to stomp them into wine and get drunk.
Had Fannie known all along?
I couldn’t answer that.
But she had been bound, as I was.
The elders were a different story altogether.
My father had given them orders to protect me and the child, and even though they followed through with them, they persisted in chattering about their concerns.
The humans frightened them unreasonably.
They constantly fretted, wanting to keep her, and me, from contaminating anyone else.
I attempted to reason with them, but they turned on me.
“You don’t understand, you never will!
They will consume you.
The humans will consume us all.” Their hands shook as they spat out the words.
I didn’t argue after that.
I wouldn’t have been allowed to leave the castle anyway.
Besides, it kept her from being paraded in front of so many visitors.
I stopped again.
I had been born in a castle.
I sat with the journal for a long moment.
There was no way to reconcile this information with my own thoughts, no way to fill in what the bonds had taken.
It hurt to read this, but there was no not finishing it.
I decided the only way to keep going was if I did it as I had before I’d known it was my mother, as if I were an uninvolved reader.
My Freya has grown into a stubborn and willful child.
She’s prone to fits of screaming or crying.
The emotion frightens the elders.
It comes from her father, yes, but I can’t see how it will harm her.
The humans seemed to live their lives fine, controlling it well enough.
~ I received a visit from my mother’s sister today.
News of the child had reached her and she felt she needed to call on me, now that my mother was not here to guide me.
I was in my room when she arrived.
I heard the two quick raps and then one loud knock from her visits during my childhood and instantly knew it was her.
“Aunt Junnie!” I gushed as she came in.
She wore a simple hooded cloak, seemingly unafraid as she passed the guards at my door.
She walked as though she ruled the castle, not as if she were a light elf in the center of a dark lord’s rule.
She confessed to me a secret her family held, a power I had not known from my mother.
They had kept it from my father, though he had stolen her after hearing a rumor of it.
She passed to me many details of her sister, of the family… my family.
She’d risked so much by coming here, to help me, to help my child.
I would owe her.
I had to stop reading as betrayal ripped through me again.
Junnie.
Ruby laid her hands on mine, which were trembling now, but I would not take the dust again.
Tears streamed silently as I drifted, the ache in my chest only dulled by exhaustion.
I felt weak when I woke, but I was silent about the pain as we continued the journey.
Yearning to avoid my thoughts altogether, I spent much of the day in the mind of my horse.
And the day passed.
It was evening again when we stopped.
I barely noticed the group’s mood; though quiet, they seemed anxious and kept the perimeter close.
Ruby brought me the book again and I took one long, deep breath before I started back.
Freya is growing and strong.
She has amassed a following of sorts, though I suspect it is somehow connected to her frailties.
There is something endearing about it, but some of it worries me.
She doesn’t seem to be able to hear as well as she should through her rounded ears and her voice is oddly alto.
She is a beauty, though, her unusual features earning her extra attention.
The elders express their anxiety again that the humans will consume us, but my father is already discussing arranged marriages, even mentioning Rune’s son, of all people.
He’ll do anything he can to gain power from her.
It was hard to read, this diary.
My mother’s diary.
Her writings went on until they became more erratic, answering questions I didn’t want answered.
My father has taken Freya from me.
He has assigned her tasks, Rune watching over her, testing her.
It’s just as Junnie feared—just what he’d done to my mother.
I will find a way to stop him.
~ The elders are keeping Freya now.
Guards have been assigned to me.
Like a prison.
~ I killed three guards to get to her.
We only had a moment before I was torn away from her, yet I feel I got the message through.
~ She came to see me last night.
I don’t know how she got past the guards.
But I begged her to keep our secret, for her protection…
And then several pages were torn from the diary before it continued.
It was an accident.
A product of her temper, her human emotions.
They were testing her, a servant told me.
Anvil was holding her back, Rune with magic.
She snapped and they saw her power.
Some denied the possibility but not my father.
He has attained his prize, that which he has always coveted.
I will stop him.
~ The plan is forming, but I am unsure whether it will work.
I know I cannot defeat him, and his guard, alone.
But I must protect my Freya.
I must protect us all.
It is the want of power that will consume us.
The want.
The script was shaky, many of her words hard to decipher.
Ominous.
I had no choice but to escape.
I would need a distraction to have any chance.
I went to the village to find my young Noble.
I didn’t expect what was there.
On my way in, I found the spot where we had met so many days.
I almost didn’t recognize it—bare of growth, the dirt patted down from years of wear.
And then I saw him, the man in tattered clothes, hunched with his face in his hands.
He heard me approach and raised his head, the awe all that was recognizable.
“You’re back.” His voice was trembling, feeble.
It was my Noble, young no more.
He had been waiting here for my return.
He was an outcast of the village; no one believed his tales of magic, the mysterious woman he claimed to meet here.
He confessed to spending years trying to find me.
He’d thought I was angry with him and that was why I’d not returned.
He was afraid to leave this spot in case I were to change my mind, forgive him for whatever he’d done.
I pushed the guilt aside when I recalled why I’d had to come here.
For my Freya, to save her.
What my father had done to me, to my mother, I would not let him do to her.
I approached the grieving man and reached out to him.
As I held his hands, I closed my eyes.
I could not watch as I snapped his neck, the way I had with the small boar as my first show of magic to him so long ago.
I placated myself by remembering he would soon be gone, his life so short.
I held him until the daylight began to fade, and then carried his lifeless body into the village.
Proof they would be attacked and killed, proof they must fight the elves.
It was not hard to incite a riot.
They were fearful creatures.
I convinced them to raid the castle, gave them direction.
And then I returned.
I knew I would have time to prepare.
They would be slow to gather and make the journey.
I was thinking of Noble as I resolved to wear the dress meant for our wedding, with its dramatic shape and deep meaning.
I remembered when he’d given it to me, explaining the white stood for innocence.
I had stifled a giggle then.
I could find no humor now.
Yes, it would be fitting.
I knew what was coming.
But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
I didn’t want to continue.
How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?
As they stood protecting me, the betrayal I’d felt before was gone.
In its place was a new hurt, a heart-rending sorrow.
They heard my sobs.
I was aware of their eyes on me before they uncomfortably turned away again.
Chevelle approached me warily as I lay curled in a ball on my blankets, the book positioned in front of me.
He tossed it aside but I no longer cared.
He sat behind me and pulled me into his arms, holding me as I wept.
It was more right than anything had been in a long, long time.
I woke with new resolve.
I stood, prepared to make things right, but something was… off.
The group surrounded me, tense.
I glanced around but couldn’t see why.
And then, from nowhere, I was thrown into the air.
I landed hard against my back.
I slid down, barely standing on my feet.
Someone was in front of me.
Ruby.
I threw my hands back to steady myself.
It felt like a wall of stones behind me.
I didn’t look back, though, because just as I’d regained my footing, I heard the howls.
Before the next breath, a new sound—a closer sound—filled my ears.
Shoosh, shoosh, shoosh.
It took longer than it should have to realize they were arrows.
My mind couldn’t seem to process the scene fast enough.
Before I could distinguish the threats, they were changing.
The hands I’d splayed against the wall of stones for support were now in bonds.
I forced myself to look away from Ruby’s back, her arms stretched out defensively, to see what was holding me.
My breath came then, fierce and gasping.
Panic.
Long vines were wrapping tightly around my wrists, reaching out for my legs.
I burned my right wrist free, fighting to reach my sword before they grew back.
Large thorns burst from the vines on my legs and pierced my skin like daggers.
I barely had the capacity to hope they weren’t poison.
I sliced at them furiously, but I wasn’t fast enough.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw a flash of lightning and it confused me for a moment; no storm was near.
A vine wrapped my shoulder, jerking me back.
I was trapped.
I looked to Ruby, but she could not help me now.
Beyond her, a line of long flowing robes marched through the mist… coming for us.
The sight gave me strength, or courage, or blinding stupidity.
I didn’t know, but I went with it with everything I had.
I was trapped against the wall, unable to move, but there was one thing I could do.
The sun broke through the clouds and I saw precisely what I needed.
A shadow crossed the ground in front of us, a hawk flying overhead.
The corner of my mouth pulled up in a smile as I closed my eyes to join him.
The scene from above was just as incomprehensible.
I focused on one thing at a time.
Directly below me, I saw Grey.
He was caught, wrapped in vines as my own body was.
But there were flames circling his feet.
I followed his gaze to find his opponent, and then dove.
I hadn’t put much planning in this, but I was still running on adrenaline.
I decided the fastest course of action was pecking his eyes out.
It worked.
He threw his hands up, covering his face, screaming.
But he did not attack me.
As I rose back to find my next target, I saw the wolves.
They were also not being attacked, fighting with no opposition.
And then I remembered what Chevelle had said.
They would not kill the animals.
As I laughed, the hawk screeched, and Chevelle and Steed glanced up at the sound.
They were fighting, almost back to back, the bodies of councilmen strewn around them.
I surveyed the land, searching for a stronger animal to jump to, something more harmful.
I ran through my options—where was a quill pig when you needed it?—but I wasn’t able to find anything near.
Evidently the fight had cleared the mountain.
All right, so it was just the hawk.
And the horses.
I quickly passed through their minds, urging them to stampede, and then returned to the sky.
When I entered the bird again, something was wrong.
It wasn’t only the bird, someone was there.
Someone else.
The shock of it threw me back to my own mind.
My eyes shot open and I scanned the scene again.
I forgot what I was looking for when I recognized a face, hooded in a cloak, fighting against her own.
Junnie.
She stared back at me for one brief moment before she turned to fight some invisible foe.
The stunned moment took the last of the borrowed courage from me, and I drew in, afraid, as my body remained encaged in vine and thorns.
My legs were wet with blood, arms deadened to the pain and cold.
I became aware of an unbroken chant, a voice I didn’t recognize, and I turned, stunned again, as I saw Asher.
He wasn’t in the battle.
He stood back, seemingly a bystander as the words flowed from his barely moving lips.
Then he ran.
Confusion again as Junnie followed after him.
Chased him.
Ruby’s whip cracked in front of me and I knew the advance had gotten too far.
And I was tied to a wall.
Why hadn’t they killed me already?
I waited for the flames.
What came instead was far more excruciating.
I expected to collapse as my body disconnected from my mind, but the vines held me in place.
I saw a few final flickers of the battle before my eyes looked toward the sky, rolling back into my head.
I had no way of forming a coherent thought or I might have been afraid.
Chapter Seventeen A Fitting End
I was surprised, in my dreams, that I wasn’t already dead.
For a long time, there was no sound, only those disjointed images.
When the sound came, there was something else wrong.
It was like… like I wasn’t alone.
Someone else was there, dreaming with me, and I could see their dreams.
They mixed with mine, creating chaos.
There were faces I didn’t recognize and those I did.
I dreamt of Steed, winking conspiratorially… mine.
A large and frightening dark-haired man in leather and armor… not mine.
My room in the old tree, my mother’s pendant casting rainbows on the bed… mine.
A long, damp stone corridor lit with torches… not mine.
There was Junnie, her blonde hair shining in the sun as she greeted me at her door on the west side of the village.
And Junnie, mysterious under a hooded cloak, fighting with magic and weaponry, killing members of the council guard.
We sat around a fire, telling stories.
Someone was ribbing Ruby.
Her eyes narrowed when she replied to him, matter-of-factly, “Your mouth is very small.
It’s unattractive.” And her head bobbed side to side as she smiled, pleased with herself.
Anvil laughed and his tongue wagged.
He was holding someone by the arm, preventing them from running away.
Suddenly, my vision changed and I was a hawk, attacking, tearing a piece from his tongue.
And Chevelle.
He was in so many of my dreams.
We were sparring sometimes, clashing swords.
Sometimes he was pummeling me with rocks.
Other times, the moments would have surely made me blush, if I could have felt my cheeks.
He held my face in his hands, declaring his need for me.
“I have wanted you since the moment I first saw you.” But the word burned.
Wanted.
He’d used the wrong word.
Occasionally, I watched as a third person.
My vision would change and my perspective would be off.
Like when I saw Fannie.
She was razing the village, slowly tearing it apart.
Fire and wind and destruction as she cackled and taunted the villagers.
She dropped them as they ran, sometimes snapping their necks, sometimes breaking a leg so they would have to stay alive to watch their homes burn, their families die.
There was a large man who forced me to do magic, testing me until I was on the brink.
He was fierce and wore a long scar across his brow that touched his cheek.
He kept his hair cropped short, not wanting to hide any part of the damage.
And my mother, though my dreams gave her two names.
Dark hair, blowing in the wind, arms outstretched, the pendant hanging at her neck glowing fiercely.
Fire, flames, burning.
And then water.
Drowning.
Over and over and over.
It almost made the cliff dreams more bearable, to be away from the repetitive drowning.
I swam around in these impressions for what seemed like an eternity.
Eventually, they became so familiar they all started to seem like my dreams, not someone else’s.
Then the dreams stopped.
No images flickered behind my lids, yet my eyes did not open.
The muffle in my ears from the drowning dreams was gone.
I could hear clearly, clearer than I’d ever heard.
I hadn’t found my body yet, but I heard conversations, voices I knew.
They were whispers but they were clear.
I listened, hoping to gain clarity… but something was still wrong.
Nothing fit.
They discussed Junnie and Anvil and Fannie, but those all felt like two sets of people now.
They were worried; I could hear the stress in their tones.
How long had I been like this?
It seemed so long, trapped here.
I remembered the vines.
I tried to feel my arms, see if they were still there.
Was that why I couldn’t move?
Was I still tied to a wall?
No, no, I wasn’t tied.
Had the thorns been poisoned?
Was I dying now?
I worked to calm myself.
No, I was getting better, not worse.
I felt a light pressure on my forehead and my eyes flew open instinctively, though I’d had no response from them all the hours I’d struggled to force them open.
It was Ruby.
She sighed with relief.
“Oh, Frey.” I was suddenly surrounded and the sight made my head spin.
I closed my eyes tight in an attempt to stop it.
“Get her a drink,” someone commanded.
I felt the hand in mine then, as it was pulled away, replaced with a glass.
I grimaced; I doubted I could hold a glass up, let alone myself.
“Don’t worry, it’s only water,” someone reassured me.
At the word, I realized I was parched, bone dry.
I forced myself up, keeping my eyes tight as I concentrated on getting the glass to my lips.
They were rough, cracked; I could feel them against the rim of the glass.
I wondered if it was dried blood or if I had been down so long they’d simply split.
I drank the full glass and felt it exchanged for another.
I finished it as well and started to lean back.
There was a pillow behind me now, keeping me in a sitting position.
It was soft.
Everything surrounding me felt warm and smooth.
I opened my eyes gingerly.
I was in a bed.
A very nice bed.
I looked up to see several people leaving.
Steed?
Grey?
I fought panic as I wondered if they’d all made it.
The worry throbbed in my head; it felt like my mind could splinter.
I checked the faces close to me for stress but could see none.
Ruby’s smile was soft.
“How do you feel?” I was having trouble forming a simple answer.
There didn’t seem to be a word for it in the disorder of my brain.
My silence was answer enough.
“It will pass.” I hoped she was right.
Chevelle was watching me, anxious now.
“Is everyone all right?” I asked.
My throat was raw, my voice sounded as if it had been through a grater.
“Are you?” he replied in a low tone.
I couldn’t be sure.
He hesitated, almost not wanting to ask the question he knew he must.
“Can you tell me your name?” “Elfreda,” I answered immediately.
He waited for the rest.
But I had two answers, didn’t I?
I chose.
“Of North Camber.” It must have been the right answer, because he grabbed me, exultant, sighing and kissing my skin.
He held me with a fierceness, a gentleness, that took my breath.
His lips trailed my cheeks, murmuring words and careful of wounds as they swept to a temple, my eyelid, the corner of my mouth.
He lingered there, unable to resist touching the broken skin of my lips, even if it were only feather light, the barest brush of skin.
He drew away slowly, feeling my shock, or seeing it in my eyes, and realizing his mistake.
His expression fell, but he didn’t take his hands away.
He swallowed hard, waiting for my confirmation.
But I wasn’t the other Elfreda, not the long list of binding words that had been my identity for so long.
I couldn’t seem to reconcile the two lives.
“I… I think I’m just Frey.” Chevelle’s hands slid to my shoulders, tension in his grip.
“That’s okay,” Ruby assured me.
“We will find the others,” Chevelle promised, his jaw tight.
I couldn’t tell if the pledge was meant for me or himself.
The others.
I had forgotten, lost for so long in my dreams, the bonds I’d hoped would break, the councilmen we’d need to free me.
I wished I could think clearly.
I tried to remember what had happened, but could only see flames.
A flicker of movement caught my eye and I turned to find a hawk perched on the ledge of a balcony.
Suddenly, I needed fresh air more than anything.
Chevelle helped me to my feet and I walked, a little wobbly, to the door.
I had been dressed in a vest of dark leather and slim pants, carved medallions adorning my chest, but my feet were bare as they crossed the polished stone floor of the bedroom, at ease in a place they seemed to know.
I stepped out into the sun, and I had to steady myself on the stone ledge.
Not because of the lightheadedness, though I was feeling faint, but because below me, before the steps to what I now realized was a castle, a thousand elves watched me.
I sucked in a harsh breath, unable to get my mind to accept what I knew was happening.
I had been so oblivious.
Reading the diary, learning of my mother and her ties to the throne.
It had told of my own life, of what I was to become, a reality that would not be put to rights in my broken mind.
But as I stared down, the assembled pieces of my shattered self held together by no more than tattered bits of string, I understood.
This was my place.
I heard Ruby behind me now.
In a low voice she said, “They have heard of your return.
They have come to see for themselves.” Their rulers had burned, along with so many of their families.
After the massacre, there had been no one.
From the dead, it seemed, I had returned.
Chevelle stepped to my right side, placing something cold and heavy in my hand.
My sword.
I knew what to do then.
I took a deep, steadying breath as I raised the blade to the air.
There was a faint pause, the briefest tick before the bird took flight, its wings hitting wind as the shift began, and then nothing could be heard but my name, roared in the song of the crowd below.
###
Please look for book two in the Frey Saga: Pieces of Eight
Special thanks to Annie, who helped bring Freya to life.
More from Melissa Wright:
The Frey Saga Frey Pieces of Eight Molly (a short story) Rise of the Seven Venom and Steel
Descendants Series Bound by Prophecy Shifting Fate Reign of Shadows
Shattered Realms King of Ash and Bone
Visit the Author on the web at www.melissa-wright.com

* Table of Contents Table of Contents{{{1 ### CONTENTS
[Title Page](Chapter_title.html)
[Books by David Dalglish](Chapter_other_books.html)
[Map](Chapter_map.html)
[Chapter 1](Chapter_01.html)
[Chapter 2](Chapter_02.html)
[Chapter 3](Chapter_03.html)
[Chapter 4](Chapter_04.html)
[Chapter 5](Chapter_05.html)
[Chapter 6](Chapter_06.html)
[Chapter 7](Chapter_07.html)
[Chapter 8](Chapter_08.html)
[Chapter 9](Chapter_09.html)
[Chapter 10](Chapter_10.html)
[Chapter 11](Chapter_11.html)
[Chapter 12](Chapter_12.html)
[Chapter 13](Chapter_13.html)
[Chapter 14](Chapter_14.html)
[Chapter 15](Chapter_15.html)
[Chapter 16](Chapter_16.html)
[Chapter 17](Chapter_17.html)
[Epilogue](Chapter_epilogue.html)
[Note from the Author](Chapter_note_from_author.html)
* Title Page Title Page{{{1 THE WEIGHT OF BLOOD
David Dalglish Smashwords Edition
* Books by David Dalglish Books by David Dalglish{{{1 BOOKS BY DAVID DALGLISH
THE HALF-ORC SERIES
_The Weight of Blood_
_The Cost of Betrayal_
_The Death of Promises_
_The Shadows of Grace_
_A Sliver of Redemption_
_The Prison of Angels_
THE SHADOWDANCE SERIES
_Cloak and Spider (novella)_
_A Dance of Cloaks_
_A Dance of Blades_
_A Dance of Mirrors_
_A Dance of Shadows_
_A Dance of Ghosts_
_A Dance of Chaos_
THE PALADINS
_Night of Wolves_
_Clash of Faiths_
_The Old Ways_
_The Broken Pieces_
THE BREAKING WORLD
_Dawn of Swords_
_Wrath of Lions_
_Blood of Gods_
* Map Map{{{1 !
[map](map.png)
* Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 1
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
The two brothers were almost to the wall when the skulls flew overhead.
“Make them stop!” cried Harruq Tun, hands pressed against his ears.
Beside him, Qurrah Tun stood mesmerized by the sight.
Hundreds of skulls bathed in purple fire sailed over the walls of Veldaren like dark comets.
Gaping mouths shrieked mindless wails, their voices bone-chilling and unrelenting.
A few soldiers fired arrows, but most hid behind their shields.
“Why do you cower?” Qurrah asked, striking his brother on the shoulder.
“The skulls are nuisances, nothing more.”
“Sorry,” Harruq muttered.
He shivered as a skull sailed just above them, its screech turning to chaotic laughter.
The sound raced up and down his spine, triggering fear no matter how irrational.
Qurrah watched as if immune to the sound.
He was so much smaller than Harruq, his slender body wrapped in rags, thin flesh clinging to bone.
Yet he was unafraid.
Shame and embarrassment burned in Harruq’s cheeks.
He towered over his brother, his hands beefy and arms muscular.
Nothing should scare him.
He was supposed to be Qurrah’s protector, not the other way around.
“Where can we climb?” Harruq asked, hoping to get his mind off the skulls.
“There,” Qurrah pointed.
A narrow set of stairs climbed to the parapet and Harruq led the way.
The city gates were lost in the distance, city guards clustered about them.
“Look,” Harruq said.
“Orcs.”
He spoke the word with an odd reverence, but they both understood its significance.
Unlike the humans, the two brothers’ skin was dark and tinged with gray, their ears long and curled to a point.
They were half-orcs, condemned for the tainted blood coursing through their veins.
The people of Veldaren hurled the word at them like a dagger, but in truth neither had ever seen a full orc before.
“Now we’ll finally see,” Qurrah said, “what we are, what we are meant to be.”
Thousands of orcs spilled into the west, needing no light to see in the darkness.
They howled and cheered, drums and war chants mixing with the shrieks of the skulls.
Harruq felt his temples throb.
A wail rolled over him as a deathly comet swirled about, spotting the two and eying them like prey.
Try as he might, he couldn’t stop from shaking.
“Can you stop them?” Harruq asked, squinting at the sky.
“Perhaps,” said Qurrah, eyes distant and unfocused.
“But orcs don’t use necromancy, not if the stories I’ve heard are true.
Someone else travels with them—someone who must be strong.”
“When it comes to this mind stuff, no one’s stronger than you.”
Qurrah chuckled.
“We’ll see.”
He closed his eyes, letting his mind sink into the ether.
Like scent to a bloodhound, Qurrah could sense the magic flowing all about him.
The flame surrounding the skulls flared even brighter, but beneath their tails trailed long threads of silver.
When Qurrah looked up, he saw hundreds of the threads twisting and curling together, coiling toward a hidden presence deep within the orc army.
Taking in a deep breath, Qurrah pooled his strength and focused on the skull taunting his brother, visualizing the thread and seeking to sever it.
There was a pull on his chest—the taste of copper on his tongue.
When he opened his eyes, the skull fell to the battlements.
The jaw snapped and rotting teeth clattered to the streets below.
“You did it!” Harruq picked up the skull, frowning at its ordinariness.
Shrugging, he flung it toward the distant army of orcs.
“Not done yet,” Qurrah said, sweat lining his face, his breathing soft and ragged.
“There’re so many.
So…‌many…”
He closed his eyes.
This time, he didn’t grab just one thread.
He grabbed them all.
They screeched and twisted in his grip.
His head pounded, and the pull on his chest was so great he felt he might pitch over the wall to his death.
Qurrah’s well of magic drained at frightening speed.
He almost let go, but he thought of his brother, shaking under the spell of the skulls.
_No,_ he thought.
_Enough.
Cease your chatter._
He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.
When the necromancer noticed Qurrah’s meddling, his mental link pulsed with incredible energy.
Colors swarmed through his mind, dark purples and reds across a macabre canvas of black.
He felt his chest tightening, his neck constricting.
A scrying eye was upon him, now, and he was losing.
It felt like an arrow pierced his mind, and through it words seeped into his head.
_Run.
Die.
Collapse.
Fear.
Failure._
An apparition swirled before him, blacker than the shadows, red eyes smoldering.
Its rank claws touched his face, turning the sweat on his brow to ice.
The arrow squirmed deeper.
Qurrah focused every bit of his will upon it, desperately seeking to repulse it.
His well of energy, which he’d thought empty, burgeoned and over-flowed.
The arrow snapped, banishing the necromancer’s presence, but leaving a solitary impression squatting at the back of Qurrah’s mind:
Curiosity.
Qurrah opened his eyes.
He lay on his back in his brother’s arms, yet he didn’t remember falling.
“You’re alright!” Harruq hugged him.
Qurrah laughed.
“He lost,” he said, pointing to the night sky.
“And he doesn’t know how badly.”
One by one, the skulls’ fire went out and they fell like morbid hail upon the city.
“Limitless,” Qurrah said, his smile trembling.
Blood ran from his nose, and his skin was so pale Harruq could see his veins.
“The well is limitless.”
His eyes rolled into his head.
Without another word, he collapsed.
He dreamt of fire poured into flesh and a man whose eyes were glass.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Qurrah!” Harruq shouted when his brother finally opened his eyes.
“How long?” Qurrah asked as he lurched onto his feet.
“Not long,” Harruq said, holding Qurrah’s shoulder to steady him.
“The orcs are almost here.”
As if on cue, they heard a collective roar from the south.
Harruq glanced at the stairs along the wall, but Qurrah saw this and shook his head.
“We need to get closer to the fight,” Qurrah said, slurring his words.
“I need to see him.”
“Sure thing,” Harruq agreed.
“Come on.
I have an idea.”
He grabbed Qurrah’s arm and hooked his elbow around it.
Qurrah was too weak to complain, so together they ran down the streets.
They passed closed homes containing people praying for safety and victory.
Looming ahead of them was the southern gate.
Hundreds of soldiers stacked against it, their shields braced and ready.
All along the walls, archers released arrow after arrow into the darkness.
“How are we to get closer?” Qurrah asked.
“Ignore them,” Harruq said.
“I know what I’m doing.”
He led them into an alley in between several worn buildings made of stone.
He stopped just before the next set of homes, for he heard talking.
Holding Qurrah back, he peered around the corner to find a soldier dressed in finely polished armor raising his sword in salute.
At first Harruq did not see who he saluted, but an elf fell from the roof and landed before the soldier.
“An elf,” Harruq whispered, managing to grab Qurrah’s attention.
Now both peered around the corner, curious why such an exotic creature had arrived mere seconds before war.
“Greetings, Dieredon,” the soldier hailed, pulling off his helmet.
He was a middle-aged, blond-haired man who had numerous scars on his face.
“Greetings to you as well, guard captain Antonil,” Dieredon said, taking a step back and kneeling.
“Though I fear greetings is all I may offer you.”
Antonil pointed to the wall, and he asked something which neither could hear when the orc army shouted another communal roar.
“The Ekreissar will not aid you,” Dieredon said when the noise died.
He shook his head, and a bit of sadness crossed his face.
“We have been forbidden.
Ceredon insists this is a minor skirmish, nothing more.
We are not the keepers of man.”
“Minor skirmish?” Antonil shouted.
“What about the necromancer traveling with them?
You’re the one who said he was dangerous, that he might be…”
Another communal roar, even closer.
“I know,” Dieredon glared.
“Forgive me, Antonil.
I will watch, and I will pray.
Whoever started this war will not go unpunished.”
The elf whistled, and to the brothers’ surprise a winged horse landed on the rooftop of a nearby home.
Its skin and mane were sparkling white.
Dieredon bowed one last time and then leapt into the air, using the ledge of a window to swing himself onto the roof.
He mounted his horse, patted her side, and then took off into the night.
“Damn it all!” Antonil shouted, slamming his mailed fist into the wall.
Still shaking his head, he stormed back to the gate, muttering curses.
“What was that all about?” Harruq asked.
“King Vaelor asked for aid and the elves declined,” Qurrah answered, chuckling.
“The King’s pride will not take too kindly to that.”
“He and his pride can suck a rotten egg,” Harruq said.
“Hurry or we’ll miss the battle.”
He pulled his brother down the alley to where a tall, crumbled house leaned near the wall.
“Onto my shoulders,” Harruq suggested, grabbing Qurrah’s knees and hoisting him high.
Qurrah latched onto the roof, paused, and then stepped onto Harruq’s shoulders.
The extra height boosted his head and chest above the roof, allowing him to climb to the top despite a moment of flailing.
Harruq clapped for him, and he smiled at the next roar from the orcs.
It was a goofy smile, and Qurrah recognized the fear hiding behind it.
“Hurry,” Qurrah said as Harruq climbed, using a windowsill as a foothold.
Together, they stood upon the roof and gazed over the wall, mesmerized by the sight before them.
Mere seconds away, hundreds and hundreds of orcs charged.
Their race could see as well in night as in day.
That same racial ability allowed the two brothers to watch the approaching orcs, lean muscle bulging underneath their sweat-glistened pale gray skin.
Some wore mismatched armor, though most had only skulls, straps of leather, and war paint covering their bodies.
Wave after wave of arrows rained upon them, and those who fell were trampled by the rest, but the masses were not even slowed.
Harruq pointed past the army to where a long line of men stood in the distance, carrying no light or torch.
“What are they doing?” he asked.
Qurrah searched the line, and he saw what he suspected.
“The necromancer,” he observed, pointing to the black shape hidden underneath robes and a hood.
“Those alongside him are dead, Harruq.
They serve only him.”
“Huh,” Harruq said.
“Lot of good he’s doing.
How are the orcs going to get through the wall, they have nothing but…”
The man in black robes lifted his hand.
Qurrah saw pale and bony fingers hooked in strange formations.
Then came the fire, erupting as if those fingers were a crack releasing the melted rock of the abyss.
The sudden light blinded them both.
The fire burned through the orcs as a solid beam, melting their bodies and scattering their remains.
When it struck the wooden gate, it exploded.
Wood shattered.
Guards behind the gate howled as molten rock struck them, piercing through their shields and armor.
The orcs roared at the sight, not at all upset at their own losses.
The way into the city was clear.
Axes and swords held high, they rushed the opening.
“A minor skirmish,” Qurrah chuckled, echoing the elf’s words.
“How amusingly wrong.”
Harruq had anticipated watching the fight over the wall from the roof, but instead they turned and watched the orcs slam into the human forces that surrounded the opening.
The first push was brutal.
Screams of pain and the sound of clashing of metal on metal flowed into the city.
Harruq watched an orc wielding two swords cut off the arm of one soldier, and, as the blood from the limb splattered across his face, he turned and decapitated another with two vicious hacks.
The orc roared in victory only to die as a soldier shoved his sword in his side and out his back.
“Will they make it through?” Harruq asked, in awe of the display.
Qurrah glanced over the wall and then back to the main combat.
Archers continued eviscerating the orc forces.
If they could push into the city, their arrows would be a nuisance at best, but it seemed they had underestimated the human soldiers.
“They are running out of time,” Qurrah said.
“But they might.”
He glanced back to the necromancer, and then he saw his eyes, just hints of red underneath the hood of his robes.
Qurrah shivered as whispers shot up his spine.
_You silenced my pets,_ it said.
“I do as I wish,” Qurrah whispered back.
He felt a touch of cold on his fingers, like the fleeting kiss of a corpse lover.
_You ally with the city of men?_
“Again, I do as I wish,” Qurrah whispered.
“Who are you talking to?” Harruq asked.
“Qurrah, what’s going on?”
“Nothing,” Qurrah said.
He tore his gaze back to the fight.
More orcs had pushed inward, leaving them bunched in a wide circle.
They flung themselves against the surrounding guards.
Again he felt a cold chill, this time creeping across his arms like frost spiders.
The sensation of being watched was unbearable.
“We need to move,” he said.
“If the guards falter we might suffer.”
“We’re already high up,” Harruq said.
“We’re perfectly safe…”
“I said now!” Qurrah shouted.
He doubled over, hacking and coughing.
His breath was raspy and weak.
“Please,” he insisted.
“Take me from the wall.” “Alright then,” Harruq said, grabbing his brother’s arm.
“Just hold tight.”
He leapt off the roof, pulling Qurrah with him.
As his feet smacked the hard ground, his knees buckled and he fell back, catching his brother as he did.
Without a word of thanks, Qurrah stepped off him and leaned against the wall.
His whole body shuddered.
He had often looked into the darkness.
For the first time, the darkness had looked back, and it was amused.
Whoever this necromancer was, Qurrah knew he had been an idiot to challenge him.
“Lead the way,” Qurrah said.
“And forgive my outburst.”
“I understand,” Harruq said, ignoring the pain in his knees and the bit of blood running from his elbow to his wrist.
“We need to hurry, though.”
He looped his arm through Qurrah’s and then hurried down the alley.
As a soldier’s body collapsed at the end, the two stopped, and Harruq swore.
“The orcs made it through,” he said, to which Qurrah nodded.
“This could be bad.”
An orc stepped into the alley, blood splashed across his gray skin.
He held a sword in each hand, dripping gore coating both.
Shouting something in a guttural language neither understood, the orc charged.
“Get back,” Harruq ordered as he shoved Qurrah to one side.
He slammed himself against a house, barely dodging a downward chop of the blades.
The orc attacked again, all his strength behind the swing.
Harruq ducked, narrowly avoiding decapitation.
Qurrah lunged before the orc could strike again, latching onto his wrist and letting dark magic flow.
The orc howled at the sensation of a hundred scorpions stinging his flesh.
Flooded with adrenaline, he hurled Qurrah aside, desperate to break the contact between them.
Qurrah’s thin body crumpled against the dirt.
At the sight of it, Harruq felt his rage break loose.
He slammed his fist into the orc’s stomach, followed by a brutal kick to the groin.
Harruq rammed his elbows into the orc’s face, baring his teeth in a feral grin as he felt cartilage crunch.
Staggering back, the orc dropped one of his swords and clutched his face.
“His sword,” Qurrah shouted loud as he could.
“Take it, brother!”
Harruq obeyed without thought.
He dropped to his knees, grabbed the sword, and rolled forward.
Steel smacked where he had been.
Now on his back, Harruq tossed the sword in front of himself, clutching the hilt with both hands.
The orc smashed his own blade downward, and as they connected, Harruq did not feel fear or the strain of his muscles.
He felt exhilarated.
Even though the orc pressed with all his strength, he could not force the kill.
At last, Harruq forced him back, and in the brief opening he spun his sword around and buried half the blade into the orc’s gut.
The orc gasped something unintelligible, dropped his other sword, and fell limp.
Harruq stared at the body, his hands shaking from the excitement and his breath thunderous in his ears.
A hand touched his shoulder.
He recoiled as if struck.
“Well done,” Qurrah said, his eyes locked on the corpse.
Harruq recognized that look.
His brother had seen something he wanted, and he would have it.
“A strong life and a fresh death.”
“The battle?” Harruq asked.
Even as they stood there, he watched several orcs go running past, howling murder.
“We will partake in our own way,” Qurrah said, kneeling beside the orc.
The savage clutched his stomach, his hands the only thing holding in his innards.
Qurrah’s thin, ashen face curled into a sneer.
Harruq turned away.
Perhaps his brother would think him weak, but he would not watch.
He heard a sudden shriek of pain that morphed into a long, drawn-out moan.
As the last of the air left the orc’s lungs, Harruq turned around, startled by the sight.
“Beauty in all things,” Qurrah said, purple light dancing across his face.
“Especially those things that are controlled.”
An orb floated above his open palm, seemingly made of thick, violet smoke.
Within its center, a face shifted, its sunken eyes glaring.
When it opened its mouth, no sound came forth, just a soft puff of ash.
“A soul seeking release,” Qurrah said.
“How destructive, I wonder?”
“Get rid of it,” Harruq said as he picked up the other sword the orc had dropped.
“You disagree?” Qurrah asked, his delight vanishing into a sudden frown.
“No,” Harruq said.
He thought to explain and then just shrugged.
“It makes me uneasy,” he said instead.
“But do as you wish.”
The frailer brother approached the end of the alley where the sound of combat was strongest.
His steps faltered only once.
When Harruq moved to catch him, Qurrah glared and leaned against the side of a house.
When a luckless orc rushed too close to the exit, Qurrah hurled the orb.
Its explosion conjured shadows and shifting mists of violets and purples.
The orc collapsed, white smoke rising softly from his tongue.
In the sudden blinding light, Qurrah laughed.
“Never,” he said, “could I have imagined it so beautiful.”
!
[section break](break.png)
An hour before dawn, the city’s soldiers cornered and killed the last of the orcs.
The Tun brothers were not there to watch, for they had snuck back to the outer wall at Qurrah’s insistence.
“I know his plans,” Qurrah whispered as they stared across the open grass and the arrow-pierced orc bodies that covered it.
“He is familiar to me, though I know him not.”
“He isn’t your former master, is he?” Harruq asked as he adjusted his newly acquired swords.
He had taken a belt and some sheathes from one of the dead bodies, but he was having a devil of a time getting them to fit correctly.
“No,” Qurrah said.
“He is dead.
I killed him.
Whoever this is, he is someone else.
Someone stronger.”
He pointed into the darkness.
“There,” he said.
“He returns.”
Robed in black, the figure approached unseen by the guards.
He lifted his hands, which shone a pallid white in the fading moonlight.
So very slowly their color faded, from white, to gray, to nothing, a darkness surrounding and hiding them.
“What’s going on?” Harruq asked.
He pulled one of his swords out from its sheath, pleased by the feeling of confidence it gave him.
Qurrah said not a word.
His eyes were far away, and his lips moved but produced no sound.
“Qurrah?” Harruq asked again.
“Qurrah!”
He struck his brother on the arm.
Qurrah jolted as if suddenly waking.
“The dead,” Qurrah said.
“They rise.”
Sure enough, the arrow-ridden bodies stirred.
As if of one mind, they rose together, ignoring any injuries upon them.
Some hobbled on broken legs while others shambled with twisted and mangled arms.
The brothers watched as hundreds more lumbered through the still-broken southern gate.
A few belated alarms cried out from the exhausted guards, but they were too few and too late.
Unencumbered, the horde of dead marched out to where the necromancer extended his arms to embrace them.
Harruq and Qurrah watched until the sun rose in the east and all trace of the necromancer vanished.
“What is it he wanted?” Harruq asked, breaking their long silence.
“More dead for his army,” Qurrah surmised.
“No,” Harruq said.
“With you.”
Qurrah nodded, knowing he disrespected his brother to think he might not have noticed.
“He wanted my name,” Qurrah said.
“I did not give it.
I have served a master once.
I will not do so again.”
Harruq frowned but said no more.
Together they climbed down from the wall and returned home.
!
[section break](break.png)
Home to the two half-orcs was in the older, mostly abandoned southern district of Veldaren.
Those with wealth had drifted northeast, closer to the castle and away from the busy streets and markets.
When King Vaelor had ordered all trade to come in through the western gate, and not the south, it had been the final nail in the district’s coffin.
The homeless, hungry, and destitute flooded the rows of abandoned buildings, clawing them away from their legal owners with their very presence, or sometimes their murders.
Harruq and Qurrah played that game well.
They had grown up on the streets of Veldaren and fought for every scrap of food they’d eaten.
They had punched and kicked for every soft, dry bed.
Then, one day, they finally killed.
“A fine home is any home that’s yours,” Harruq said as he forced back a couple planks sealing a window.
“Ain’t that right, Qurrah?”
“Whatever you say.”
Once the window was unblocked, the two climbed in.
They lived in what had once been a large shed.
The door was still boarded shut, but the window, well…
For two such as they, windows worked as well as doors.
They sat diagonally of each other so they had room to stretch their legs.
Harruq unhooked his belt and placed his swords in a corner, brushing their hilts against his fingertips.
“I want to learn how to use them,” he said.
“Think anyone will teach me?”
Qurrah laughed.
“You’ll find plenty who’ll teach you how to die by one,” he said.
“I’m not sure about the other way around.”
Harruq shrugged.
His mind kept replaying the fight with the orc.
Untrained and unprepared, he had still won.
What could he accomplish with training?
How many might fear him if he had skill to match his strength and steel to match his anger?
“I know of a way,” Qurrah said, pulling at one of many loose strands of his robes.
“A way for you to practice.
You saw what I did with that dead body.”
Harruq nodded, disturbed by the hungry look in Qurrah’s eyes.
“I did,” he said, “and it scared the abyss out of me.”
Qurrah dismissed this with a wave of his hand.
“With exposure comes understanding.
I am always in control, so don’t fear what I do.
But I must learn, Harruq.
I have no school, no teacher, nothing but scattered memories of my wretched master when I was nine.
Nevertheless, death…‌death has a way of teaching us things.
I can sense its power so clearly in its presence.
I need it.
You must give it to me.”
Harruq crossed his arms and stared into the corner.
“People die every day here,” he said.
“Shall I find their bodies and bring them to you?”
“For now,” Qurrah said.
“Yes.
If the death is fresh, the power should still linger.”
Harruq reached out, grabbed his brother’s wrist, and clasped his hands in his.
“I won’t like it,” he said.
“But I’ll do it for you.”
“We are better than them,” Qurrah said, standing so he could look through the cracks of the boards across the broken door.
“Stronger.
Life is for those who take it.
I need you to understand this, brother.
Together, we can become something great.”
“Like what?” Harruq asked.
“What can we become?”
Qurrah’s eyes twinkled, but he said not a word.
!
[section break](break.png)
Guard captain Antonil marched through the street, leading fifty of his men marching in perfect union.
His face was a portrait of stoic calm, but it was all a lie.
His heart was troubled and he had not a soul to tell why.
He held a proclamation of King Vaelor to the entire nation of Neldar.
He had argued as best he could, but his words meant little.
When Antonil asked that someone else deliver the proclamation, a frown had crossed the king’s smooth face and he had slammed his lotioned hand against a table.
“It will mean more coming from you!” the king had shouted.
“They will know the seriousness of my order.
I will not be flooded with spies, treated like a mere peasant, and then insulted by such blatant snubbing of my humble call for aid.
Let them know I am king, my dear Antonil.
Make sure they know.”
Antonil halted at the center of Veldaren where the four main roads of the city interconnected and a large marble fountain towered over all.
Not bothering to call for silence or attention, he unrolled the scroll and shouted its edict.
Because of his rank, the troops in attendance, and the overall respect given to the man who had engineered the city’s successful defense only days before, he was quickly given a respectful silence.
“By order of the King, all elves are to be removed from Neldar lands.
They shall not travel within our cities, live in our settlements, or trade with our people.
They are banned in all possible sense of the word.
They have abandoned us, so let us abandon them.
These are the words of your King, Edwin Vaelor, and may they never be forgotten.”
Antonil closed the scroll and then nodded for his soldiers to return to their post.
Holding in a curse, he headed to the royal stables.
He needed to speak with Dieredon and personally break the terrible news.
!
[section break](break.png)
Qurrah smirked as the guard captain hurried away.
“Elves banned,” he said to his brother.
“Amusing, though unnecessary.
Only handfuls live within these walls, and they are just diplomats and messengers.
Our king is a spiteful, paranoid one.”
“Not my king,” Harruq muttered loud as he dared.
He meant to say more but stopped as another man neared the fountain.
He was large, well-muscled, and scratching at a long beard that stretched down to his belt.
In a massive voice, he shouted to the mulling throngs.
“The royal guard is in need of able-bodied men to help rebuild the walls of the city,” he shouted.
“The work will be hard, but we offer a threepence of copper a day.
Come to the castle and ask for Alvrik.”
He repeated the message three more times and then wandered back north.
“A threepence,” Harruq said.
“We could eat well for weeks.”
“The king must be desperate for workers,” Qurrah said.
He raised an eyebrow at his brother.
“I take it you’re interested?”
“I’m strong enough for whatever they want from me,” Harruq insisted.
“We have no need for money.” Qurrah reminded him.
“We take what we need.
We always have.”
“My days are spent in boredom and you know it,” Harruq said.
“How long will they offer that much coin?”
Qurrah popped his neck, wincing as he did.
“So be it,” he conceded.
“Take the work…‌if they’ll take you.”
This put a bit of a damper on Harruq’s enthusiasm.
“Course they will,” he muttered, his frown betraying the confidence in his voice.
“Why wouldn’t they?”
!
[section break](break.png)
“Alvrik,” Harruq muttered as he approached the giant double doors leading into the castle, which were flanked on each side by two soldiers.
“Avrik?
Alrik?
Avlerik?
How the bloody abyss did he say his name?”
He stopped when he realized the soldiers were staring at him with none-too- happy looks on their faces.
“Oh, hello,” he said, doing his best to smile.
“I was looking for, er, Alvrik.
He was just in the center of town, and…”
“Does the orcie want some money?” one of the guards asked.
He jabbed his elbow into the soldier next to him as both laughed in Harruq’s face.
“Just want some work,” he grumbled, his deep voice almost impossible to understand.
“Head around back,” one told him.
“Alvrik will be waiting.”
“That’d be west,” said the same rude guard.
“You know which way west is, right?”
Harruq’s hands opened and closed as he imagined his swords within them, ready to butcher for blood while the soldier proceeded to say the word ‘west’ as long and drawn out as possible.
“Thanks,” he mumbled and hurried off.
Accompanied by a young man scribbling on a sheet of parchment, Alvrik sat at a small table in front of a group of people waiting in line to address him.
Harruq slipped into the back and tried to calm down.
Never before had he done anything like this.
He had stolen food, fled from guards, lived in poverty, and kept to himself.
For he and his brother, that was life.
What the abyss was he doing asking for work?
A swelling of nerves in his gut almost forced him to leave.
Several men in front of him turned away, dejected or angry.
He didn’t hear the reasons why and didn’t want to know.
The idea of so much money, more than enough to buy warm food and clean drink, kept him there.
At last it was his turn, and he approached the table where Alvrik sat chewing on a piece of bone long since void of meat.
“You,” he said before Harruq could mutter a word.
“You don’t look like all the others.”
“I’m not like the others.”
“That so?” Alvrik’s face hadn’t changed in the slightest.
“Tell me why.”
“Stronger,” he said.
“Tougher.
Whatever work you got two men doing, I can do alone.
Whatever hours you got them working, I can do double.”
“A large boast,” Alvrik said.
He took the bone out of his mouth and pointed at Harruq’s ears.
“You got orc blood in you.”
“I do.”
“Will that be a problem?” Alvrik asked.
“Up to all the others you hire,” Harruq said.
“But I’ll be fine.
I don’t start much, but I always finish.”
Alvrik laughed.
He nudged the man next to him, who grabbed the quill.
“Give me your name,” he asked, dabbing the tip into the ink.
“Harruq,” he said.
“Harruq Tun.”
“Well, Harruq,” Alvrik said, slowly nodding his head.
“I’ll see you right here at sunrise tomorrow.
Got that?”
Harruq grinned ear to ear, even his nervousness unable to diminish his excitement.
“I’ll be here before the rooster knows it’s dawn.”
!
[section break](break.png)
A sharp pain in his gut dragged Harruq from his dreams.
He lifted open a single eye and glared at the blurry image of his brother.
“The sun is almost up,” Qurrah said, kicking him again.
“You need to be as well.”
“What are you…‌awww, damn it.”
He sat up straight and shook his head, trying to clear the fuzz that clogged the vast empty space between his ears.
Qurrah helped by offering a third kick, this one right to the kidney.
Harruq gasped and staggered to his feet.
He was outside their little home in seconds, urinating on the grass.
“Hadn’t pissed yet,” Harruq shouted to his brother.
“You could be a bit kinder, you know.”
“At least you’re awake,” Qurrah said back.
“Now get to the castle.
I may not approve, and I still don’t trust them, but for once we might have something worthwhile to eat.
I won’t let a simple thing like sleep keep us from it.”
* Chapter 2 Chapter 2{{{1 2
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Months later, Harruq awoke at the dawn, jerking upward and uttering a sharp gasp.
A constant cry of danger rang in his ears.
A quick survey showed he slept alone in their small shed, his brother missing.
“Qurrah?” he dared ask.
“Outside,” came Qurrah’s muffled reply.
Harruq stretched, pushed away a plank of wood from the window, and climbed out.
The sun was halfway visible, the standard noises of the city only in their infancy.
Leaning against the shed, his eyes staring off toward the sunrise, waited Qurrah.
“What are you doing out here?” Harruq asked.
“Did you sense it?” Qurrah asked.
“Sense what?”
The smaller half-orc shook his head.
“If you must ask then you did not, at least not directly, though I did hear you startle awake.
Perhaps a fleeting glimpse of it…”
“Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms and frowning at him.
“What is this about?
Tell me.”
“Remember the necromancer we witnessed at the siege?” Qurrah asked.
“It is him.
He has haunted my dreams lately, and today he whispered the name of a place I have already researched for my own purposes.
I think we are being guided, though I dare not pretend to know why.”
Harruq shifted, the dark expression on his brother’s face making him uncomfortable.
“What’s the place?” he asked.
“It is where our mother came from,” Qurrah said.
“A town called Woodhaven.
Well, two towns really, Celed and Singhelm.
They have since grown together and merged.
It is an interesting place, Harruq, where elves and men live together, each in their respective parts of the city.
Their tolerance of other races is, obviously, a necessity.
I have thought to take us there.”
“Why do we need to leave?”
“Your work is almost done,” Qurrah said.
“The walls are repaired, and half the men who worked with you have already been cut loose.
I, however, have much to learn but cannot do so here because of prying eyes and attentive ears.
I need privacy.
I need silence.”
“What for?” Harruq asked.
“No,” Qurrah said.
“Don’t ask when you full well know the answer.”
At this Harruq nodded.
Yes, he did know.
Over the past few months, he had killed seven men and carried their bodies to his brother.
“I still have at least a week,” Harruq said.
“Give me until then, alright?
We could use the money.”
“I have saved much of what you earned,” Qurrah said.
“We will be able to eat, not well, but enough to live.”
“If you say so,” Harruq said.
“Good luck with your, uh, studies.
I have a wall to finish building.”
“Stay safe,” Qurrah said, offering a small wave as his brother trudged north.
When he was gone, the smaller half-orc slipped back into the shed, removed a false floorboard, and grasped a small pouch containing various herbs, bones, and knives.
Reaching back in again, he took out an object wrapped in sackcloth and soaked in blood.
A knife in hand, he opened the pouch and closed his eyes.
His mind attuned, he carved into the remains of a man’s heart.
!
[section break](break.png)
On his way back home, the threepence jingling in his hand, Harruq spotted a patrol of guards approaching.
He glanced to the right, where the small alley led back to their shed.
If he hurried, he might be able to make it before they noticed…
He was halfway down the alley when he heard a voice call out.
“Hey!”
Harruq kept going.
He was used to harassment and verbal abuse from the guards.
Once out of sight, though, he was usually out of mind.
He relied on that as he turned a corner into the small space around their shed.
Qurrah, who had been resting on the shallow grass, hurried to his feet at Harruq’s approach.
“What is the matter?” he asked.
“Nothing, but you might want to hide in there.
Quick!”
“I will do no such thing,” Qurrah said.
“I said hey!” shouted the same man.
Harruq stepped in front of Qurrah and then turned, staring down a group of five heavily armored guards.
Swords and clubs hung from their belts, though a fifth carried a weapon neither of them had ever seen before.
It was a wooden stick with a bulbous gem on one end.
“You stop when asked or pay the price,” said one of the guards.
“If he can even understand us,” said another.
“We understand perfectly,” Qurrah said, stepping to one side.
“What has my brother done to warrant your attention?”
“We’re on a quest,” said the man wielding the strange weapon.
He had a stubbly beard and a hooked nose with a thick scar along the top.
“A great quest from the king, you could say.
We’re to rid scum from the city, elven scum.
You know what I think?
I think elves can look like anything.
They’re devious little pricks like that, and you two seem rather ugly and devious, don’t you all agree?”
The other guards laughed and shouted in agreement.
They had spread out, flanking the half-orcs on all sides.
The leader stepped forward and gestured with his weapon.
“You know what this is?
This detects elves, and every elf I find I get to politely escort out of the city.
Oh, and their possessions, well, obviously they were stolen.
That coin you got there, you might as well hand it over before I take it.”
Qurrah glared while Harruq clutched the coins tighter and fought down his anger.
He glanced back to the shed, cursing his idiocy for not retrieving his weapons while he had the chance.
“The coin,” demanded a guard to their right.
“Hand it over.”
“No,” Harruq said.
The leader rammed his fist into the half-orc’s face.
Harruq staggered but held his ground.
Blood ran down his face, and he spat some away from his mouth.
He waited for another punch, but nothing came.
The man was staring in total disbelief at the weapon he held.
As he had stepped closer to punch, the gem at the end had shimmered a soft green.
“Of all the dumb luck,” he said, a grin spreading across his face.
“We got some real elves here!”
They drew their swords.
Harruq held an arm defensively in front of Qurrah, his eyes darting in all directions.
Slowly, the leader extended the stick, poking it against Harruq’s chest.
The soft glow turned into a brilliant flare of emerald.
“Elves,” the man said.
“No doubt about it.”
He laughed to the others and then punched Harruq in the gut.
As the half-orc doubled over, the guard grabbed his hair and tugged.
“Got to be a disguise,” he said.
Another guard used the hilt of his sword to strike Harruq’s back.
The blow blasted the air out of his lungs.
The leader of the guards tugged all along Harruq’s face, pulling hair and scratching skin.
“I’ll be,” he said.
“It is real.
No illusion and no disguise.
You two cretins have god-damned elf blood in you.”
“You jest,” Qurrah said, hanging back and showing no sign of aggression.
The soldiers clearly thought Harruq the more dangerous of the two, and he was more than willing to let them continue thinking that.
“No jest,” the guard said.
“You two are leaving this city, now.”
“My things,” Harruq said, his voice coming out as a weak croak.
“I don’t see anything,” said the guard, scooping down and retrieving the scattered coins Harruq had dropped.
“In the shed,” Qurrah said.
“That where you two live?”
“Yes.”
“Fine,” the leader said.
“Go and get whatever the abyss you can carry.”
Harruq climbed into the shed, throwing Qurrah a worried look before he did.
When he came out holding his sheathed swords to his chest, the guards tensed, readying their weapons.
“Drop those right now,” they ordered him.
Harruq clutched them tight, and the look on his face was clear.
He would fight, and die, before he gave them up.
The lead guard, already having their coin as well as the bonus of having found elves in hiding, was willing to let it slide.
“You draw them, even fiddle with them in their sheaths, you die, that clear?” he told the half-orc.
Harruq nodded, again saying nothing.
“Calm yourself,” Qurrah whispered to his brother as the two marched in front of the guards toward the main streets.
“Trying,” Harruq whispered back.
They marched at sword point.
Onlookers cackled as they passed, figuring the two were thieves or vagrants caught brawling.
Their orcish features lent them no kindness, and a few children even threw rocks until the guards shooed them away.
The whole while Harruq burned with shame and rage.
They reached the western gate, which remained open during the day.
Without ceremony, they were kicked through, both falling to the dirt and scraping their knees.
“Get going,” one said.
“See if somewhere else will take your mutt ass.”
It was not just adrenaline that caused Harruq’s hands to shake, but Qurrah put his hand on his wrist and begged him to calm.
“Never forget this shame,” he said.
“Let it burn in you.
Let it be a reminder of what I have always said.
We are better, superior.
Never feel guilt at what we do to them, for you see what they would do to us.”
Harruq stood, brushed some dirt from his pants, and then offered Qurrah a hand.
Together they trudged west, without food, water, or blankets.
The guards watched them go, smirking all the while.
!
[section break](break.png)
That night Harruq collected a bunch of sticks and twigs, which Qurrah lit with a clap of his hands.
The two huddled over the fire, each lost in their thoughts.
Harruq broke the silence first.
“So where will we go?” he asked.
“Where else is there?” Qurrah said.
“Perhaps we were meant to go to Woodhaven.
The journey will not be long, perhaps a week or two at most.
There are enough animals about for me to kill, so do not worry about food.
As for water, there are many small streams, and we can beg from the occasional farms we pass.
We were to leave anyway, now we do so sooner.”
“Sooner?” Harruq said.
“We paraded through the city like criminals and were tossed out with swords at our backs.
If we were to leave, I wanted to leave on our own terms, not like that.”
He swore a few times, getting progressively more colorful as he went.
“Two minutes alone with that guard,” he muttered.
“I’d have him drinking through a brand new hole in his neck.”
“How skilled are you with those?” Qurrah asked, gesturing at the swords in the grass next to Harruq.
Even though they lived in such cramped quarters, Qurrah still knew very little of Harruq’s life other than what he did at his request.
“I’ve watched the guards training new men,” Harruq said, drawing a blade and holding it with one hand.
“And I’ve been practicing every night after you’re in bed and no one is around to watch and get curious.
Near the castle they have these stumps for smacking with your sword.
Not sure what for, but it helps them, and it seemed to help me.
I snuck over there plenty of times.
No one guards a big, beaten log.”
“But you have yet to face men in combat,” Qurrah said.
“Do not be overzealous about your skills.
Confident, perhaps, but not foolish.
Don’t die on me, brother, for I need you more than ever.”
“Yeah, I know,” Harruq said, growing quiet.
The subject of Qurrah’s experiments always made him uneasy.
“This time there will be a slight difference,” Qurrah said.
“What’s that?”
The half-orc shook his head.
“Not now.
Another time I will explain.”
The two grew quiet, and they stared at the fire as the time passed.
At last, when Harruq was sure Qurrah would not bring up the subject, he spoke.
“About the guards,” he said.
“You think they’re telling the truth?”
Qurrah glanced up.
“About the elven blood in us?”
“Yeah.”
Qurrah chuckled, but it was mirthless.
“I do, and it does not surprise me as much as it should.
I’m not sure who would mate with our mother, but some elf man did.
We are smarter than most realize, you know that.
Our features are sharper, and we only resemble the orcs that attacked Veldaren.
It is a part of us.
Unwanted, perhaps, but I shall not cower and hide a part of who I am.”
“Just strange, is all,” Harruq said.
“Life is strange.”
They both lay down to rest, a new life awaiting them in Woodhaven.
* Chapter 3 Chapter 3{{{1 3
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
In silence, Harruq Tun stared at the body.
Seven, he guessed.
No older than seven.
He didn’t know the boy’s name or why he had wandered into the forest.
The bloodied corpse was sprawled across the knotted roots of a tree, its innards spilled through a massive gash from shoulder to waist.
The eyes remained open, their young innocence spoiled by a lingering look of horror.
_You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
Harruq snarled and shook his head.
He shouldn’t have spoken to him.
Shouldn’t have let him ask questions.
The last of his adrenaline faded as images of the child’s quivering lips and trembling hands haunted his vision.
“Half,” Harruq whispered as he wiped blood from his swords onto the grass.
“Only half.”
The kill had been quick, just a single cut through the shoulder blade, the heart, and then the lung.
No suffering, little pain.
It was all he could offer.
“He’s dead, Qurrah,” the half-orc shouted.
His deep voice, like a bear’s growl, seemed right at home in the forest.
“Come on over.”
Qurrah approached through the trees, clutching a worn bag in his long fingers.
His brown eyes glanced over the dead boy.
He nodded in approval.
“Well done,” Qurrah said.
“Killing kids is hardly worth a well done.”
Qurrah frowned as he glanced from his prize to his brother, who sat against a tree, arms on his knees.
“Take pride in all you do,” Qurrah said.
“Only then will you improve.”
Harruq shrugged.
“You need me?”
The smaller half-orc opened the bag he carried.
Inside were ashes, roots, herbs, and a sharpened knife: all Qurrah needed to work his art.
“No.
You may go.”
Harruq rose, glanced at the body, and then departed.
!
[section break](break.png)
“What are they looking at?” Harruq later asked as the two brothers walked down the winding streets of Woodhaven.
“Let us see,” said Qurrah.
Harruq muscled his way past two men, his brother following in his wake.
They found a proclamation nailed to a post.
“What’s it say?” Harruq asked.
“All children are to be kept outside the boundary of the forest,” Qurrah said, his eyes narrowing.
“Six have been killed by the…”
Qurrah laughed, a hideous sound.
“By the what?” Harruq asked.
“The Forest Butcher,” said an aged woman next to him, her voice creaking as if she had tiny pebbles lodged in her throat.
She glanced back to the worn brown paper.
“Hope they find him.
Been a long time since we had an execution, but whoever that sick bastard is deserves a gruesome one.”
“Such hatred in a meager body,” Qurrah said, and his smile earned him a sneer.
“Come on, Qurrah.
I’m getting hungry,” Harruq said as he trudged off, his hands at his sides grabbing the air where his swords no longer were.
!
[section break](break.png)
The two brothers lived in the poorest part of town, sheltered in an old building long abandoned.
When they had first arrived, several homeless men claimed it as their own.
Harruq had slit their throats when they slept and then Qurrah worked his art.
The few vagabonds left in the city quickly learned to avoid the worn building marked by holes in its roof and long shadows that lingered no matter where the sun shone.
Harruq shoved open the door and then halted as he breathed in the stuffy air.
“Nothing like home, eh?” he said.
“Move, before the meat spoils,” Qurrah said.
The big half-orc stepped out of the way.
Qurrah came through, carrying a slab of meat in his hands.
He weaved across the missing planks in the floor and sat next to a small circle of stones.
Above him was a hole in the ceiling for the smoke to escape.
“Since when has spoiling meat stopped me from eating it?” Harruq asked.
Qurrah laughed.
“Which explains so much.”
Murmuring a few words, he smashed his hands together.
Fire burst to life in the center of the stones.
Harruq grabbed a small pot and brought it to the fire, but Qurrah stopped him.
“There is no need,” he said.
“How come?” Harruq asked.
Qurrah narrowed his eyes and stared at the meat in his hands.
“I have something I wish to try.”
The bigger half-orc stepped back, willing to watch his brother work.
While Harruq was skilled in swords and had all the muscle, Qurrah possessed far more interesting talents.
Qurrah mumbled words, sick and spidery.
The bones in the slab of meat snapped erect as if pulled by invisible strings.
He kept whispering, his eyes wide.
The meat floated from his hands and then lowered into the fire.
Qurrah twirled his finger, and the slab turned as if on a spit.
“We’re eating fancy tonight,” Harruq said, tossing the pot back to its corner.
His stomach growled as the aroma of cooked meat filled his nostrils.
“Glad you approve,” Qurrah said.
They ate in silence until only bones remained, which Qurrah then tucked away in a pouch.
Harruq relaxed and enjoyed the heat while his brother tightened his robe and leaned toward the fire.
“Things are more dangerous now, aren’t they?” Harruq asked after a pause.
Qurrah nodded, his thoughts distant.
“They’re ready for us.
Many elves will be lurking inside the woods as they hunt for the Forest Butcher.” Again Qurrah chuckled at the name his brother had earned.
“Will we stop for a while?” Harruq asked.
The smaller half-orc shook his head.
“Of course not.
I must keep learning, increasing my strength.
We will resume, just this time amid the darkness.”
Harruq nodded, obviously uneasy.
“Hey brother?”
“Yes Harruq?”
“Are you sure what we’re doing isn’t wrong?” He twiddled his fingers, suddenly embarrassed.
“I mean…‌ they’re children.”
Qurrah sighed.
He had sensed apprehension in his brother before, especially when it came to the children.
Such nuisances needed to be eradicated.
“If given a choice,” Qurrah asked, “would you split a seed or burn a flower?
Let the children meet their end before they learn the torment and anguish of their parents.
Besides, kill a child and the mother has one less mouth to feed.
Kill the mother or father and all the children suffer and starve.”
The larger half-orc shrugged.
He was not convinced but that mattered little.
He would trust his wiser brother as he always had.
Qurrah let his eyes drift back to the fire.
“Tomorrow night, bring me a body, but don’t let yourself be caught.
A gruesome execution does not suit my immediate plans.”
“Sure,” Harruq said.
“Whatever you want.”
They slept in their pile of hay and cloth.
Harruq did not wake until late morning, but Qurrah slept far less.
The dream had come again.
!
[section break](break.png)
_W_ _oodhaven burned behind him, billowing smoke.
The sun was gone, and no stars penetrated the blanket of rainless clouds that loomed above.
Far away, a wolf howled._
Come to me, _said a voice.
Qurrah looked to the distance.
He could see a man cloaked in black standing upon a hill.
Red eyes burned through the blackness within his hood.
The feeling of absolute power then was greater than Qurrah had ever felt, greater than even the master of his youth._
Why should I follow?
_Qurrah heard himself ask.
Hands stretched to the heavens, the cloaked man laughed.
His power surged with the laughter, obliterating Qurrah’s ability to stand._
Because I am eternal, _said the figure._ I sire war.
I sow bloodshed.
I create my dead, and the dead follow.
What must I do?
_Qurrah asked._
You know the words.
_As the dream began to shatter, the words did indeed come to his mind.
He could have everything he desired, but to obtain it he must give all he had._
_My life for you._
_Those were the words._
!
[section break](break.png)
The following night, Harruq slipped out into the street.
Lamps were lit here and there, casting shadows across the road.
Harruq stayed far from Celed, the elven side of town, since they sent all their children to be raised in Nellassar, deep in the heart of the Erze forest.
It was the human children, especially the poor and the destitute, that Harruq sought.
Of course, none would be out playing, not with so many dead and missing.
He would need to take different measures.
Not far from their home, a ratty building operated throughout the night.
It was Maggie’s Place, half tavern and half orphanage.
Maggie enjoyed the free labor and the ability to rant and slap her orphan workers without fear of reprisal while still maintaining the image of a heart of gold to her regulars.
The tavern filled the first floor, while the orphanage and a few modest rooms for rent composed the second.
Harruq stepped into the alley beside the tavern and looked up.
A window.
Perfect.
As he searched for a way to scale the wall, he saw a drunken man watching him.
“Get lost,” Harruq growled.
The man obliged, taking his bottle of ale and running.
That taken care of, the half-orc went around back where he found a few worn and uneven crates.
He lifted one and approved of its strength after a simple test.
Satisfied, he went back around and placed it against the wall.
He was about to go back for a second when torchlight flooded the alley.
“Move and you’ll find an arrow in your throat,” said a voice.
“Pincushion him anyway,” urged another.
Harruq held a hand before his eyes, cursing his awful luck.
He saw two figures, night patrolmen, and both human.
One had a readied bow aimed at his neck.
“I haven’t done anything wrong,” Harruq said.
“Sure you haven’t,” one of the patrolmen said.
“Then what’s with the crate?”
The half-orc’s mind groped for a reason.
“Um, well, I needed to piss, so I came out here.”
“So you needed that to go behind?” asked the other.
Harruq nodded.
“Bullshit.
Put your hands up.
I see those sword hilts.”
Harruq mumbled another curse, his pulse racing.
It wouldn’t take long to down the closer soldier, provided the archer wasn’t too good a shot.
Even then, he risked at least two arrows sticking in his flesh.
Unsure of what to do, he played dumb and let the first soldier approach.
“Careful, he’s a biggie,” the bowman said.
“Nothing I can’t handle,” said the other before smashing the butt of his sword into Harruq’s face.
Rage surged through the half-orc’s veins, his orcish side screaming for blood.
He fought it down even as a mailed fist smashed against his spine.
Harruq collapsed to his knees, choking down a furious roar.
“Goes down easy, I say,” the guard said to the bowman.
“How much you want to bet this guy is the sick bastard killing the kids?”
“How much you wanna bet we can hang him even if he isn’t?” the other asked.
Both guards laughed, and the sickness in Harruq’s gut grew.
A boot kicked his stomach, and he knew his patience was near its end.
Visions of ripping out entrails filled his mind, and all his willpower kept him crouched there.
A kick to the face forced him over, and he reached for the impact point along his cheek.
A sword hilt quickly found his exposed chest.
Rolling over only shifted the next few blows to his back.
When the heel of a boot crushed down on his kidney, Harruq felt ready to slaughter, no longer caring if he was caught or killed.
He would make them both pay.
The tip of a sword pressed against the side of his neck, drawing blood from the slightest pressure.
“He looks mad,” said the guard.
“Died fighting us, don’t that sound right?”
Every muscle in Harruq’s body tensed, knowing his moment to act would need to be perfect.
Before he could, a feminine voice shouted down the alley, startling all three.
“Both of you, stop that this instant!”
Through blurred vision, Harruq saw a woman with auburn hair standing at the edge of the alley.
The patrolmen also turned to look, their weapons still in hand.
“Who the abyss…‌oh, go on back to your forest, Aurelia.
Nothing to see here.”
The woman pointed to the bleeding half-orc.
“I see plenty.”
“Just cleaning up some filth.” The bowman shifted his bow onto his shoulder.
“Now move along.”
“I don’t see any filth.
Some blood and dirt, maybe, but no filth.”
Harruq closed his eyes and listened as he tried to slow his pulse.
He had no clue who this Aurelia was, but if she wanted to intervene he was glad to let her.
“This does not concern you, elf,” said one of the guards.
Harruq coughed at this.
The woman saving him was an elf?
Had the world turned upside down?
“Oh really?” Aurelia said.
“How sad.”
“We said go, now, or else.”
“Or else what?”
The sword point left Harruq’s neck, and he assumed the guard made a threatening gesture.
The next few seconds were a jumble.
Sounds of surprised yells and sizzling fire filled the alleyway.
The half-orc lifted his head, gasping at what he saw.
One of the night patrol stood knee deep in dried mud.
The other was hanging upside down from a flaming whip that failed to burn him.
“Get on up, orc,” Aurelia said.
“Or half-orc, whatever you are.
I can only keep them like this for a little while.”
Both men glared at Harruq as he stood, but while their mouths moved and their chests heaved neither produced a sound.
The half-orc looked to the woman shrouded in the shadows cast by the fallen torch of the patrolmen.
“I said move along,” she said.
“I need to give these men a talking to.”
“I’m going,” Harruq grumbled before staggering down the alley.
He did not attempt either stealth or silence.
Seething, he limped back to Qurrah and their home.
Neither said a word as he discarded his armor, tossed his swords into a corner, and crashed onto their bed of straw.
For a long moment, only the sound of Harruq’s heavy breathing filled the room.
“I assume things didn’t go well?” Qurrah finally asked.
Harruq didn’t bother to answer.
!
[section break](break.png)
_T_ _he swarming sensation of power enveloped him.
Beneath angry clouds, the man with red eyes beckoned._
I am waiting, _he said._ All the power of Dezrel is waiting.
What must I do?
_Qurrah asked as he crept up the hill toward the dark man as if approaching a god._
You know the words.
Can I trust you?
_The red eyes flared in laughter._ Can you trust anyone?
_Qurrah crawled faster, knowing the dream was ending.
But it couldn’t end.
He had to know.
He had to decide._
Say them.
Say them and live.
My life for you, _Qurrah shouted as the world crystallized.
A red line slashed across his mind, and as the dream shattered into shards the words of the dark man ripped through him._
Then come reap the rewards.
Qurrah lurched awake, gasping for air.
His throat ached, and he could feel the tiniest trickle of blood down his trachea.
The night was still deep and the town quiet.
Beside him, Harruq snored loud enough to wake the drunkest of men.
Far away, a wolf howl beckoned.
“Sleep well,” Qurrah said, leaving the town.
His doubt faded with each step.
All was identical to his dreams.
A mile from town, he saw the hill, a smoldering fire atop it to guide his way.
Waiting there was the dark man, his red eyes shining down on him as he approached.
“Say the words,” the man in the black robe ordered.
His voice was quiet but deep, a mixture of hate and malice compressed into audible form.
“How can I make such a promise to one whose name I don’t know?” Qurrah asked.
In answer, the man in black stood.
His eyes flared and his arms spread wide.
All his power rolled forth, and on trembling knees the half-orc looked upon a man more ancient than the forests, more powerful than the fury of nature, and more death than life.
“My life for you,” he gasped as a fresh wave of terror crawled over him.
“I would have it no other way,” the man in black said.
“Now tell me your name.”
“I am Qurrah Tun.”
“And I am Velixar.
Rise, Qurrah, and join me by the fire.
Ever since I felt your presence back at Veldaren, I have yearned to speak with you.”
The half-orc took his seat opposite the man.
He stared at Velixar, hardly believing what he saw.
His face was smooth, his lips small, and his sunken eyes glowing a deep crimson.
His features, however, kept changing.
Every time Qurrah blinked the man’s face reassembled in some minutely different way.
No matter how high or low his nose, or how wide or narrow his forehead, those burning eyes remained.
“What are you?” Qurrah asked.
Velixar laughed.
“How much do you know of the gods of this world, Qurrah Tun?”
Qurrah shrugged.
“I know their names and little else.
Karak is death, Ashhur is life, and Celestia everything else, if the ramblings of priests and elves is to be believed.”
Velixar nodded, the fire in his eyes growing.
“This world is young, Qurrah, and Karak and Ashhur are young gods.
Only five-hundred years ago they came and gave life to man.” Those eyes twinkled.
“I was one of the first they made.”
The half-orc pulled his ragged robe tighter about him as he stared into the fire.
“How is that possible?” he asked.
A soft wind blew, making the fire dance, and in the flickering flames Velixar smiled.
“I was the favorite of Karak, my dear orcish friend.
He gave me life when other men would have long turned to dust.
When he was defeated, and his servants were cast into the abyss, I alone escaped punishment.”
“I am not orcish,” Qurrah said, harsher than he meant.
Velixar raised his hand in a small gesture of apology.
“Orcish blood is in your veins, but perhaps I am mistaken.
What are you then?”
“I am a half-orc,” Qurrah said.
His shoulders hunched, and his head lowered as a reluctant bit of shame stung his words.
“The blood of both elves and orcs fills my veins.”
He expected to be scoffed, mocked, or banished.
Instead, Velixar laughed.
“Such blasphemy against the elven goddess,” he said.
“Appropriate, so appropriate.
You have sworn your life to me, half-orc.
You should learn what you stand to gain.”
The cloaked man reached across the fire.
His fingers brushed Qurrah’s pale face.
Sudden, awful pain pierced his skull.
Visions flowed through those fingers, dominant and brutal.
_Qurrah marched through a burning city commanding a legion of walking dead.
Screams of men and women sang a constant chorus, and in the distance, a castle crumbled to stone and dust.
A demonic chant filled his ears, two words repeated again and again.
It was a warcry against all life._
_“For Qurrah!
For Qurrah!”_
_As the vision faded, one last sight burned into Qurrah’s mind: it was he, dressed in deep robes of black, his eyes glowing a bloody crimson._
“That was Veldaren,” Qurrah said as Velixar’s fingers pulled back.
He felt awe and fear at the sight of the magnificent city ablaze.
“I want all of Neldar to burn,” Velixar said, his deep voice rumbling.
“Will you aid me?”
Such a great request, a desire for destruction that most would hesitate before.
For Qurrah, though, it was a fate he had long expected.
It was within his blood, the cursed, the race of the ugly and the destructive.
Yet it had been his elvish blood that had him banished.
Such foolishness.
Such idiocy.
“King Vaelor cowers at the very thought of an elf,” Qurrah said.
“The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
I will punish all of their ignorance.”
“Tomorrow night, come to me,” Velixar said.
“I have much to discuss and you have much to learn.”
Qurrah stood and bowed before his new master.
“I will be here,” he said.
“And I will be ready.”
“Go.” Velixar waved his hand, and Qurrah obeyed.
Harruq was still snoring when Qurrah returned to bed.
If he had not been so preoccupied, he would have noticed the slight irregularity of the snoring and the exaggerated movements of his brother’s chest.
* Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 4
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Harruq hurried down the road, doing his best to pretend he knew what he was doing.
Most of his bruises had already faded, hidden beneath the gray hue of his skin.
He drew many glances, however, and he did his best to ignore them.
The people of Woodhaven accepted him but still viewed his blood in bad regard.
Elves and humans held little love for the orcish kind and had ever since their creation.
That distaste suited Harruq just fine.
Deep down, Harruq felt he deserved their ire.
He stopped by Maggie’s Place, not bothering to go inside.
It was early morning and anyone already drinking would hardly be useful.
Instead, he stopped the first random passerby that appeared to be a kindly person.
“Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked, butchering the pronunciation.
The passerby, an elderly woman, sneered at him.
“Have fun finding that forest slut,” she said before walking on.
Harruq shrugged, deciding his ability to pick kindly people wasn’t very impressive.
He tried again, this time with a tired man trudging down the street.
“Never heard of her,” the man said.
A few more unsuccessful attempts sent Harruq away from Singhelm and further into Celed.
There the reception toward him took a significant turn for the worse.
Many refused to meet his eye or acknowledge his question.
The half-orc’s frustration grew.
“That’s it,” he muttered to himself.
“Just one more and I’m going home.
To the abyss with all this.” An elf approached.
He had long brown hair, walnut eyes, and an elaborate bow slung on his back.
The hardened look on his face gave Harruq little hope.
“Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked anyway.
“Aurelia?” the elf asked.
“Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”
“She, um, I kind of…” The half-orc faltered.
“I owe her a favor.”
The elf smiled as if trying to appear amused, but it faltered miserably.
“You are looking in the wrong place,” he said.
“Search the woods just outside town.
Call her name a couple times.
She’ll hear you.”
“Thank you,” Harruq said, grateful even though his insides churned.
He had faced many men in battle, and yet here he was, his heart skipping beats at the thought of meeting this mysterious Aurelia.
What was wrong with him?
“You are welcome, half-orc,” the elf said before moving on, the bow still hung comfortably on his back.
Harruq watched him go, staring longer than he felt he should.
He couldn’t shake the feeling he was being led into a trap.
“So be it,” he said.
He would not be afraid of meeting an elf in battle.
Grumbling, he stormed off for the forest.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Aurelia!”
No answer.
“Aurelia!
It’s me, from last night!
Can you hear me?”
Only the calm, scattered sounds of the forest returned his call.
“Damn elf,” Harruq grumbled, crossing his arms and looking all about.
“She’s probably not here.
He just sent me out here to look stupid yelling at trees.”
“And what elf would that be?” asked a familiar voice from behind.
Harruq whirled, his heart jumping as Aurelia stepped out from behind a tree.
To his eyes, she was even more beautiful in the streaming daylight.
Long auburn hair trailed past her shoulders, curled, and ended in several thin braids.
Her face and eyes were small, the curve of her bones soft and elegant.
She had small lips locked in a frown as she stood cross-armed, as if waiting on him.
Her ears, upturned at the peak, were tiny even for her race.
She wore a long green dress bound by a golden sash.
“Well?
Who sent you here?” she asked.
“Was it some mean man trying to toy with you?”
“I’m sorry,” Harruq said before resuming his slack-jawed staring.
Aurelia uncrossed her arms, those same soft features turning remarkably fierce as she glared at him.
“Stop that.
If you don’t shut your mouth, I’m turning you into a toad.”
He shut his mouth.
“So why are you here?” she asked.
“I was just, um, I never got a chance to thank you.” Harruq felt his face flush.
This was the most awful thing he had ever done.
He’d prefer to face a dragon in unarmed combat.
He’d have better odds surviving, too, based on Aurelia’s cold, steeled look.
“You came all the way out here to thank me?
Hardly sounds like an orcish thing to do.”
One would not have thought gray skin could turn so red, but it did.
“Well, I still want to repay you.” Harruq held out a small bag containing copper coins.
“It’s all I have.
Please, take it.”
Aurelia glanced at the bag.
“No,” she said.
“But why?”
The elf shook her head.
“Your swords.
Where are they?”
Harruq glanced at his waist.
“They’re at my home,” he said.
“Are you any good with them?”
The half-orc shrugged.
“Better than most.
So yeah.”
The elf looked him up and down, sending chills roaring along his spine.
It seemed so strange that she had saved his life, since at that moment he felt like all she wanted was to see him dead.
“Come tomorrow with swords to spar,” she said at last, tucking a few strands of hair behind her ear.
“You can train me to wield my staff in melee combat.”
“I don’t see a staff,” Harruq said.
“I don’t see any swords either,” she shot back.
“Fine.
When?”
“Tomorrow,” Aurelia said.
“Early morning.”
Harruq nodded, his whole body fidgeting.
Now that he’d found her he wanted nothing more than to escape.
He was supposed to thank her and go, not be mocked and ordered around.
“Go on home,” Aurelia said.
“I’ll be waiting for you.”
He did as commanded, and that fact disturbed him greatly.
Qurrah was awake when he returned.
“Where have you been?” he asked.
“I went out to train,” Harruq said.
“Without them?” Qurrah pointed to Harruq’s swords stacked in the corner.
The larger half-orc shrugged.
“Didn’t need them.”
Harruq went to the other side of the house and started punching holes in the walls.
Qurrah might have inquired further but he was lost in his own secret.
The night didn’t come soon enough for either of the two brothers.
!
[section break](break.png)
The air was cold, a sudden chill from the north chasing away the heat of the day.
Qurrah wrapped himself best he could as he climbed the hill.
He spotted the small fire, and beside it Velixar bathed in its red glow.
The fledgling necromancer took his seat across from the man in black.
“Are you ready to listen?” Velixar asked.
Qurrah nodded.
“Good.
The story of this world’s gods is not lengthy, nor complicated, but it is a story that you must learn.
“Celestia created the rock, the grass, and the water.
Her hand formed the wildlife, and to tend her creation she created elves.
The goddess gave them long life and abundant land so quarrels within their race were of the petty sort.
Then the brother gods came.
Ashhur of Justice, Karak of Order.
There are many worlds beyond our own, Qurrah.
I have seen fleeting glimpses of them in my dreams.
Karak and Ashhur came from one of those worlds, and Celestia welcomed them.
To them she gave the grasslands and rolling hills.
“These brother gods did not make their own creation.
Instead, they made man, much the same as man existed in their former world.
They wanted to make a paradise, one of justice and order.
The world they came from was full of chaos, death, and murder.
This world, this land of Dezrel, would be different.”
Both men shared a soft laugh, Velixar’s far bitterer than Qurrah’s.
“What caused their failure?” Qurrah asked.
“Karak and Ashhur spoiled their creations.
Crops grew bountiful and healthy.
A single prayer cured all sickness and disease.
Mankind spread across the land with remarkable speed, forming two kingdoms.
East of the Rigon River was Neldar, ruled by Karak.
To the west was Mordan, governed by Ashhur.
However, there was a delta at the end of the river controlled by none.
Within were a few small villages with no government, no ruler.
Karak brought his troops to establish order.
Ashhur was quick to defend it, and in turn, claim it as his own.”
“You speak of centuries ago,” Qurrah interrupted.
“Yet you claim to be one of Karak’s first.”
“I was his high priest, half-orc,” Velixar said, his eyes narrowing.
“He blessed me so I would never die of sickness, age, or blade.
I have watched the world evolve, and I have watched gods make war.
Do not accuse me of having a lying tongue.
The truth is always enough, even for those who walk in the darkness.”
“Forgive me, master,” Qurrah said, bowing.
His teeth chattered in the cold.
Velixar waved a hand.
The dwindling fire between them swelled to a healthy blaze.
“The two brothers were arrogant to think they could create a paradise with a creature so full of faults as man,” Velixar continued.
“I saw the battle waged in the small town of Haven, there in the center of the delta.
It is an awesome thing to watch gods duel.
Ashhur fled before either could strike a killing blow.
I summoned our armies, as did the priests of Ashhur.
Think now of the many deformed creatures that walk this world.
Know they were all mere animals before the gods turned them into soldiers for their war.
The elves were vicious in this time, slaying any who dared come near their forests.
But some elves did side with Karak, determined to help end the war so the world could heal.”
“Did Celestia not interfere?” Qurrah asked.
In the darkness, Qurrah watched as Velixar’s face curled into a deep snarl.
“Celestia befriended both brothers, but she took Ashhur to be her lover.
She begged each to stop, though neither listened.
It was a dark time, Qurrah.
All squabbles and wars since are a pittance compared.
Ashhur’s great city of Mordeina nearly toppled to my hand, but then the priests of Ashhur brought the dead to life to fight against us.
Yes, Qurrah, it was the priests of Ashhur, not Karak, who first created the undead.
We were beaten back, forced into Veldaren with little hope of survival.”
The man in black removed his hood to reveal a long scar.
It ran from his left ear, across his throat, and down past the neck of his robe.
“I died in that battle.
Celestia had begged Ashhur to make peace.
He should have listened.
The two gods fought once more as I remained a rotting body.”
The fire between the two suddenly roared with life.
Its flames danced in the air far above their heads.
Amongst the fire’s flickering tails, Qurrah saw images take shape.
They were scattered and random, without time or order.
He saw a small town besieged by corpses.
He saw massive armies of undead marching across the plains to battle a horde of hyena-men.
He saw the walls of a great city smashed to pieces as men climbed over, swords high and armor shining.
And then he saw Karak and Ashhur cross blades.
He tore his eyes from the fire, unable to withstand the strength of the image.
The fire shrank back to a small blaze.
“Most men cowered at the sight of it.
Do not be ashamed,” Velixar said.
“There might have been a victor, but Celestia interfered at last.
She cast each god far beyond the sky, to where she herself had made a home.
She gave half to Ashhur and half to Karak.
The souls of the soldiers who fought and died alongside them were given to their masters.
She cursed the elves who sided with Karak, branding them the ‘orcs,’ or ‘betrayers’ in her tongue.
Once the brother gods were locked away from the world, and each other, Celestia issued her final decree.”
“What was it?” asked Qurrah after Velixar remained quiet for a moment.
“She ordered that Ashhur and Karak continue the fight they refused to end for all eternity.
Many centuries have passed, Qurrah.
I am the hilt of Karak’s sword, the greatest priest in the war against Ashhur, and I have not relinquished my position.”
The man’s eyes grew so bright that the half-orc felt the urge to grovel.
“Ashhur himself killed me.
Karak brought me back.
He cursed those who had failed him, changing his realm into the abyss.
I was the only one he spared, and he gave me life with all of his dwindling power.”
The two sat in silence as the fire crackled between them.
Qurrah dwelt on all he had heard, trying to decide what he believed.
Strange as it seemed to him, he accepted every word.
“So what the priests say of how Karak is the god of death and darkness,” Qurrah asked, “is it true?”
Velixar’s eyes narrowed, and that vicious snarl returned.
“There were good men and evil men in his abyss after the war.
The punishment was not to be eternal, not then, but Celestia chose Ashhur over my master.” Qurrah watched as Velixar’s hands clenched so tight his nails dug deep into his skin.
Flesh tore, but no blood surfaced.
“She took all who were good out of the abyss and gave their care to Ashhur.
Left with nothing but thieves and murderers, Karak had no choice but to make it eternal.
The abyss is dark, Qurrah, and there is fire, but there is also order.”
“What do you wish of me?” Qurrah asked.
Velixar’s face softened into a dark smile.
“To fight the war.
Celestia may have condemned it to continue forever, but she slumbers now.
Harnessing enough power, we can defeat the goddess.
We can bring all of Dezrel under our control and declare victory for Karak.”
Qurrah stood, his eyes glimmering with anticipation.
“Where will we strike first?”
“Woodhaven is a symbol of cooperation between races.
That must be ended.
We will burn Veldaren to ash thereafter.
Once all of Neldar is in chaos, we may proceed however we wish.”
“Will we strike the elves?” Qurrah asked.
“Why do you ask?”
The half-orc laughed.
“Mother was an orc who had lived here in Woodhaven.
I do not know her name, other than what she instructed my brother and I to call her: Mama Tun.
Our father was from Woodhaven, she told us.
We later found out he was an elf, bizarre as it seems.”
“It is a wretched elf who would mate with an orc,” Velixar said.
“No true elf would,” Qurrah said.
“This means he was weak to have done so.
His weakness has seeped into my blood.”
“You hold no weakness,” the man in black said.
“The blood of orcs and elves is more similar than either race would care to admit.
What happened to your mother?”
“I don’t know.
I was sold,” he said, his face visibly darkening.
“To whom?”
“I was never given his name,” Qurrah said.
His voice, already soft and quiet, grew even quieter.
“He was Master.
That was all that mattered.”
“Tell me of your time with Master,” Velixar ordered.
“There is little to tell,” Qurrah said.
“I was his slave.
I cleaned up after him while he fed me scraps of his failed experiments.
I slept in a cage.
One time he caught me practicing words of magic.
As punishment, he shoved a hot poker down my throat, ruining my voice into what you hear now.
One night tribes of hyena-men stormed his tower, wanting vengeance for the many of their kind he had taken to butcher and maim.”
Qurrah kept his eyes low, unable to meet Velixar’s gaze.
“I was afraid when they came, but as I watched Master slaughter hundreds of them with his golems and his shields of bone I felt at home amid the carnage.
I knew then what I was to become.”
“How did you escape?” Velixar asked.
“Master exhausted himself defending his tower,” Qurrah said, waving a dismissive hand.
“He collapsed at the very top.
I cast a spell upon his throat, filling it with ice.
I watched him die and then I left that disgusting place forever.”
“You were a worthy apprentice,” Velixar said.
“Especially to learn such a spell on your own.
Your master was blind.”
“He was weakened,” Qurrah said.
“Even the clumsiest of fighters can slay a sleeping man.”
“How old were you then?” Velixar asked.
“Nine,” Qurrah said.
The man in black shook his head.
His expression showed there would be no further argument.
“If you had been mine at the age of nine…‌ my previous apprentice Xelrak held but a shred of your strength.”
Qurrah straightened at the name.
“I have heard of Xelrak.
He toppled the Citadel.”
Velixar smiled as he remembered a cherished memory.
“Indeed.
It was his finest hour, and a significant victory for Karak.
The paladins of Ashhur are all but crushed.”
“What happened to him?”
His burning eyes held no kindness when the man in black spoke.
“Xelrak failed.
Despite all the power I granted him, he failed.
He tried to destroy the Council of Mages, but they destroyed him instead.” Velixar gave a greedy look at Qurrah.
“He was but a starving boy when I found him.
I gave him a name and lent him my power.
It is how I have survived all these centuries.
I do not risk my own life, choosing instead to give my power to others.
I am the hilt, and my apprentice is the blade.
But you…”
Again that greedy look.
“You are extraordinary.
I do not have to give you unearned power.
I must simply guide and instruct.” Velixar stood, and when his power flared, Qurrah fell to his knees and worshipped his new master.
“You are what I have searched for all these years.
You and I will destroy this world side by side.
We will lay waste to all life and put absolute order upon every last soul.”
“Teach me,” Qurrah said, his mouth buried into the dirt.
“Show me the power I have sought for so very long.”
Velixar looked down at his thin, ragged apprentice.
“Rise.
Let us begin.”
Velixar taught until the stars retreated from the obnoxious sun.
Qurrah returned home, his eyes sagging and his mind exhausted.
When he climbed into bed, he fell asleep instantly.
Not long after, Harruq rose, took his swords, and left for his own meeting.
!
[section break](break.png)
“You’re late,” Aurelia said, stepping out from behind a tree.
Harruq shrugged and held out two branches he had whittled into crude imitations of swords.
“Had to make something for me to spar you with,” he said.
“Those sticks are unnecessary,” Aurelia said as she took up her staff, the tiniest hint of a smile curling on her lips.
“Draw your swords.”
“Are you sure?” Harruq asked, raising an eyebrow and gesturing to her completely unarmored figure.
“I’ll only end up hurting you.”
“You won’t,” she said.
“Here.
Strike me with your blade.”
The half-orc’s jaw dropped a little.
“You’ve lost your mind?”
“I said hit me, orc!” Aurelia shouted.
Harruq snarled, and out came his weapons.
He swung for her face, turning the blade at the last moment so the flat side struck her.
The sword smacked off Aurelia’s cheek as if she were made of stone.
The clear noise rang throughout the forest.
“What the abyss was that?” Harruq asked.
Aurelia laughed.
“I’ve cast an enchantment that protects me from your blades.”
Harruq looked at his weapons and then shrugged.
“Interesting.
Do I get one too?”
In answer, Aurelia smacked her staff against Harruq’s shin.
The half-orc roared in pain as he hopped up and down on one foot.
“Damn it!” he shouted.
“What was that for?”
“Hitting you is my reward for doing well,” she said.
“Consider it my way of making sure you don’t go easy on me.
So are you ready to begin?”
Harruq mumbled something obscene.
He nodded, swinging in a low chop.
As his sword struck her staff, the sparring began.
Aurelia was familiar with her staff, the wood comfortable in her grip.
She had no sense of tactic, though, and all it took was a quick feint or two before she left herself horribly open.
Harruq used only one sword, running it in slow circles, stabs, and the occasional feint.
He enjoyed the steady workout but savored even more watching Aurelia move gracefully through the air.
Whenever his eyes lingered too long, however, he’d feel the sharp sting of Aurelia’s staff against his arms or chest.
When they finished, Harruq slumped onto his rear and rubbed his bruises.
“I shouldn’t be able to hit you,” Aurelia said as she sat across from him, her legs tucked underneath her.
“Yeah, so?” Harruq asked.
“So tomorrow don’t let me hit you,” she said.
The half-orc mumbled and rolled his eyes.
Aurelia leaned back against a tree, her eyes studying him.
Her look gave him shivers, both good and bad.
“Tell me about yourself,” she said.
Harruq raised an eyebrow.
“Your childhood.
Your likes.
Your life.”
“For what reason?” he asked.
“I heard those men.
I saved you from the gallows.
I would prefer to know more about the life I spared.”
Harruq leaned his head on his fist and stared at the grass, growing increasingly uncomfortable.
“I don’t know.
Not too much to tell really.
My brother and I grew up in Veldaren, and about three months ago the king kicked out all elves.
Believe it or not, that included us.”
Aurelia grabbed his sleeve to halt him.
“First, who is your brother?
Second, since when are you elvish?”
The half-orc chuckled, but still kept his eyes downward.
“Our mum was an orc.
Dad was an elf.
Never met dad, and mum sold Qurrah and me when we were both little.
I ran away and lived on the streets of Veldaren.
Found Qurrah about a year or two later, hiding in the streets after he escaped his master.
My brother, well…”
She watched as Harruq struggled through some sort of internal debate.
His brown eyes finally rose to meet hers.
“Qurrah’s like you, but not.
You can cast magic right?” Aurelia nodded.
“Well, he can too.
But he…‌ he’s different.
When we were kids, he found a little mouse.
It was dead as dead can be.
He closed his hands around it, just like this, and then whispered some words he learned from secretly watching Master.”
“Master?” Aurelia asked, interrupting him again.
“Yeah,” Harruq said, frowning.
“My brother didn’t have too much fun before I found him.
We were both sold, but I escaped.
Qurrah, though, he was sold to Master…‌forget it, that’s for another time.
All that matters is that he learned those words before he met me.
He whispered something, opened his hands, and then just like that the mouse got up and started running.”
“He brought it to life?” she asked.
“Well…” Again he stopped, obviously uneasy about what he wanted to say.
“It was still dead, but it was moving now.
That make sense?
Qurrah could make it do whatever he wanted.
He let it run off and die, that first one he showed me.
He was pretty shy about it.
Don’t think he had any idea how I would react.”
Harruq suddenly stopped and laughed.
“You should have seen us, Aurelia.
We spent the rest of the day chasing after mice so we could stomp them and have Qurrah bring them back to do tricks.”
Aurelia smiled at the burly half-orc.
“You really made them do tricks?” she asked.
“Well, yeah, some jumps and flips.
We tried to see how high we could make one climb before…‌ what?”
She was smiling, but when pressed she refused to answer him.
Instead, she stood, brushed off her dress, and flipped her hair over her shoulders.
“Same time tomorrow?” she asked.
“Sure,” Harruq said.
“But how many times will we be doing this?”
Aurelia shrugged.
“Until I feel you have paid me back.”
“So what, a couple days?”
“You know very well I can’t obtain any proficiency in such a short time,” she said.
Harruq shrugged.
“Fine then,” he said.
“How long you want me stuck here with you?”
“Two weeks,” she said.
The elf danced away behind a tree.
Harruq followed, but all he caught when he stepped around was a tiny line of blue fading on the afternoon wind.
“That was interesting,” he said before returning to Woodhaven.
!
[section break](break.png)
Deeper in the forest, Aurelia stepped out of a glowing blue portal.
An elf waited there, an ornate bow slung across his back.
“So do you think it could be him?” he asked her.
“Perhaps,” Aurelia said.
“I think it’s in him.
Something is wrong, though.
He’s too light hearted, too free.”
“What does that mean?” the other elf asked, his fingers twitching at the string of his bow.
“I don’t know, Dieredon.” Aurelia sighed.
“It means he’s capable, but would not do so without reason.
If he’s butchering the children, he’s doing it for someone else.”
“Who?” Dieredon asked.
She shrugged.
“My guess is his brother.
He sounds like a necromancer.”
Dieredon nodded.
“I’ll find him and watch him for a bit.
If either of them slaughters another child, I will see it and put an end to it.”
Aurelia pulled a few strands of hair away from her mouth and tucked them behind her ear.
“This seems like a small matter for a scoutmaster to be involved.
Are you sure you have nothing more important to do?”
“Murdered human children?” Dieredon shrugged.
“Let the humans and orcs do as they wish, but when they butcher their young they must be made to suffer.
You were right to contact me, Aurelia.”
“I hope so,” Aurelia said.
“I saw one of the bodies, and what was done to him, those vile carvings…”
Dieredon kissed her forehead.
“Put it behind you so you may focus on the task at hand.
If the half-orcs are guilty, they will make a mistake soon enough.
Your eyes and ears are vital in confirming their guilt.”
“I’ll try to keep him talking,” Aurelia said.
“And I’ll find out more about his brother.
I hope I can bear Harruq’s company in the meanwhile.
He can be quite a brute sometimes.”
“Come now,” Dieredon said, his face suddenly brightening into a smile.
“He sounds like a real fine man to me.
I wouldn’t be surprised if you two got married.
Perhaps a kid or three.
Little gray-skinned Aurrys crawling over the forest, wouldn’t that be cute?”
She smacked him with her staff and then teleported away, leaving Dieredon to laugh long after her departure.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Where did you get the bruises?” Qurrah asked when Harruq returned to their squalid home.
“Practicing,” Harruq said.
“We have anything to eat?”
His brother motioned to a small plate of bacon and some eggs still in their shells.
“Wonderful.”
The smaller half-orc watched his brother wolf down the meal.
“Would you accompany me into madness?” he asked.
Harruq gave him a funny look, half a piece of bacon still hanging in his mouth.
“Of course I would,” he replied.
“If you go mad, I’ve got no chance in this world.
You brains, me brawn, right?”
“Yes,” Qurrah said absently.
“That’s right.
But would you kill?
Without reason, without pause.
Could you?”
Harruq cracked open an egg and swallowed it raw.
“Don’t I do so already?” he asked.
“If I had to pick between the world and you, the entire world would be a bloody mess.”
He swallowed the other egg, wiped his mouth on his sleeve, and burped.
“Well put, Harruq,” Qurrah said.
* Chapter 5 Chapter 5{{{1 5
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
“Did you practice the spells I taught you?” Velixar asked as Qurrah took his seat by the fire.
“Yes,” Qurrah said.
“I am more than pleased with them.”
“You will need to keep a fresh supply of bones with you,” Velixar said, reaching into his pouch.
“Take these for now until you can obtain more.”
Qurrah accepted the bones, stashing them into a small pocket he had sewn onto his robe.
A silence fell over the two as far away a wolf howled.
“I wonder,” Velixar said, gazing in the direction of the howl.
“Do you have a brother?”
Qurrah shifted his weight a bit.
“Why do you ask?”
Velixar looked up to the moon and stared as he spoke.
“I have had dreams.
I see you beside me, a strong ally, but I see another half-orc leading my army.
He is strong and wields two enormous swords.
Again I ask, do you have a brother?”
Qurrah pulled out a bone from his pouch and stared at it.
“I do,” he said.
“You wish for him to help?”
“He will do more than aid us,” Velixar whispered to the moon.
“His power is as great as yours, Qurrah.
You two are vessels of possibility unseen in centuries.
It is as if one of the gods had a hand in your creation.”
Qurrah chuckled.
“If any god had a hand in creating us, we were forgotten soon after.
We both have suffered, I more than Harruq.
We never had a home or a family.
By will alone we survived.
There is nothing special about us, not even our blood.”
“And that is why you are strong,” the man in black said, his lips ever- changing.
“All things are for a reason.
Even those who dwell in the darkness such as I will not deny this truth.
You were meant for me.
I will train you, and you will aid me in sundering all that brings false stability to this chaotic world.”
“For death and power,” Qurrah whispered.
“For Karak,” Velixar corrected.
“When can I meet your brother?”
The half-orc shrugged.
While he seemed calm, the man in black did not miss how his eyes still refused to meet his.
“Give me time,” Qurrah said.
“Let me make sure he is ready.”
“Is he not open to Karak?” Velixar asked.
“He is open,” Qurrah said a bit too vehemently.
A glare from Velixar calmed him before he continued.
“My brother can be a mindless butcher, but he must be angered or spurned into battle.
When peaceful, his mind entertains ideas that run…‌ contrary to what he and I are.”
“And what is that, Qurrah?
What are you and your brother?”
The fire sparked a shower of orange into the sky as Qurrah spoke.
“Superior.”
In the distance, elven eyes watched that cough of flame stretch to the stars, as well as the sight of those two huddled figures talking long through the night.
!
[section break](break.png)
The first week of training went well for both Harruq and Aurelia.
The half-orc kept on the offensive, determined not to add a fresh set of bruises to his body.
Aurelia still fell for the feints, however slow, but her blocks were already quicker and more precise.
They fought until both collapsed against trees, sweat soaking their bodies.
“You’re starting to get the hang of it,” Harruq said after their fifth session.
“Don’t flatter me,” Aurelia said, refastening one of her braids that had come loose.
“You’re still going too easy.”
“If I move too fast you won’t learn anything,” Harruq insisted.
“How do you know?” she asked.
“Do you train elves often?”
The half-orc grinned.
“All the time.
I’m known for it, in fact.
Harruq Tun, trainer of elves, slayer of dragons, and man of the ladies.”
“Please.” She rolled her eyes.
“Not this lady.”
“Never said you were one, elfie.”
Aurelia gave Harruq a brutal glare.
“And why not?”
He picked at some grass and said nothing.
“Well?” she asked.
“Well what?” He looked up, his face blank and his eyes wide as if he hadn’t a clue.
“Why am I not a lady?” Aurelia asked.
“I don’t know,” Harruq said.
“Did you cast a spell on yourself or something?
Look like one to me.”
She stood and took up her staff.
Instead of grabbing his swords, Harruq ducked behind a tree.
“Don’t hurt me,” he shouted.
His face poked around the tree, his long brown hair falling down past his eyes.
Much as she tried not to, Aurelia burst into laughter.
“Get over here,” she said.
A small silver dagger appeared in her hands.
Harruq eyed it warily.
“What’s that for?” he asked.
“When was the last time you cut your hair?” Aurelia asked.
The half-orc shrugged, for some reason embarrassed.
“I don’t know.
I just hack it off with a sword if it ever gets to be a bother.
Been awhile, though.”
“It shows.” The elf motioned to the grass before her.
“Sit, and tell me another of your wonderful stories while I make you look less like an animal.”
Harruq grumbled, but when she frowned and crossed her arms the normal defiance in him melted away.
He plopped down and sighed.
“Something must be wrong with me,” he said.
“Shut up and start telling me more about yourself.”
“Huh?”
“Just do it.”
So the half-orc shut up, paused, shrugged, and then began.
“Well, this isn’t a happy tale, but it’s the only one I can think of.
It’s about a present Qurrah gave me.
He’s a softie at times, and this is one of them times.”
Aurelia smoothed his hair in her fingers, frowned, and then sliced off a large chunk with the incredibly sharp dagger.
Brown hair fell in clumps at Harruq’s feet.
“You’re going to leave me some up there, right?” he asked.
“Don’t make me cut your ears,” Aurelia warned.
Harruq began his story.
He told her of a gift from his brother, a tiny sword Qurrah had whittled from bone.
A bully had stolen it, but then Qurrah used a dead rat under his control to steal it back while they slept.
The haircut and the story ended at the same time.
Dirty hair was strewn over the grass.
“Never had much,” Harruq said.
“That bone sword was my only possession.
Still had to hide it because of that bully.
You know, it’s probably still there, buried underneath our home.”
“You and your brother had such rough beginnings,” Aurelia said, tucking away the dagger.
“Very rough.”
Harruq shrugged.
“Never seemed a big deal to us.
Others were better off.
A few were worse.
We did what we had to live, just like everybody else.”
He ran a hand through his now shoulder-length hair, shaking away loose strands.
It felt odd having so little hair on his head.
Aurelia sat down on her legs, her hands folded upon her dress.
“Harruq, have you killed before?” she asked.
The half-orc opened his mouth and then closed it.
A boy’s face flashed before his eyes.
_You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
“Yes,” he said at last.
“I’ve killed.”
He eyed Aurelia, desperately wishing to know what she thought yet unable to figure out why he even cared.
He thought he saw pity in her eyes, perhaps compassion.
But there was a hardness there, a doubting that made him wonder just how much of him she truly knew.
“Tell me of the first time,” she said.
He shook his head.
“Not today.
Maybe some other session, if I feel I can.”
They both stood, Aurelia stepping away while Harruq stretched and popped his back.
“Goodbye Harruq,” she said.
The elf was almost past the trees when he spoke.
“Hey, Aurelia?”
“Yes, Harruq?” she said, turning to face him.
“Have you ever killed?”
She paused, and then ever so slightly nodded.
The two parted without another word.
!
[section break](break.png)
“What did you learn this time?” Dieredon asked as Aurelia arrived at their designated spot in the forest.
“Something is wrong,” she told him.
“He’s kind-hearted, even goofy.
He takes to his swordcraft with almost perfectionist precision.
Everything else he does is for fun or survival.” Aurelia sighed and rubbed her hands across her face.
“It could all be an act,” Dieredon ventured.
“Or just a side of his personality.
Perhaps you see the elf in him.
There are multiple sides to all men, for only the insane and the dull contain just one facet to their being.
It could be Harruq’s orcish side that pushes him to kill the children.”
She nodded at the possibility.
“I will defer to your wisdom.
The more time I spend with him, the more I wonder.
What about you?
What have you learned?”
Dieredon’s face darkened.
“His brother worries me.
I have seen him conversing at night with a strange man.”
“Strange?” she asked.
“How so?”
He chuckled.
“It may sound odd, but I can see his eyes.
They burn like fire.
He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.
That doesn’t happen, Aurelia.
If it moves, I can track it.
And I can’t find a thing.”
“These two brothers are certainly a mystery,” Aurelia said.
“When will you meet this other brother?” Dieredon asked.
“Qurrah?” Aurelia shrugged.
“When Harruq is ready for us to meet.”
“Very well.
I will continue tracking them.
There have been no murders for the past few days.
It seems our warnings have worked, for now.”
Aurelia smiled.
“Praise Celestia for that.
May she watch over you, Dieredon.”
“And you as well, Aurelia Thyne,” he replied.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Clear your mind,” Velixar said to his apprentice.
“Let the emptiness give you comfort.”
The wind blew, swirling cold through his ragged clothes.
Velixar watched his apprentice take several deep breaths.
“For this spell to work, you must have a significant idea in mind,” he said.
“Make it bleak and vile.
If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.
“Send the image to me, my apprentice.
Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.
Qurrah was unpracticed, and his delivery brutal.
Still, the vision did come, clouded and chaotic.
_A gang of children slept on a stack of hay.
They were filthy, scrawny, and diseased.
A small rat crept near, its mouth covered with flecks of white foam.
When close enough, it latched onto the hand of the biggest child, who awoke screaming.
Time distorted so that days passed as that scream lingered.
His face paled, his mouth foamed, and then he died, screaming, still screaming._
_The vision ended.
Velixar opened his eyes._
“What is it that I saw?” he asked.
“The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.
“I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.
“Could be darker, though,” he said.
“You need not use memories, but they are easier to project.
Any thought can be sent to those who slumber.
After you have practiced, we will try with images you created on your own.”
The half-orc pulled his robes around him and looked back to the city.
“When will we assault Woodhaven?” he asked.
Velixar’s face was an unmoving stone.
“When did I say we would?”
“When we first met,” Qurrah said.
“You said the cooperation between the races needs to end.
If we are to destroy our home, I must know when.”
Then Velixar did something completely unexpected.
He laughed.
“It will not be our hands that destroy Woodhaven,” Velixar said.
“King Vaelor will do so for us by starting a war that will give us the dead we need.”
“How?” Qurrah asked.
The fire burned in Velixar’s eyes, deep with anticipation.
“I will darken his dreams, just as I have shown you.
He is a cowardly man, and fears the elves already.
I played a large part in his decision to banish the elves from the city.
After I’m done, he will want them gone from all his lands, including here.”
The man in black gestured to the city nestled against the forest.
“This city has long been treated neutral, even though it resides within Neldar’s border.
The elves will not take kindly to removal from a home many have lived in since before our dear king’s grandparents were alive.”
“I eagerly await the bloodshed,” Qurrah said.
He bowed to his master.
“Go.
The night is young.
Taint the dreams of the slumbering.”
Qurrah left Velixar to sit alone before the fire.
The dark night sang a song of crickets and wind.
In the quiet, Dieredon entered the light of the fire.
“Greetings, traveler,” the elf said, bowing.
“The town is not far, and all are welcome.
Would you not sleep in safety rather than in the wild?”
Velixar looked at the elf, dressed in camouflaged armor and holding his wicked bow.
“You are a scoutmaster for the Quellan elves, are you not?” he asked.
“I am.
And you have remained outside our village for several days yet vanish with the morning sun.”
“Have I done something wrong?” Velixar asked.
Dieredon frowned, noticing the subtle yet constant changes to the man’s facial features.
His instincts cried out in warning.
This man was dangerous.
“Children have been dying in our forest, all found horribly butchered,” Dieredon said.
“As you can plainly see, I am nowhere near the forest,” Velixar said.
His voice was calm, disarming.
Dieredon did not buy it.
“Give me your name,” he said.
“Earn the privilege,” Velixar countered.
The elf’s arms blurred, and then the bow was in his hands.
He pulled no arrow, though, for he held the weapon much like one would hold a staff.
“Leave this place,” Dieredon ordered as two long blades snapped out of either side of the bow and many spikes punched out the front.
The man in black rose to his feet, an aura of death and despair rolling out around him.
“You should not threaten those who can rip the bones from your body with a thought,” he said, his voice dripping with venom.
“And you should not threaten an elf who can tear out your throat before a single word of a spell may pass through your lips.
Go.
Now.”
“As you wish,” Velixar said, giving a low, mocking bow.
Then he was gone, fading away like smoke on a strong wind.
Dieredon sprinted back to Woodhaven, knowing that the darkness was no longer safe to him.
* Chapter 6 Chapter 6{{{1 6
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
One sword came from above, aiming for her shoulder, while the other thrust low.
The staff twirled, batting the thrust to one side.
Aurelia spun, evading a downward strike slicing through the air by just an inch.
She continued the turn, her staff whirling.
The swords sliced, trying to block, but they were too slow.
The staff cracked against Harruq’s forehead.
He staggered backward, his eyes going wide and blank.
“You could fell an ogre with that hit,” he said.
“Very funny,” Aurelia said.
She smiled.
“That was my first good hit of the day.
Mind if we make it the last?”
“I’m doomed,” Harruq said, ignoring her.
“Oh, the agony.
What a way to die.” He collapsed, his arms splayed wide and his tongue hanging out of his mouth.
Aurelia giggled.
“Never thought a half-orc dying could be so adorable.”
His eyes flared wide.
“I’m not!” he insisted.
She slid over beside him, her long hair cascading toward his face.
“Oh, but I think you are,” she said.
“Since you’re down here, how about I—”
“I’m fine.
I’m fine.” Harruq sat up, breathing heavily even though the sparring match had been relatively casual.
The elf smirked and trotted away.
“Hey, Aurelia,” Harruq said.
“Yes, Harruq?” She turned around.
Harruq tapped his fingers against the hilts of his swords and glanced about the clearing.
“I…‌you still want to hear that story?” he asked.
The playful atmosphere vanished into the trees.
Aurelia returned and sat on her heels.
She placed a hand on his shoulder.
He tensed and jerked away, then blushed at his reaction.
“Sorry,” Harruq stood up, his face burning red.
“This is stupid.
I’m leaving.”
“Stay, please,” Aurelia said.
The half-orc halted, turned, and sat back down.
His face was still beet red but the elf paid it no mind.
“Alright,” Harruq grumbled.
“No interrupting, and no saying a thing.
I just want to get this over with.
Don’t even know why I’m telling you this.”
“Because you must,” she said, a bit of her stubbornness returning.
“Because I need to know.”
The half-orc nodded.
He began his story.
“The only money I ever made was working for the king,” Harruq said.
“This was after the orcs attacked Veldaren about a year ago and busted up the walls.
They were hiring everybody to help rebuild and I was just as strong then as I am now.
They weren’t paying much, but you got to remember we were stealing food to live.
Those few coins they gave me were a treasure.
“Most didn’t mind me working with ’em.
I worked hard, harder than most, and I kept my mouth shut if you can believe it.
Only one guy there hated me, and I mean hated.
Perry was his name.
Always calling me names, trying to make me lose my balance while lifting and carrying things.
Then he did something stupid, Aurelia.
He did that in front of Qurrah.”
Harruq thrust out his chin and squinted.
“This was how that Perry guy looked.
Seen dogs look more human.
He was strong, and I think he was the strongest before I showed up.
I told him about this contest me and Qurrah made up, some arm wrestling thing.
Guy was drunk out of his mind, so when I told him we could win four gold coins he should have figured something was off.
“We met after work, just past sundown, and I led him straight to Qurrah, who cast a spell on Perry then, kind of like you did with the guards.
He shouted until his head turned purple but made no sound for the effort.
Then Qurrah cast another spell that made him go all tough and rigid.
Felt like I was holding a stick.
We took him inside and put him on the floor.
“He wasn’t supposed to die,” Harruq said, staring right into Aurelia’s eyes so she would know he spoke the truth.
“We didn’t mean to have what happened happen, but well…‌Qurrah put a bunch of meat on Perry’s face.
It was old and rancid.
Poor guy still had to keep smelling it though, and then Qurrah cast his spell.
“The meat started bubbling and turning watery.
It ran down his face, getting into his eyes.
It burned him.
His skin turned black, like it was rotting.
He called me dogface all the time, Perry did.
We were making him just like what he called me.
A dogface.
But it went wrong.
I yelled at Qurrah to stop, and I think he wanted to, but he kept shrieking more of that curse.
Then he…”
Harruq rubbed his eyes and refused to meet Aurelia’s gaze.
“And then Qurrah removed the spells that kept him from talking and moving.
He screamed and screamed and he just, he just…‌he tore off his own face.
He reached up and yanked that mess off him.
He died.
Qurrah fell over, too weak to stand.
Never seen him so scared in my life.
He kept staring at that guy’s face and blubbering, saying he didn’t mean to.
That’s all he said, over and over.
He didn’t mean to.
He tried to stop.
We burned the body and haven’t ever talked about it since.”
Silence filled their clearing as Harruq’s story ended.
“I asked for the first time you killed,” Aurelia said after an agonizingly long pause.
“I know,” Harruq said.
“And I did.
I brought Perry to Qurrah.
I failed to stop him when I saw something was wrong.
If there is blame, it falls on me.”
The elf stared off into the forest, her brown eyes seeing nothing.
Harruq and Qurrah’s relationship could not be clearer to her mind.
Qurrah directed, Qurrah ordered, and then Harruq bore the guilt and the blame.
Did Harruq ever consider disobedience?
She didn’t know.
“We done here?” the half-orc asked.
He left without giving her a chance to answer.
!
[section break](break.png)
The final days of sparring with Aurelia passed quietly and swiftly.
Aurelia asked for no stories and Harruq told her none.
They simply enjoyed each other’s company, fought to the extent of their skill, and then parted.
On the fourteenth and final day, however, Harruq was in an unusually quiet mood.
His mind refused to stay on the mock combat, and many times a quick jab of Aurelia’s staff cracked his arm or wrist when he should have easily deflected it away.
Finally, the elf called it a day.
She set aside her staff.
“I thank you for sparring with me,” she told him.
“It’s nothing,” he said.
“Better to spar with someone than practice alone.”
Aurelia smiled.
“You’re different than what I expected, Harruq.
Smarter, too.”
Harruq blushed.
“No need for lies,” he said.
The elf laughed a little but said nothing.
Instead, she walked over and gave Harruq a quick peck on the cheek.
“Keep your big butt safe, okay?” she said.
The half-orc tried to answer but his mouth refused to cooperate.
Somehow, it seemed to have become unhinged.
Besides, it wasn’t as if he could think of anything to say.
All his mind could concentrate on was the feel of the elf’s soft lips on his cheek, the flowery scent of her perfume mixed with sweat, and the quick brush of her breasts against his arm.
By the time his jaw and mind began working again, Aurelia was laughing.
“What’s so funny?” he demanded.
The elf smiled.
“Nothing.
Just a big stupid half-orc I’m going to miss.
Bye-bye.”
She waved and then vanished into the forest.
For a long time, Harruq remained.
He ran a hand through his hair and pondered what in the abyss was wrong with him.
“Never get involved with elves,” he mumbled.
“Never ever should have gotten myself screwed up like this.”
But a part of him liked it, and that scared him even more.
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq arrived at the clearing the next morning at the same time as always.
Aurelia stepped out from behind a tree, her cold, emotionless face so different from the previous day.
“We have sparred our two weeks, Harruq,” she said.
“You have no need to come here.”
“Yeah, well, you heard what I said yesterday,” Harruq said, his face red.
“What was that?”
He kicked a rock.
“It’s better to spar with another, remember?”
Aurelia frowned.
“You know I am a sorceress.
My time should be spent studying my craft.
I only wanted to be proficient with my staff, not a master.”
A tiny bit of panic crept into Harruq’s voice.
“Yeah, but, but, it’s only an hour or two, and who said you were proficient anyway?
I could beat you without trying, and so could anyone better than me.
It would be stupid now to just stop and…”
Aurelia crossed the distance between them and placed her hand across his mouth to shut him up.
A grin lit her entire face.
“Okay, Harruq.
I will do as you wish and keep meeting with you.”
“For sparring,” he said after she pulled her hand away.
“Sure.
That too.”
Harruq blushed but let it go.
“Well, you ready to go, little elfie?” he said, trying act gruff.
“Of course.” Aurelia retrieved her staff, smiling to herself.
The offer flattered her more than Harruq could know.
“Well,” Aurelia said, twirling her staff.
“Ready for a go?”
“Oh yeah,” Harruq said, drawing his swords.
“You’ve got no idea.”
But she did, and it made her laugh all the more.
* Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 7
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
“It is time I met your brother,” Velixar said as the clouds rolled above, obscuring the waning moon.
He had trained with Qurrah for almost two months, and over that time the half-orc had grown greatly in power.
“King Vaelor’s nightmares have never been stronger, and he will act upon them soon.”
“I am not sure Harruq is ready,” Qurrah said.
“It is difficult enough bringing me here.
The two of us sneaking out each night might be noticed.”
“You will draw no attention,” Velixar said, ending the debate.
“Bring him.
Let him swear his life to me.”
“As you wish, my master,” Qurrah said with a bow.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Hey Aurry, I got something for you!”
Harruq tramped into the clearing, his two swords sheathed.
Aurelia waited there, her arms crossed.
“A present from a half-orc,” she said.
“Should I be worried?”
“Nope.
Just take it.” He held out a small brown box.
It was in poor shape, picked out of a heap of trash, but the elf could see the great care spent attempting to clean and fix it.
“What is inside?” she asked as she took the box.
“Open it,” Harruq said.
“You’ll see.”
Aurelia pried off the lid and peered inside.
A small bouquet of flowers lay on the bottom of the box.
She lifted them up, smiling at the violets, blues, and reds.
“That’s sweet Harruq, but why?”
“Just to, you know.” He kicked a rock.
“Wanted to thank you for sparring with me,” he said.
“They’re beautiful,” Aurelia said as she inhaled the aroma.
“But why the box?”
Harruq turned a new shade of red.
“Well, I’d look weird walking down the street with those flowers in hand.
I do have a reputation to keep.”
The elf laughed.
“Thank you, Harruq.
Are you ready to begin?”
He nodded, eager to have the awkwardness pass.
Aurelia twirled the staff in her hands as her smile faded into seriousness.
Harruq drew his swords, and then they sparred.
!
[section break](break.png)
“You’re out later than normal,” Qurrah said when Harruq returned to their home.
“I get restless stuck in here,” he said.
He dropped his weapons in the corner, shed much of his leather armor, and then released a loud groan as he settled down.
“Harruq, I must ask a favor of you,” Qurrah said.
He sat next to his brother.
“Sure thing,” Harruq said.
“What you need?”
Qurrah fiddled with the bones in his pouch.
“There is someone I need you to meet.”
Harruq raised an eyebrow.
“The person you’ve been sneaking off to each night?” he asked.
“You know?” Qurrah asked.
“Course,” he said, shrugging.
“You’re sneaky, brother, but I’m not as deep a sleeper as you think I am.
So who is this person?”
Qurrah bit his lower lip.
“His name is…‌he will tell you his name.
He is powerful, Harruq.
Very powerful.
I’ve taken him as my teacher, and I want him to become yours as well.”
Harruq raised his arms and flexed, watching his calloused hands open and close.
“What can a teacher of magic offer me?” he asked.
Qurrah chuckled.
“You’d be surprised,” he replied.
“But will you accompany me tonight?”
“Fine, fine, I will,” he said.
“You will impress him, Harruq, do not worry about that.”
Qurrah left his brother to rest.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Grab my wrist,” Qurrah said as the dark cloud arrived that night.
Harruq did so, and together they stepped inside.
He felt an unseen hand grab his chest, and then they were running blind.
The minutes crawled, their frantic breathing the only audible sound.
Qurrah lagged further and further behind, unable to keep the pace.
Harruq tightened his grip on his wrist and pulled him along.
The terrain sloped beneath them as they climbed a hill.
Another quick shift and they were stumbling down that same hill.
The cold hand vanished.
The cloud dissipated.
Before him, standing with his arms crossed, waited Velixar.
Qurrah stunned his brother by falling to one knee and bowing his head.
“Greetings, master,” Qurrah said.
“I have brought him as you asked.”
Delighted, Velixar grinned as he surveyed the tall, muscular half-orc.
As with Qurrah, he saw the untapped potential, incredible strength, and skill waiting for a purpose to harness it.
The subtle shift of Velixar’s features slowed as he approached.
When he spoke in his deep, rumbling voice, Harruq struggled against a sudden urge to join his brother on one knee.
“So you are Harruq?” the man in black asked.
“I am,” Harruq said.
Velixar reached out a hand.
It was frail, bony.
So similar to his brother’s.
“Kneel.”
Harruq did so unwillingly.
“I am Velixar,” he continued.
“I am the voice of Karak.
I’ve heard much about you, Harruq Tun, bastard child of an orcish womb.
You are strong, and I sense your anger raging to be unleashed.”
Harruq trembled, indeed feeling that anger.
He felt it deep inside his chest, urging him to rise and defy Velixar.
“The orcish were elves who swore their lives to Karak.
Part of you still yearns to do what your ancestors have done.
They reveled in bloodshed, warred against men who followed a false god.
I offer you a chance to do as you were meant to and serve Karak.
Answer me this question, half-orc.
Do you love your brother?”
A chill ran through his spine.
He glanced to Qurrah, who still knelt.
His eyes were focused on him.
In them, he saw pride.
“Aye, I do,” Harruq said.
“I would do anything for him.”
Velixar let his hand slowly lower until his fingertips hovered before Harruq’s forehead.
“Then I ask you this: will you devote your life to the protection of his?
Will you swear your life to me, as your brother has?
I can guide you, teach you, and give you the power to protect him.
Answer me.”
Harruq looked once more at his brother and then let his head fall.
“I swear my life to you.
And to Qurrah.”
“I would have it no other way,” Velixar said.
A hand touched his forehead.
All the anger that had raged inside Harruq roared like a fire suddenly loosed upon a dry forest.
Sweat poured from his skin.
His head jerked upward, his eyes soaking in the white of Velixar’s hand and the dim glow of the stars.
Power flowed into him, his muscles stretching and tightening in a chaotic manner.
“Rise, Harruq Tun,” Velixar said.
“Revel in the power of Karak.”
“By the gods, brother, if you could see yourself,” Qurrah said, his voice full of shock and wonder.
“Just one god, Qurrah,” Velixar corrected.
“All this by the hand of one.
I am that hand.”
Harruq stood and looked down.
His arms and legs bulged with muscle.
He flexed his arm and stared at the growth that traveled all the way up to his neck.
He felt within himself a lifewell of energy, one infinitely deep.
“Discard your swords, Harruq,” Velixar said.
“You are the protector of my disciple.
You deserve better.”
He slid his two swords out from their sheaths, stunned by the ease in which he moved them.
It was if they went from being made of steel to air.
He tossed them aside.
Velixar pulled from within his cloak a chest the size of a small stone.
He placed it on the grass where it shone gold in the light of the stars.
As the two brothers watched, he whispered a few words of magic, enlarging the chest to normal size.
“Over the centuries, I have gathered many items to aid those who would swear their lives to me,” Velixar said.
The locks clicked open, the lid raised, and then he reached inside and pulled out two swords sheathed in gleaming obsidian.
“These swords were once wielded by Aerland Shen.
He led the elves that aided Karak in the great war against Ashhur.
When Celestia cursed his kind, they shared his curse.” Velixar smiled at Harruq, his eyes gleaming.
“Long have I waited for someone to wield these blades.
An elf crafted and used them in battle, an elf cursed into an orc.
These swords can only be held by one who has the blood of both inside him.” Velixar held the hilts out to Harruq, who drew one from its sheath.
The sword’s blade was deep black and wreathed in a soft red glow.
He weaved it through the air, his mouth agape at the ease in which it glided.
“They are not as long as your previous weapons,” Velixar said, “but you will adjust.
These blades will make you faster and more skillful than ever before.
Forget everything you know about yourself, and know only that you are unstoppable.”
Harruq took the other sword and held both in his hands.
He noticed the writing that flared on each hilt, one red, the other gold.
“What do they say?” he asked, staring at them in wonder.
“Condemnation and Salvation.
You are judgment, Harruq.
May it be swift and merciless.”
Harruq sheathed the swords and clipped them to his belt.
He knelt as his head swirled.
“Thank you, master.”
“None are more deserving,” Qurrah said, putting an arm on his brother’s shoulder.
“There is one, and it is you, Qurrah,” Velixar said.
He pulled out one item more before closing the chest and shrinking it back to its original size.
In his hand remained a long black whip that curled about as if alive.
“Weapons may not be your preference, but I trust you will find some use for this.”
As both brothers watched, the whip burst into flame.
Velixar cracked it once to the grass, instantly charring the green earth into ash.
“Why?” Qurrah asked.
“Magic is not your greatest weapon, my disciple.
Fear and pain are, and this whip is capable of producing both.”
The fire died as the whip wound itself around Velixar’s arm like a snake.
He held it out to Qurrah, who took it with great reverence.
“With but a thought it will strike as you wish,” his master told him.
“Let it learn your heart, and you will find it more than sufficient.” Velixar held out his arms and smiled at the two half-orc brothers.
They both knelt before him, basking in his unhidden power.
“It is time you used these gifts.
Not far is a small village.
Go to it.
Slaughter everyone without exception.”
Harruq’s muscles screamed for use.
He could barely register the request asked of him.
All he could think of was wielding his swords in battle.
“Which way do we go?” he asked.
“I know the way,” Qurrah said, his eyes lingering on the whip curled about his right arm.
“Their nightmares are crying out to me.
You have prepared them, haven’t you master?”
The man in black nodded.
“They know death is coming.
So go.”
Qurrah bowed once more and then began walking west.
Harruq followed.
As the two left his sight Velixar broke out in hysterical laughter.
“Yes, I do believe the time has come,” the man said to his master.
“Celestia has faltered greatly to let them fall into our hands.” He paused, listening to the soft whisper of Karak in his mind.
“Perhaps.
With Qurrah’s magic as strong as it is, I have an ally worthy of your name.
All of Neldar will burn, and thereafter, you will have your freedom!”
Velixar traveled west, following unseen after his two apprentices.
He would witness their first true test, and he would bask in the bloodshed that was sure to come.
!
[section break](break.png)
The two traveled over the gentle hills, only the rough gasps of Qurrah’s breathing breaking the silence.
As the two neared the village, Harruq dared to speak.
“Qurrah,” he asked, “who is this Velixar?”
“He is a teacher,” the half-orc whispered in between ragged breaths.
“One wiser than I ever thought possible.”
“So we’ll do what he says?
We’ll kill the village, all of them, without reason?”
Qurrah stopped their progress by turning and placing his hands on his brother’s shoulders.
His eyes burned into Harruq’s, so strong in force that the larger brother could not look away.
“You have done much for me without question, without pause.
This is different.
Velixar has given us the power and privilege to do what we were always meant to do.
I need you to embrace this.
Velixar’s reason is the only reason we need, that we will ever need.
It is in our blood, our orcish blood, and that is a weight even your muscles cannot hold back.
We are killers, murderers, butchers, now granted purpose within that.
That is our fate.
That is our reason.
Do you understand?”
Harruq’s fingers traced the hilts of his new swords.
He knew what his brother asked.
He had killed before, but this was different.
This was a complete surrender to the murderer within.
He thought of his vow to Velixar, and also to his brother.
Obedience.
Loyalty.
He had sworn his entire life to them.
What else did he know?
What else could he be?
He thought of Aurelia only once before he spoke.
Her face was a white knife in the darkness of his mind, and he buried her deep within his heart as he yielded to the wisdom of his brother.
“Yeah,” Harruq said.
“I understand.”
“Good.
Now come.” The two resumed traveling up the small hill.
They stopped again, however, for from their vantage point they could see the village.
“See the torches?” Harruq asked, pointing.
His brother nodded.
“Velixar’s nightmares have pulled them from their slumber.
It would be too easy otherwise.”
“It’s going to be easy anyway,” Harruq said, drawing his blades.
The soft red glow splashed across their faces.
“Are you ready, brother?”
“I am,” he lied.
“Let’s go.”
* Chapter 8 Chapter 8{{{1 8
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Jeremiah Stoutmire walked through the village of Cornrows, the hair on his neck erect.
The cool spring breeze was weak compared to the ice that locked his spine.
He held a torch in one hand and a shortsword in the other.
At first, he had thought himself foolish waking in a full panic from a nightmare he could not remember.
Then he saw others about, lit torches in their hands, and he knew his fear was justified.
A young, fat-nosed farmer saw him awake and approached.
“Couldn’t sleep either, Jeremiah?” he asked.
“Aye, had the worst nightmares.” Jeremiah glanced at the sword in the farmer’s hand.
“You feel the same, don’t you?”
The farmer nodded.
“Feels like the dark god himself is coming for us.
Part of me wants to grab my children and run.”
“Perhaps it is a warning,” Jeremiah said.
“Ashhur may be granting us a chance.
Bandits, or worse.
The orcs have struck Veldaren once.
They may well have found a way across the bone ditch again.”
“Hard to rest with torchlight flickering into your bedroom,” said an elderly man behind Jeremiah.
“Something ain’t right, Corren,” Jeremiah said, “and I’d bet all my harvest you feel it stronger than we do.”
Corren stroked his beard as his eyes went blank.
“Two men come from the east,” he said, his voice distant.
“But they are not men.
Troubled spirits, half-demons…”
The two farmers stared at Corren in horror as the old man’s voice returned to normal.
“Ashhur will not grant me to see any more.”
“Gather the children on the west side of the town,” Jeremiah ordered.
“Tell everyone they must be ready to flee.”
“Flee from what?” the farmer asked.
“It doesn’t matter!” Jeremiah shouted.
“Tell the others!”
The man went to do as ordered.
He had not the heart to argue, not with the fear of his nightmare still lingering.
He spread the word to the rest searching the town.
“Ashhur help us,” Corren suddenly whispered.
“Hurry.
I feel they have arrived.”
A warcry rolled from the east, a primal, mindless roar that shook every man in the village.
“Flee west,” Jeremiah ordered Corren.
“And take every one you find with you.”
The old man put a hand on the young farmer’s shoulder.
“Fear not,” he said, a weak smile on his face.
“Ashhur’s golden eternity awaits us.”
Jeremiah raised his sword so that the flame of his torch flickered across it.
“Not this night, not if I can help it,” he said before running toward the battle cry.
The town held only ninety members, half of them younger than eighteen.
When the second brutal cry rolled over the houses, most were running west, dragging children and carrying young ones in their arms.
The men, young and old, took up torches, shortswords, even rakes and sickles, and prepared to defend their homes.
Bravely they fought, and bravely they died.
“Run, run, run!” Jeremiah shouted to a mother pulling along a young boy.
“Run west, and don’t look back!” A horrible shriek of pain tore his attention past them to a circle of torches, held by the gathered defenders of the small village.
He kissed his sword as he approached, horrified by the massacre he saw in the dim light.
A great half-orc bore down on a strong child of thirteen that Jeremiah knew well.
Strength in fields and spirit meant little compared to the might of a warrior conducting the dark god’s power.
Condemnation tore through his rusted sickle, cut his arm from his body, and then hooked around, severing his ankles.
The boy fell, dying in four pieces.
Jeremiah knew then he would enter the golden eternity before the dawn.
Someone swung a torch while another man thrust his short sword.
The half-orc shattered the sword with a savage swipe while ignoring the torch as it smashed across his leather armor.
He roared as he chopped that man’s head into pieces.
The dropped torch sputtered and died.
All the courage he could muster failed to move Jeremiah forward.
He watched the raging warrior butcher friend after friend, so many having never seen their eighteenth winter.
Harruq tore a neck open, punctured the same man three times, and then gutted another who had closed the distance.
The man died after his final slash passed an inch from the half-orc’s skin.
“Come on,” Jeremiah said to himself.
“Hang it all, come on!”
The half-orc held both swords out wide and roared at the remaining three facing him.
When they held their ground, Jeremiah could bear the sight no more.
He charged, screaming the cry of one expecting to die.
He did not get far though, for a sharp burning pain enveloped his wrist.
His arm jerked back, and the sudden force spun him to his knees.
As he knelt there, a voice spat down at him.
“Pitiful.”
Jeremiah looked up to see another half-orc clad in ragged robes.
The fire came once more, wrapping around his throat.
Smoke blurred his vision, the smell of his own charring flesh filled his nose, and he dropped his sword to claw at his neck.
Flesh burned off his fingers.
He felt the pain fade away.
Then nothing.
The whip slithered off his throat and coiled around the half-orc’s hand.
“Simply pitiful,” Qurrah said again, but Jeremiah did not hear it.
His soul was already on its way.
!
[section break](break.png)
Red eyes watched from afar, their owner relishing the carnage amid the dying torchlight.
A smile grew on his ever-changing face.
“Beautiful,” Velixar whispered as the number of dead grew.
Shifting sighs and mindless moans drifted from behind.
Velixar glanced back at his companions, who now numbered in the thousands.
“Surround the town,” he commanded them.
The nearest nodded, the movement swinging the entirety of his rotting face.
He moaned to the others, sending them in motion.
The man in black extended a hand to his two disciples.
“Send on their souls,” he said, “but leave the bodies for me.”
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq stormed through the village, roaring for any to stand and fight.
“We’re coming for you,” he shouted, his voice like the growl of a dog.
“You are weak!
Weak!”
The cry of a child sent him bashing through the door of a small home.
Inside, a girl huddled beside her much younger sister.
They were wrapped in blankets.
The little girl clutched a doll in her hands.
Harruq paused, and deep in his heart, some piece of him shrieked in protest.
“I’m sorry,” he said.
Salvation and Condemnation quivered in his hands.
“There’s no room for compassion.
Not here.
Not tonight.”
He left the house, blood covering his blades.
He let out a primal cry to the stars, whether of anguish or elation, he did not know.
!
[section break](break.png)
Qurrah broke away from his brother when the last died before them.
He could smell the fear of the villagers, and like a tracking dog he could use it to find where they fled.
Flames danced across the side of one house, alerting Qurrah.
The half-orc coiled the whip around his arm and pulled out a scrap of bone from a pouch.
It was time to test the spells his master had taught him.
An elderly man came around the corner, a torch his only weapon.
He glared at Qurrah with unabashed hatred.
“ _Weakness_ ,” the necromancer hissed in the wispy tongue of magic.
The old man dropped his torch and wobbled on his legs.
His elderly arms, already shriveled, shrunk even more.
Skin tightened against his frame, and in seconds it was if the man had become a living skeleton decorated with flesh, hair, and clothes.
The man took a staggered step forward, still determined to fight Qurrah even as his arms struggled to bear their own weight.
He let out a moan of unintelligible loathing.
“You are not worth my time,” Qurrah told him.
“So consider this an honor for your determination.”
He began casting, relishing the feeling of control flowing throughout his body.
Never before had he felt so powerful, so invincible.
He prayed the night would never end.
“ _Verl Yun Kleis,_ ” he hissed.
_Hands of ice_.
The half-orc lunged forward, grabbing the old man by the wrist.
Blue light swirled around the contact of their flesh, causing the water and blood inside his arm to freeze.
Qurrah’s smile broadened as the man collapsed and died while still within his grasp.
When he let go, the icy flesh hit the dirt hard enough to crack the arm at the shoulder.
Blood poured out from the body but not the arm.
“A marvelous spell,” the half-orc gasped, fighting away a momentary wave of dizziness.
He closed his eyes and attuned his mind to the village.
A stench of fear trailed west.
Women and children, all of them panicked and confused.
“Harruq, they flee west,” Qurrah whispered, magically enhancing his voice using a spell Velixar had taught him.
His quiet words flooded the town, audible by all yet still sounding like a whisper.
The fleeing residents of the town heard and were terrified.
His brother heard and obeyed.
The two met at the edge of town.
They saw scattered groups of families not far in the distance.
“Get them, my brother,” Qurrah ordered.
“None may live or they will tell of the half-orcs who destroyed their town.”
“Then they’re dead,” Harruq said, clanging his swords together.
Power crackled through them.
He took up the chase.
!
[section break](break.png)
An elderly man and woman, propping each other up as they ran side by side, refused to turn when Harruq barreled toward them.
Salvation took the woman’s life, Condemnation the man’s.
The two bodies collapsed, their lifeless limbs entangled.
Not far ahead of them, a woman ran in only her shift, a child clutched to her breast.
“Why do you flee?” Harruq roared when her crying eyes glanced back at him.
“This life is pain, suffering!
I’m here to end it, end it all!”
The woman ran faster and her child cried louder.
It didn’t matter.
Harruq rammed her with his shoulder.
To protect her child, the woman rolled so that her side took the brunt of the fall.
As the half-orc’s blades twirled in the air, the mother kissed her child one last time before curling up around the joy of her life.
Then the blades fell.
On the half-orc ran.
Innocent blood stained his sword as life after life ended.
Harruq felt no remorse and saw no pain.
The blood haze of rage and dark magic blocked all.
Man, woman, child, it didn’t matter.
They all died.
Only seven managed to keep ahead of his berserking madness: a mother, her two children, a few farmers, and their daughters.
They dared to hope.
As they ran, a strange sight met their eyes.
In the distance were hundreds of bodies lined in perfect formation.
They held no torches or lanterns.
The wind shifted, and upon its gentle flow the stench of death came to them.
The villagers slowed, fearfully eyeing the line.
The stars were bright, and there was no mistaking that something was amiss.
They were no soldiers.
Only a scattered few wore armor.
Still, they stood in the straight lines of a disciplined army.
A roar from Harruq at their heels spurred them on.
They charged the line, crying out for aid.
“A creature attacked our town,” shouted the mother.
“Please, my daughter is still there.
They might hurt her.
Please, help us!”
“There’s two,” shouted one of the farmers.
“They killed my wife!
You have to…”
Their words trailed off once they were close enough to see clearly.
Flesh hung from their bones, pale and rotting.
Wounds spotted nearly every one, although no blood poured from them.
Their saviors were men, orc, and elf, but they were dead.
“Ashhur help us,” an exhausted farmer murmured before the line advanced upon them.
The Forest Butcher at their heels, they could not run.
Velixar’s army of undead tore the seven apart and cast their remains to the dirt.
So ended the last life of Cornrows.
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq halted before the mess that had been his prey.
The line of undead stood motionless, their unfocused eyes looking nowhere.
The wind blew through them, shifting their hair and whistling through the holes in their bodies.
The half- orc said nothing, just stared at the carnage and the servants of his master as he waited for Qurrah.
The mindless rage that had consumed him slowly faded.
By the time his brother arrived, it was all but a memory.
“The undead took them,” Qurrah said, his breath quick and shallow.
“Velixar did not trust us.”
“I trust little,” Velixar said, stepping through the line of his servants.
“The truth is I do not take risks.
If any survived you would have been identified and my plans ruined.”
Both brothers bowed to their master.
“What are the plans you speak of?” Harruq asked.
“In time, my dear bone general, I will tell you both.
For now though, I must deal with your brother.” Velixar brought his gaze to the young necromancer.
“Let us return to the village.
It is time we test your power.”
!
[section break](break.png)
The three stood in the center of the town, corpses scattered in all directions.
There was an eerie silence creeping about, its soft touch tickling Harruq’s spine.
He held the hilts of his twin blades in his hands, drawing comfort from them.
At that dark moment, it was his only comfort.
“You know what I ask of you,” Velixar said.
“I do,” Qurrah said.
“I pray I do not disappoint.”
He closed his eyes, his hands stretched to either side.
His fingers hooked and curled in strange ways, many times so twisted and odd that Harruq could not bear to watch them dance.
Words spilled from the frail half-orc’s lips.
Some were strong, demanding, while others came limping out, twisted in form and barely existing as they were meant to exist.
The words, however, did not matter as much as the dark power rolling forth from Qurrah.
His sheer will would determine the full strength of the spell.
A cold wind came blasting in, seemingly from all directions.
Faster and faster, the words poured from Qurrah’s pale lips.
Harruq braced himself as his hair fluttered before his eyes.
The spell neared completion, and Velixar hissed in sheer pleasure at the power flaring from his apprentice.
Qurrah shrieked out one final word, the signal, the climax of the spell.
“ _Rise!_ ”
All around corpses staggered to their feet.
“Qurrah,” Harruq stammered but could say no more.
“Eight,” Qurrah gasped, dropping to his knees.
“It is…‌I am sorry, master.”
Velixar walked about, examining each of the undead farmers.
He remained quiet, hiding all emotion from his apprentice and even refusing to look at him.
“This is the first time you have ever brought the dead back to life,” Velixar said.
“Correct?”
“Of this size, yes,” Qurrah answered.
His entire body rose and fell according to his unsteady gasps.
The man in black turned to him.
“When I was first taught that same spell I managed only four.
Rise from your feet, Qurrah Tun.” He faced the undead.
“Kneel!” he shouted to them.
At once, the eight bowed to Qurrah.
Velixar placed a hand on the half-orc’s shoulder.
“It is your servants that should bow to you,” he said.
“And one could not ask for a more gifted disciple.”
Qurrah stood but kept his head bowed.
Harruq shifted on his feet, scared and confused.
The eyes of his brother…‌tears?
“Thank you, my master,” whispered the half-orc.
“I have never felt more honored.”
Velixar placed a hand atop Qurrah’s head and accepted the tears he knew the half-orc tried to hide.
He had long thought the weaker emotions fled from his soul, but that night he felt an overwhelming sense of pride.
“Harruq,” Velixar said, his normally unshakable voice faltering.
“Escort your brother home.
Protect him, even unto death.
He will usher in a new age to this world.
Of this I have no doubt.” He shouted an order to Qurrah’s undead.
The eight obeyed, marching out of town to join the rest of Velixar’s army.
“I will take control now,” he said to his disciple.
“In time, the burden of sustaining life in them will seem weightless.
Until then, let me bear it.
Look at me.”
Qurrah did, his eyes red and his face wet.
“Yes master?” he asked.
No weakness tainted his voice.
The man in black put a hand on either side of Qurrah’s face and drew him close.
“Become a god among men,” he whispered.
“Remain faithful to me, and to Karak, and I shall see it come to pass.”
Qurrah nodded but said nothing.
Instead, he turned and joined his brother.
“Let’s go home,” he said.
“I’m thinking that’s a great idea,” Harruq said.
The two stepped around the bodies of the slain as they headed east, leaving Velixar alone in the emptiness of Cornrows.
“Incredible,” Velixar said when they were gone.
“Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
The man in black smiled.
“If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
“He will surpass me.
Surpass us all.
Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
Karak’s answer was swift.
_Let him learn at your side.
He loves you, and this love will drive him to power not seen since I walked Dezrel.
Use it.
Give me a sacrifice worthy of my name.
Burn the east to the ground._
Velixar closed his eyes and bowed his head in acknowledgement.
“Only in absolute emptiness is there order,” he said, the goal of all those who worshiped Karak and knew the true purpose of their lives.
“And I will bring order.”
!
[section break](break.png)
The Tun brothers did not go straight home that night.
Harruq veered them off into the grassy hills south of Woodhaven.
“Why do we go this way?” Qurrah asked, his arm draped around his brother.
His sagging body seemed ready to collapse into slumber at any time.
“I need to retrieve the swords I dropped,” Harruq said quietly.
“I want to train with them.”
Qurrah nodded so absently that Harruq wondered if his brother even heard him.
They walked in silence under the beauty of the stars.
“Hey, Qurrah?”
“Yes, brother?”
“What we did…‌is it…”
“Did you revel in the power granted to you?” Qurrah asked.
Harruq paused, searching for an honest answer.
“Aye,” he said at last.
“I did.”
“Then why do you now question it?”
Harruq shrugged.
“Velixar’s strong.
What do you think he wants with us?”
“Order,” Qurrah said.
“We will kill, brother.
It is all we are good at.
It was what we were made for.
What other purpose do you see for your life?”
Harruq shrugged.
“I said it before.
I’m here to protect you.”
“Then kill those that seek to kill me,” Qurrah said, a bit of his sleepiness leaving him.
“Our master has given us so much.
Power.
Weapons.
A purpose.
What more could we ever ask for?”
“Yeah, what else,” Harruq said, shifting more of his brother’s weight onto his shoulder.
Qurrah’s eyes drooped, and it seemed sleep would steal him away before they reached town.
Harruq found his blades without too much trouble.
He laid Qurrah down.
His brother slept peacefully, and in silence the half-orc took the old weapons into his hands.
He looked to the stars.
Even as a child, those far away lights had awakened something in him, something so different from what he thought he was.
Right then, it was awakening guilt and fear.
“I do what I choose,” he argued to the stars.
“No, what I _must_.”
The words felt hollow, nothing more than self-serving lies.
He kept remembering the mother with her young babe clutched to her breast as she fled from him.
When he had rammed her, she had tucked the child to guard it from the fall.
Right before the kill, she had held him, trying to protect him.
“Why?” he asked.
A part of him worried he might wake his brother, but he was too drained to care.
“Why did she do that?
She could have run faster without the child!”
No, he knew that answer.
She would not abandon her child just as he would not abandon Qurrah.
Then what was bothering him so?
He fell to his knees and stabbed the old weapons into the dirt.
The faces of those he had killed danced before his eyes, especially the mother and her child, and the young girl holding her little sister.
The fear in their eyes.
The screams.
The panic.
Horror.
“I do what I have to do,” he said again.
But did the villagers have to die?
All those children, mothers, sisters, fathers…‌nothing but a test.
And all those small bodies he left for his brother to mutilate?
What was it his swords were accomplishing?
Every action, every kill, seemed to confirm the words of his brother.
He was a killer and nothing more.
His legacy would be one of death and emptiness.
The ghosts of the village clung to his back and neck.
His choice was made.
When he looked to the stars, he saw Aurelia’s face among them.
He tried not to think of what she’d say if she knew what he had done.
Guilt and regret meant nothing so he choked it down.
It didn’t matter what he wanted.
His oath was made.
His swords had swung.
The weight of blood was on his shoulders, and who was he to fight against it?
“I’m sorry if I’m weak,” Harruq whispered to his sleeping brother.
“I can’t be like you.
I can’t be strong like you…”
The half-orc buckled the old pair of swords next to the gleaming black blades on his belt.
He then gently took his brother into his arms and carried him back to town.
The weight of his brother in his hands was a feather compared to the burden on his heart.
* Chapter 9 Chapter 9{{{1 9
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Harruq arrived late to his sparring match with Aurelia.
His face was haggard and his eyes bloodshot.
“Rough night?” Aurelia asked.
She blinked as a tingle in her head insisted that something was different about the half-orc.
After a few seconds, she saw it.
“Harruq,” she asked, “is it me, or did you grow thirty pounds of muscle overnight?”
“Yup,” Harruq muttered.
“I’m magical like that.”
The elf glared at him.
“Sorry,” he said, his face reddening.
“I had a long night.”
Aurelia nodded.
She twirled the staff in the air and then hooked it underneath her arm.
“Ready to start?”
The half-orc shrugged.
“Sure, why not?”
Instead of starting, she lowered her staff and crossed her arms.
“Something’s wrong, Harruq.
Tell me what bothers you so?”
Harruq sighed and looked away.
He gently tapped his swords together.
“I don’t know.
Bored.”
“Am I not a challenge?”
He made vague shrug that could be taken either way.
Let her think that was it, he thought.
It was a whole lot better than the truth.
Aurelia, however, seemed none too pleased.
She twirled her staff again.
“You might be surprised, orcyboy, but I could beat you in a spar.”
Harruq scoffed.
“You have no chance,” he said.
“First to three hits,” the elf said, taking a few steps back.
“Very well,” Harruq said, drawing his swords in his gigantic arms.
“Guess you need a reminder of who you’re learning from.” He lowered his weapons and thrust out his chest.
“Here.
I’ll prove it.
Two free hits.
I’ll still beat you.”
Aurelia eyed him, obviously insulted.
She gave him two quick raps across the chest.
“Two to zero,” she said before dancing away.
Harruq raised his swords and roared.
He crossed the distance between them in a heartbeat, twice as fast as he had ever moved in their previous sparring matches.
Aurelia leapt backward as blades dove for her chest and abdomen.
Her staff shot spun back and forth to parry thrust after thrust.
Harruq pressed his attack, shifting on one foot so that his next two attacks came slashing downward for her thigh and ankle.
The staff blocked one but the other banged against her calf.
“One to two,” Harruq said.
He double thrust, offering the elf no reprieve.
She jabbed her staff upward, pushing the two attacks high and giving her room underneath.
Ducking forward, she tried to strike the half-orc’s leg.
She badly underestimated Harruq’s new speed though, and one blade looped around to block the attack.
The other went straight down, the edge smashing hard against the top of Aurelia’s skull.
While it did not draw blood, the jolt of it knocked the elf to one knee and gave her a dull ache in her head.
“Have you lost your mind?” Aurelia asked as she rolled away.
Harruq’s mad charge was her answer, and it sparked fear in her heart.
Sword strikes assailed her impossibly fast.
Any thought of the fight being practice left Aurelia’s mind.
It felt too real.
She stayed defensive, parrying with all her skill while constantly dancing away.
Harruq pressed closer, and every time the elf pulled out of a roll or landed from a leap backward, he was upon her.
Notch after notch covered her staff as the swords chopped harder and harder.
His strength grew as the fight progressed.
He held nothing back.
He weaved his swords through three stabs, feinted a high slash, and then twirled up and around for a low thrust.
Aurelia fell for the feint and brought her staff up high, leaving her lower half exposed.
Her slender frame twisted.
A sword cut a thin line across the green fabric of her dress but did not touch skin.
She thought Harruq might stop and claim the cut counted.
He didn’t.
Instead he crosscut, his left arm swiping right while the other swept left.
She turned to one side, using her staff to press one sword into the dirt and knock the second swipe just above her.
The staff continued twirling, positioning Harruq’s hands further out of place.
She used the awkwardness to gain further separation between them.
Her hands ached from the force of every block and parry.
Her breath was fast and shallow.
Her hair, which she had failed to tie up before the fight, hung in wild strands before her face.
She was beautiful, but Harruq did not see it.
To Harruq, she was the young girl cradling her sister.
Aurelia thrust her right hand forward, her fingers spread wide and stiff.
Words of power poured from her lips, and without hesitation the forest obeyed.
Vines shot from the earth and wrapped around Harruq’s arms and legs.
Down he went.
Aurelia gave him no chance to recover.
She raised her outstretched hand higher.
More and more vines appeared, covering the half-orc’s arms and legs with green.
They lifted him into the air, his boots dangling two feet above the ground.
Harruq bellowed like a bull caught in a cage.
He jerked against his restraints but they held firm.
Aurelia calmly walked over, raised her staff, and tapped him on the chest.
“Three,” she said.
The half-orc roared his protest.
Aurelia swung the staff with all her strength.
The end cracked against Harruq’s cheek.
Blood shot from his mouth.
“Four!” she shouted.
The fierce pain appeared to knock some sense into him.
He looked down at Aurelia with a mixture of anger and embarrassment.
“Sorry,” he said.
Blood ran from a busted lip.
The skin on his cheek was already blackening.
“I don’t know what just happened,” she said, the quiver in her voice belying her calm speech.
“But I know I don’t like it and will not accept it.
Ever.
Is that clear?”
“Yeah,” Harruq said.
“Now will you let me down?”
For a moment, she said nothing, catching her breath and doing her best to calm the flood of adrenaline that still rushed through her.
Harruq twisted against the vines, but they still held firm.
Blood continued to trickle down his chin.
“I’m not blind,” she said, suddenly looking away.
“Not stupid, either.
I don’t know why I’m here.
Lie to me if you must, just don’t expect me to believe it.
Forgive me for hoping you could trust me.”
The vines released, freeing the half-orc who smacked against the ground.
By the time he picked himself up, the vines had pulled into the dirt.
“I have something new planned for tomorrow,” she said.
“Don’t be late.”
“You’re going to pay for that,” he grumbled, rubbing his sore wrists after she was gone.
His heart was not in it, though.
More than anything, he was embarrassed and frightened about losing control.
!
[section break](break.png)
“It can be one of your most powerful spells,” Velixar said.
“It is quick, deadly, and strikes from nowhere.
Listen to these words very carefully.
If you give it enough of your power, nary a soul can withstand the shock and blood loss.”
The man in black listed off a stream of seven words.
Seven times he pronounced them, giving his disciple ample chances to hear the precise, delicate pronunciations and mimic them himself.
“Prepare the spell with these words in the morning and you may trigger it at any time with but a single word.”
“And what is that?” Qurrah asked once the words were tucked firmly into his mind.
“Hemorrhage,” Velixar hissed.
The frail half-orc smiled, loving the sound.
Harruq sat nearby.
The spidery, intangible lessons in spellcasting had little to do with him, but he politely remained silent and respected their usefulness
“Harruq Tun,” Velixar said suddenly, jolting him from his drifting thoughts.
“Yes, master?” he asked, rising and straightening his back.
He could feel the eyes of his brother on him and did not wish to disappoint.
“Qurrah has told me of the troubles in your heart.
I must see them.”
“He did?” Harruq asked, glancing at his brother.
His stomach dropped, and his heart quickened as Velixar approached.
He felt like a truant servant caught by his master…‌which perhaps he was.
“You killed many yesterday,” the man in black said.
“Do you feel guilt for their deaths?”
Harruq took a deep breath, analyzing every word before he opened his mouth.
Velixar could surely tell if he lied.
But what did he believe?
Did he even know?
“I’m not strong like Qurrah,” he said.
“Sometimes I can be weak.
Only after, though.
I will try to never question the order of my master or the will of my brother.”
Velixar nodded although he appeared not to listen.
Instead, his eyes burrowed into Harruq’s, prying information not from his mouth but from his very soul.
“Tell me, Harruq, why do you mourn the lives of those you kill?”
“I don’t,” Harruq said.
He wasn’t sure if it was lie or truth, most likely a lie.
“War is brutal.
Life is brutal.” Velixar put a cold hand against Harruq’s face.
“You do not understand, but we are bringers of peace.
We will end all war.
We will end all murder.
We will end everything, Harruq.
Kneel.
I will show you.”
Harruq obeyed.
His insides churned as icy fingers pressed against his forehead.
Images crackled through his mind.
The entire world burned to ash and blew away on the wind.
The painting revealed beneath was in fluid motion, an artwork of death and fire.
He saw a city burning, people fleeing in the streets, and then he saw himself dressed in black armor that oozed power.
Salvation and Condemnation waved high above his head, both drenched in blood.
He looked like a god among men, and the way the soldiers fell at his feet made him think he might have been one.
This red-dream self looked straight at him and spoke, but Harruq could not understand the words.
The sound of his own voice chilled him, though, for it was dark, it was dangerous, and it was exactly like Velixar’s.
_A god among men,_ said a second voice, one he had never heard before.
It was darker than any shade that haunted his nightmares.
There was only one it could be, and it was no mortal.
_Protect your brother, and I will grant you a kingdom.
Live as you have always lived, and I will reward you with eternity.
Kill, as I desire you to kill, and you will find a peace unknown to the mortal realm.
The time for questioning is over.
Trust your god as I now trust you._
_Love me, Harruq Tun.
Kill for me._
The dream shattered.
Amid the haze of red and black, he heard the cries of battle urging him on, offering him a future he had always feared and desired.
A life of killing and battle.
A life given to Karak.
An orcish life.
The icy fingers left his forehead.
“It is a select few who have received such a gift,” Velixar said in the quiet night.
“You have heard the voice of the dark god himself.
Now tell me, what is it you saw?”
“Please, brother,” Qurrah said.
“I need to know.”
Harruq stared at the dirt, each breath making his shoulders heave.
His mind reeled, and for reasons he did not understand, he opened his mouth and said, “That which I fear and desire.
I have had no questions answered, but I do know this: the time for questions has long ended.”
Velixar nodded.
“Indeed, Harruq.
It is time for action.
I am done with both of you.
Go home and rest.
Tomorrow we will begin my plan.
War shall come to Woodhaven.”
“We await your orders,” Qurrah said.
The two bowed and then returned to town beneath the blanket of stars.
!
[section break](break.png)
As the two brothers left, another soul traveled in the dark.
He made not a sound as he moved.
Any attempts at tracking his passage would be utterly futile, for not a single blade of grass remained bent when his foot stepped away.
He was Dieredon, Scoutmaster of the Quellan elves, and few souls could match his silence, speed, or skills with blade and bow.
When the village came into view of his eagle-like eyes, his gut sank.
Not a single sign of life decorated the streets or moved in the fields.
He prayed to Celestia he was wrong, but his heart knew he wasn’t.
He found nothing to convince him otherwise as he quickly scanned the village.
He found many homes left wide open, yet none answered him when he called inside.
Everywhere, staining the earth a dark crimson, there was blood.
“It is as I feared,” he whispered to the night.
He stood, took his bow off his shoulder, and then thoroughly searched the town.
He found no trace of life barring a few rats that fed off the now unguarded remnants of food.
Several homes, those with their doors smashed open, had gore smeared on their floors.
One pained Dieredon’s heart greatly; amid a great red circle on a wooden floor laid a small, bloodstained doll.
He said a silent prayer before moving on.
At the edge of the town, he found many frantic tracks fleeing west.
He followed them, wincing as some ended in dried smears of red upon the grass.
Others led far past the others.
They ended at once in an enormous pool of blood, leaving the town a somber image in the distance.
Chasing them the whole while were twin sets of tracks, one of enormous weight, the other light as a feather.
“Every one of them,” he said, his hand clutching his bow so tight his knuckles were whiter than the moon.
“They slaughtered even those that fled.
Yet there are no corpses.”
The corpses had been taken.
Or made to walk again.
“The man with infinite faces,” Dieredon concluded.
Another thought came to him.
“Or was it you, Qurrah Tun?”
He raced back to Woodhaven, his mind decided.
It was time he had a talk with one of the brothers Tun.
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq arrived at the sparring point in the forest less disheveled than the previous day, and he seemed in better spirits.
“So what is your surprise for me?” he asked.
Aurelia smiled from her seat against a tree.
She patted the grass beside her.
“Have a seat.
How’s your head?”
Harruq grumbled as he plopped down.
“My head is fine.”
From behind her back, Aurelia pulled out a small blue object.
“Ever seen one of these before?” she asked.
The half-orc stared at it, thinking.
Suddenly he knew, and he looked at Aurelia in total disbelief.
“Is that a book?”
The elf nodded.
“Is it a safe assumption that you don’t know how to read?”
Harruq frowned at the book.
“You’re not going to teach me elvish, are you?”
Aurelia gave him a playful jab to the side.
“No, it is in the gods’ language, your gods anyway.
Karak and Ashhur got something right having humans speak and write the same language.”
“What do you mean?”
“Do you not know the story of Karak and Ashhur?” The half-orc shook his head.
“I will tell you it, if you care to hear.
Mankind, as well as orcs, wolf-men, hyena-men, and all the other odd races scattered about Dezrel, are less than five hundred years old.
Many elves remember the arrival of the brother gods and the creation of man.”
“Huh,” Harruq said.
“You may have to tell me the story sometime.
Are you one of the elves that were there way back then?”
She gave him a wink.
“No, but my father was.
I’m not _that_ old, Harruq.
In elven terms, I am but a child.”
“How old a child?” he prodded.
“Seventy.”
“ _Seventy?_ ”
The elf laughed.
“Don’t be too shocked.
You have elven blood in you as well.
I wouldn’t be surprised if you lasted a couple hundred years yourself.
This is assuming someone doesn’t kill you, which I find rather unlikely.”
Harruq gasped at the thought.
He had always felt akin to man and orcs, whose lives burnt out so quickly.
The idea of living two hundred years was…‌well, more than he could handle.
“Strange,” he said.
“Guess I have plenty of time to learn to read, don’t I?”
Aurelia laughed.
“You do, but I would prefer we not take too many years.
Spending that much time around you is bound to give me bad habits.”
She handed over the book.
Harruq opened it and flipped through the pages.
Each one depicted various symbols, lines, and curls.
Aurelia winced at the rough way he handled the paper.
“What are these?” he asked.
“The human alphabet.
And you’re going to learn it.”
He protested, but it was a weak protest.
They went over the alphabet several times until Harruq could repeat most without thinking too hard.
“I want you to take it home with you,” she said when they were done.
To her annoyance, Harruq refused to accept the book.
“I really don’t want to take it,” he said.
“Why not?”
“Well I, just…” His face turned a mixture of gray and red.
“Qurrah doesn’t know I’m doing this.”
Aurelia sighed and set the book down beside her.
“Why don’t you tell him about me?
Well?
Why not?”
“I’m just embarrassed, all right,” he finally muttered.
“Embarrassed?
Why?”
“Qurrah’s smart, can read and everything.
He’d want to know why I never asked him.
That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”
“What?”
Harruq grew redder.
“An elf!”
“What’s wrong with that?”
Harruq viciously plucked blades of grass.
“I don’t know.”
Aurelia stared at Harruq for a while, her eyes probing.
The half-orc endured the gaze, concentrating fully on his grass-removing project.
“I would feel better having met your brother,” she said at last.
“But you may take as long as you wish.”
“Good.
Can we spar now?”
“Of course,” Aurelia said, picking up her staff.
!
[section break](break.png)
Hours later, they finished and said their goodbyes.
“See you tomorrow,” Harruq called, sheathing his blades.
The elf did not reply as she vanished behind the trees.
He stared after her for a bit, then turned toward home.
Before he could take two steps, a sudden weight crashed into his side.
He tumbled best he could, his shoulder absorbing much of the impact.
His legs tucked underneath him and pushed, shooting him back to his feet.
Out came his swords.
Standing before him was Dieredon, his bow held in both hands like a staff.
Long blades stretched out from either end, tiny razor teeth lining the front.
The elf twirled the bow in his hands and then charged.
Two quick hits batted one of Harruq’s swords out and away.
A feint, so quick Harruq blocked on instinct, took care of the other.
His weapons gone, the half-orc was exposed.
Dieredon wasted no time smashing the half-orc’s groin.
As he doubled over in pain, a snap kick smacked his chin, splattering blood and forcing him to drop.
The sharp tip of a blade pressed against Harruq’s throat before he knew what was happening.
“Move,” Dieredon said.
“Please, move.
Give me an excuse to kill you.”
Harruq was too stunned and disoriented to give him what he wanted.
Instead he lied there, his nose throbbing and his swords limp in his hands.
“What do you want?” he asked, ignoring the sharp pain in his throat as a tiny drop of blood trickled down his neck.
“The entire village of Cornrows is missing,” Dieredon said.
“Most likely dead.”
Harruq’s breathing quickened.
His hands tightened around the hilts of his weapons.
“I had nothing to do with it,” he said.
“Why would I?”
“Children have been dying since you arrived here in Woodhaven,” Dieredon replied.
“Butchered, intestines removed, strange carvings on the bodies, and pieces of them missing.
We thought a sick mind, but now I understand better.
Necromancy requires many interesting artifacts for spells.
Your brother is a necromancer, isn’t he?”
Harruq said nothing.
He fought back his swelling anger and panic.
“I don’t understand what Aurelia sees in you,” Dieredon continued.
“You murdered the children and gave them to your brother.
You’re the Forest Butcher.
Admit it so I may kill you.”
“I will admit no such thing,” Harruq said, his jaw trembling.
“You’re guessing.”
“I have also seen your brother meeting the strange man in black of the ever- changing face.
What is his name, Harruq?
What is it he offers you?”
“You’re out of your mind.”
The tip buried in deeper.
The elf lowered his face so the fury in his eyes was all Harruq could see.
“Yes, I am out of my mind.
I will let you live.
Until Aurelia sees you for what you are, I will spare your life.
But know I will be watching you, and I will be watching your brother.
One false move and I’ll kill you both.
Is that clear?”
Harruq nodded, shivering as he felt the tip of the blade rubbing against the tender skin of his throat.
“Good.
Pleasant days, half-orc.
May Celestia watch over you…‌and condemn your actions to death.”
The biting tip left his throat, the blades in the bow retracted, and then the elf vanished.
Harruq struggled to his feet, clutching his neck as he gasped for air.
“Damn elf,” he cursed.
“How dare you threaten us.”
His hands shook violently as his adrenaline faded.
He had been terrified, convinced the elf would kill him, yet he didn’t.
“Big mistake, elfie,” he said.
He snatched his swords and sheathed them.
“I’ll make you pay for that.”
After a bit of debate, he decided not to tell Qurrah.
Velixar had already made it clear they needed to be careful.
Now he understood why.
He wouldn’t tell Aurelia, either.
That would be stupid, and stupid he was not…‌most of the time.
“I need a drink,” he said, turning toward the town and trudging back.
All he could think about was getting a good, stiff drink.
If he was lucky, he might get in a good bar fight.
Nothing helped him forget his worries better than walloping a fellow drunken idiot.
* Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 10
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
She felt guilty for spying on him, but Aurelia was convinced she had no other choice.
Over the past month, she had grown close to the half-orc Harruq Tun, and with that closeness was danger.
She saw only a goofy young man while Dieredon swore she met with a killer.
Only one of them could be right, but who?
Perhaps not, she wondered.
Perhaps she saw the elf in Harruq while Dieredon saw the orc.
The kindest man might become a brute when surrounded by other brutes.
When Harruq was with his brother, or the strange man in black, how then did he behave?
Could he kill?
Could he murder?
She had to know.
It took a simple invisibility spell to approach their rundown home unnoticed, her feet moving silently because of her natural elven grace.
It was midday and the sun was high in the sky.
Most of the murders occurred once darkness fell, and always when the child wandered into the forest to play.
Lately no murders had been found, and Aurelia couldn’t decide if she should be worried or hopeful that they had stopped at the same time she had begun training with Harruq.
Aurelia peered through a gap in the boards.
She and Harruq had finished their sparring an hour before, and she expected him to be resting.
She was right.
What surprised her was how Qurrah remained asleep as well.
Dieredon had mentioned nocturnal visits between the other brother and the man in black, but she had no idea how long they lasted.
For Qurrah to still slumber they must last for several hours, if not the entire night.
She looked at him, sprawled out on a thick pile of straw, and wondered how he managed to walk, let alone cast spells as Harruq implied.
His skin was pale and had a stretched look across his bones.
He looked like a drained, emaciated version of his larger brother.
_A good set of meals would do him wonders,_ Aurelia thought.
Boring as it was, Aurelia sat down and prepared to wait.
She glanced around, making sure there was no chance a wandering passerby could accidentally bump into her invisible form.
The sun moved along its path in the sky, and the brothers finally awoke.
Qurrah vanished, returning later with meager portions of bread and tough meat.
Aurelia watched, oddly amused by their silent noshing.
Harruq continuously glanced over at Qurrah, and when the frailer half-orc was overtaken by a coughing fit, Harruq was there, pounding his brother’s back and looking like his world was about to end.
Qurrah merely looked embarrassed and pushed him away.
_They clearly love each other,_ thought Aurelia.
_Maybe Harruq more than Qurrah._
The day passed, and it was thankfully uneventful.
She was almost ready to leave when Qurrah pulled Harruq closer and began whispering.
Aurelia cast a spell over her ears, heightening her already sharp hearing.
A pall settled over her as she listened.
“…‌must resume,” Qurrah was saying as her spell enacted.
“It’s dangerous,” Harruq said.
“I thought you were learning enough from Velixar.”
“Exactly,” said Qurrah.
“But I must practice what I learn.
These nights are not enough, will never be enough.
What point is sharpening your sword if you never wield it?”
Harruq had no reply.
Eyes low, he stepped out into the night, Aurelia trailing not far behind.
They travelled deeper into the town.
A knot grew in her stomach as she noticed he had both his swords, and as they approached the poorer parts of the town, the knot only tightened.
She watched the half-orc glance in through the windows of the buildings he passed.
She found herself praying he only meant to steal possessions…‌just possessions, nothing more.
_Keep the swords sheathed,_ she prayed.
_Sheathed and bloodless._
He continued wandering, and she found herself circling several streets multiple times.
Stalling, she thought, but it was little comfort.
The day was almost done, the town covered with long shadows and darkened spaces.
The older boys and girls would still be out to play, but the younger ones…
Harruq stopped.
Aurelia positioned herself to the side, struggling to keep her breathing calm lest she alert him to her presence.
They were beside an old house made of slanted boards shoddily nailed together.
There was no glass for the window, nor a covering.
She wondered what the occupants did during the winter months, preferring her mind dwell on that than the terrible look marring Harruq’s face.
His skin had turned ashen.
His right hand stroked the hilt of his sword like an itch he couldn’t ignore.
He put a hand on the wood.
Aurelia could only imagine what he saw: a small child slumbering in bed, positioned by the window to keep him cool.
Just a child like any other the Forest Butcher had claimed.
When Dieredon had first come to her, she had expected little difficulty in the task.
“They are new to the town, and when they came so did the murders,” he had said.
“Meet with one of them, discover who they are.
If they are the vagrant scum they appear to be, it will be easy enough to catch them in their crime.
The humans can then deal their judgment with a rope.”
It seemed perverse that she had met Harruq by saving him from the fate she was supposed to doom him to.
Still, Aurelia was not one to judge by appearances, and what she had seen that night had seared her heart.
Two soldiers beating Harruq bloody without cause or reason, Harruq who was so kind to her when they sparred, who brought her flowers and told her stories, who looked upon her like she was a goddess of light in his dreary world…
Harruq drew his sword.
It shook in his hand.
Aurelia watched as if in a dream.
She felt magic spark on her fingertips.
Under no circumstances could she watch him.
She couldn’t.
Nor could she believe it.
He was so kind to her, so kind.
“Why,” she whispered.
He put a hand inside the window.
The other pressed his sword against the side of the house.
No longer a dream.
A nightmare.
She would kill him, burn his whole body to ash so she never had to look upon his dead face.
Hatred burned in her breast.
_Qurrah,_ she thought.
_You make him do this.
Put the blood on your own hands, you coward._
She knew the moment she struck with a spell her invisibility would end.
She wondered how he would look at her when she killed him.
Surprise?
Anger?
Shame?
She didn’t know.
She didn’t want to know.
Magic sparked on her fingertips.
Harruq might have seen if he had looked over, but his eyes stared through the window.
He pulled back the sword.
His hand reached in.
Aurelia prepared to kill him.
“Damn it,” she heard him say.
“I’m sorry, Qurrah.
I can’t.”
He sheathed the blade.
Aurelia felt her world slow and the nightmare relent.
_He did no harm,_ she thought.
No killing.
He may not be the Forest Butcher, and even if he meant to do what she feared, it didn’t mean the others were him.
The hope felt juvenile and ignorant but she clung to it tightly.
The magic left her fingertips, and doing her best to calm her heart, she followed Harruq back home.
“Nothing?” Qurrah asked when Harruq stepped inside.
“Nothing.”
It seemed Qurrah would leave it at that, but he clearly saw the apprehension on his brother’s face.
“Tell me the truth,” he said.
“What happened?”
Harruq sighed, and he removed his swords and flung them to the ground.
“I can’t do it,” he said.
“We don’t need it.
_You_ don’t need it.
Our war is coming, Qurrah.
Let us fight it when it comes, but not sooner, not now, not while they sleep…”
He looked away as if expecting to be berated for the outburst.
Instead, Qurrah walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
“Be careful,” he said in his raspy voice.
“Your power was given at a cost.
Any hesitation or doubt risks the permanency of your gift.
I understand, please know that.
In time, you will learn, and you will see things as I do.
Until then, rest.
Velixar will come for us soon.
I do not want to fail him.
That is all that matters.
We must not fail.”
Aurelia had heard enough.
She knew their roles, the balance and position of their hearts.
It was absurd, poor souls without a home, family, or position to be speaking of power and obligation.
Her hatred of their unknown master grew.
He was a puppet-master, and her dear friend was one of his puppets.
If they still doubted, even for a moment, perhaps she could save them.
Perhaps there was still time to pull them from the necromancer’s cold fingers.
Aurelia turned and ran for the forest.
Dieredon had not known of her spying, but she would tell him everything.
If there was any hope, it was in his skill with blade and bow.
To free the puppets, one must cut the strings.
It was time for Dieredon to slay the man in black.
!
[section break](break.png)
That night, Velixar gave them their orders, putting in motion his plan to blanket the east in war.
“In Celed there is a male elf by the name of Ahrqur Tun’del,” he told the two under the cover of stars.
“He has visited King Vaelor before, and was quite vocal when the elves were expelled from his capital city.
He is well known in Woodhaven, at least to those of elven blood.
I need him killed and his body brought before me.”
“How will we hide the body?” asked Harruq.
“Wrap it in cloth and make sure you are not seen,” Velixar said.
“And make no mistakes.”
“We will not,” Qurrah said.
“How will I know where this Ahrqur lives?”
“I will show you, my disciple, but first I have a gift for my dearest bone general.”
Velixar drew out his magical chest.
He set it beside him and let it grow out to normal size.
From within he pulled out a suit of armor stained a deep shade of black.
He threw it to Harruq, who managed to catch it even though his mouth hung wide open.
“The first Horde War was caused by a disciple of mine,” the man in black explained.
“He blessed the armor of one of the leaders of the orcish clans.
I claimed it when he fell on the battlefield.”
Harruq examined the suit, turning it over in his hands.
It was composed of many interwoven straps of thick leather.
Obsidian buckles and clamps held the pieces together.
The only color was a yellow scorpion emblazoned on the chest.
“Why the scorpion?” he asked.
“The orcs have forgotten Karak, whom they once served.
They worship animals as their gods, believing they take strength from them.
The warlord who wore that armor worshipped the scorpion.
It is appropriate, for his opponent crushed him underneath his heel like one.”
Harruq folded the armor as best he could and clutched it to his chest.
“My thanks, master,” he said.
“We do not deserve what you have given us.”
“You will earn your gifts in time.
Ahrqur is a skilled swordsman.
The armor, weapons, and strength I have granted you will make you near invincible.
Do not fail.”
Velixar turned his attention to Qurrah.
“Give me your hand,” he said, and the thin half-orc obeyed.
Velixar closed his eyes and whispered a few brief words.
Qurrah’s head jerked suddenly, and his eyes flared open.
Velixar released his hand as the half-orc murmured.
“I know where he is,” he said.
“It is all I can see.”
“Go now,” Velixar said.
“The night is young.
Hide his body in your home and bring it to me tomorrow.
And Qurrah, remember to bring his blade with you.”
The two brothers bowed and then left to do as their master commanded.
!
[section break](break.png)
Dieredon watched the brothers travel back to Woodhaven.
He had been waiting outside the town, and in the starlight the swathe of darkness rolling across the land had caught his eye.
He had followed and from a distance observed the short meeting.
His eyes flipped between the half-orcs and their master.
His heart was torn.
He had already warned Harruq that he would tolerate no strange behavior, yet he had given a similar warning to the man with the ever-changing face.
“I do this for you, Aurelia,” he said, his decision made.
He removed his bow and ran across the grass.
Velixar had not moved since the brothers’ departure, his hands resting on the grass, palms upward.
His hood fell far past his eyes, blocking nearly all of his face.
Yet even with lack of sight and sound from Dieredon’s approach, the man knew someone neared.
“Greetings Scoutmaster,” Velixar said, his deep voice rumbling.
“I would call you otherwise but I have not been granted your name.”
“You have not earned it,” Dieredon said.
He halted directly in front of the motionless man.
Less than six feet separated them.
“I have been watching you,” the man in black said.
“I have dipped inside your dreams.
You have seen me before, haven’t you?”
“You were the necromancer that led the orcs against Veldaren.
You helped them cross the bone ditch.”
“Correct,” Velixar said, his smile visible beneath his hood.
“It was a glorious day.
Men of the east no longer trust the elves, and the elves hold little love for our beloved King.
Of course, thousands died, but what is a little sacrifice compared to such gains?”
“They joined your army, didn’t they, necromancer?” Dieredon asked.
Velixar laughed.
“You are wise, elf, and you are strong, but you have sheltered arrogance.”
The man in black stood, pulling the hood back from his face.
His eyes shone a blinding red.
His face was a pale skull covered with dead gray skin.
Maggots crawled through the flesh, feasting.
Dieredon delayed his attack, stunned by the horrific sight.
Velixar, however, gave no pause.
From within his robe he pulled out a handful of bone fragments.
A word of power sent them flying.
The elf dropped low, his right leg stretching back as he crouched.
The bone fragments flew over his head, faster than arrows.
Then he was up, his bow in hand.
The string vanished from the bow, spikes pierced the front, and out came the long blades at each side.
“You foolish mortal,” Velixar said.
His voice was far deeper than before, less like a man and more like a demon.
“I do not fear your steel.”
Pale hands shot upward, hooked in strange formations.
Dieredon stabbed a long blade straight at the man’s throat.
The blade halted halfway there, crashing against an invisible barrier.
The elf struck again, this time lower.
Velixar’s image rippled as if beneath water, his body protected by some unseen wall.
Faster and faster Dieredon swung, whirling his blades against where he perceived the wall to be.
Power rippled in the air, black and deadly.
As the elf fought against the shadow wall Velixar began another spell.
Words of magic flew off his tongue in perfect pitch and pronunciation in spite of their incredible difficulty.
A strong thrust from Dieredon finally shattered the invisible barrier but the explosion of power sent him flying backward.
He rolled when he hit the ground, his legs tucked, and then with a kick he vaulted himself into the air.
He landed on his feet and lunged at the necromancer, the blades of his bow leading.
“Be gone!” Velixar roared, the sound of a daemon unleashed.
Dieredon fought, but it felt as if a thousand hands pulled him back.
Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.
The blades retracted, and in the heartbeat it took him to draw two arrows, a thin string materialized in the air, ready to be drawn.
The elf fired the arrows.
Velixar laughed as they pierced into his stomach and chest.
No blood ran from them.
“You must do far better than that,” he said, his fingers hooked in strange positions.
Another blast of dark power washed over Dieredon.
He felt his right shoulder crack into fragments.
Darkness swam before his eyes, darkness dominated by twin red orbs.
The elf reached into a small pocket of his armor and drew out a glass vial.
“Healing potions will not aid you,” Velixar mocked.
“This is no healing potion,” Dieredon said.
He threw the vial.
It shattered.
Velixar snarled as holy light of the elven goddess burned his decaying flesh.
After a few seconds, the light vanished.
Velixar glanced about, seeing no sign of the elf.
“No matter,” he said.
“Come my minions.
It is time to hunt.”
He spread his hands wide and let all of his power flow freely.
A swirling black portal ripped into existence behind him, a bleak wind wailing from it.
Out came his undead, marching in rows of ten.
More than a hundred rows spilled out, surrounding their master with mindless perfection.
“Find him,” he ordered as he covered his face with his hood.
“He is wounded.
Find him and kill him.”
As one, the thousand moaned their acknowledgment.
They scattered, spreading out like a ripple in a pond.
In the center stood Velixar, his hands out and his eyes closed.
“Reveal yourself to any one of them and I will know it,” he said, his sick face smiling.
“You’re no longer amusing, Scoutmaster.
It is time you died.”
The chorus of droning moans agreed.
!
[section break](break.png)
“If there was any time I needed you, Sonowin, it is now,” the elf said as he fled across the grass.
Each breath made his chest ache.
His right arm hung limp, and his other hand clutched his shoulder.
He desperately needed to bandage it but had no time.
A wave of undead moans reached his sensitive ears.
Dieredon shuddered.
“How many does he command?” he asked.
He crouched as he ran, his right arm dragging against the grass.
Under normal circumstances, he might have been able to hold his own against the undead.
However, these were not normal circumstances.
Minutes passed, long and painful.
The light of Woodhaven beckoned him to his left but he dared not approach.
Velixar would expect him to flee there, but he was as at home in the wild as he was in any town.
He halted his run and fell to one knee.
His adrenaline was still high, but deep inside he knew he had to find a place to rest.
The real pain was coming.
A glance behind did little to raise his spirits.
He saw at least thirty undead shambling as fast as they could in a widening arc.
If he remained where he was, he would be seen.
He struggled to his feet and ran.
More minutes passed.
The glow of Woodhaven drifted behind him.
Breathing was agony.
Moving was torment.
All his extremities grew cold and his head felt light.
The pain in his shoulder threatened to send him into shock.
It was just waiting for his body to succumb.
His eyes searched for anything that could grant him cover.
The forest was too far, and all about was shin-high grass.
“No choice,” he gasped.
His entire right half of his body ached.
“Celestia, grant me mercy.
I cannot go further.”
He stumbled to the ground.
His face and armor were camouflaged with greens and browns, but just grass would make it difficult to go unnoticed.
Still, he had no choice but to try.
He tucked his bow beneath him and then smashed his face into the dirt while sprinkling grass atop his head.
He shifted his legs back and forth until as much grass sprang up around them as possible.
He covered the rest of his body in his cloak.
A few words of magic shifted its colors, better emulating the nearby terrain.
He tucked his arms underneath him, closed his eyes, and waited for his fate.
For the longest of time, silence.
His shoulder pounded with each heartbeat; his chest screamed with each breath.
Colors swam across his eyes.
His ears, incredibly sensitive even compared to other elves, strained for the sound of approaching dead.
He heard nothing but a strange ringing inside his skull.
It seemed he had put more distance between them than he first thought.
A footstep fell beside his head.
His heart and lungs halted.
The pain had diminished his skills.
They were atop him, but he dared not move.
He sent a silent prayer to Celestia as more footfalls clomped all around him.
He guessed at least ten.
Soft clacking sounds of bone, swinging metal, and crushed grass erased the silence of the night.
Dieredon’s heart resumed.
His breathing continued, slow and steady.
He fought down a laugh, despite all his training.
As dire as his situation seemed, he could honestly say he had been in worse shape before and survived.
Three times, even.
Then his ears heard what he had feared: something walking directly behind him.
The others might not see him, but seeing wouldn’t be necessary if one stumbled directly atop his prone body.
His good hand fingered the bow pinned beneath him.
If discovered, he would die fighting.
The footsteps neared.
A clacking sound haunted his hearing.
It rattled sporadically, and it was most certainly bone hitting bone.
He imagined a loose jaw hanging by only one side, or perhaps a hand held by a thread of flesh banging against a rotted femur.
It took all his will not to scream when a great weight pressed against his shoulder.
The pain that exploded throughout his body was so great he blacked out as he lay there in the grass, a horde of undead searching for his wounded form.
!
[section break](break.png)
As Dieredon fought for his life, Harruq and Qurrah snuck through the streets of Woodhaven.
They avoided the light of lamps at all costs and stopped only a moment so Harruq could don his new armor.
They had to be careful, for if any saw the two half-orcs traveling amid the dark their lives would be forfeit.
When they neared Celed, Qurrah halted.
He stared down a particular street for a long while before closing his eyes.
Harruq waited in silence.
“That is the way,” Qurrah said.
“It will be the only gated home.”
“I already see it,” Harruq said.
He pointed at a sizable mansion towering above the smaller nearby homes.
The two brothers hurried into the space between the fence and the surrounding buildings.
“It seems our friend has some prominence,” Qurrah said.
Harruq nodded in agreement.
The two-story mansion was beautifully painted and decorated.
The sides of the building were a deep brown, like the trunk of an ancient tree.
The roof jutted out far past the walls.
It was the color of wet leaves.
Many windows decorated the front, all covered with silken curtains.
The fence surrounded the entire property, black iron spiked ten feet at the top.
“How do we get in?” Harruq asked.
Qurrah examined the fence, his face locked in a frown.
“I don’t know.
I have no spells that can aid us.”
The bigger half-orc stood and stretched his muscles.
“Well, up to me then.” He took out Condemnation, grinning as the soft red glow lit up his face.
“Let’s see how strong this girl is.”
He swung the blade.
Qurrah closed his eyes and hoped no significant enchantments guarded the fence.
If any did, they fizzled against the magic of the ancient sword.
Harruq sliced two of the bars cleanly, and a third dented in enough so that a follow up chop cut it like butter.
Pleased, Harruq took two of the bars into his hands.
His neck bulged, his arm muscles tensed, and then the iron screeched backward.
Both winced at the noise.
They did not move for the next five minutes.
When both felt comfortable, Harruq shoved the third bar forward, giving them a nice clean entrance.
The two brothers slipped under, the bigger half-orc having to press his arms together to squeeze through.
They slunk across the lawn to the front door.
“Hold,” Qurrah said softly.
“I will take care of this.”
Qurrah stood erect, his hands touching the sturdy oak.
Words of magic slipped from his lips.
The shadows that weaved about the door suddenly gained life, crawling and gliding until impenetrable darkness covered every bit of oak.
“What’d that do?” Harruq asked.
His deep voice seemed like thunder in the quiet, although he did his best to speak softly.
“Follow me,” Qurrah whispered.
“You will see.”
He took a step forward and vanished into the shadows.
Harruq glanced around, swallowed, took two quick breaths, and then hopped into the door with his eyes squeezed shut.
He expected to thud against wood, feel a strange sense of vertigo, or some other bizarre sensation usually accompanied with magic.
Instead, he felt only the slightest tingle of cold air before his feet thumped against the floor.
He opened his eyes to see a posh living room decorated with red and gold furniture, silk sheets, and a lit fireplace.
Everything oozed elegance, to a point that even the half-orcs knew was over the top.
When Harruq looked behind him, the darkness had left the door.
“Why did you not do that to the gate?” he asked.
“I can let us pass but a single object at a time,” Qurrah whispered.
“The bars had gaps between them.”
Harruq gestured to the room.
“Amazing no one ever robbed this guy before,” he said.
Qurrah shot him a glance, his meaning clear.
The half-orc shrugged, drew his swords, and began walking.
A sleek staircase led to the upper floor, while through the hallway they could see a room with an iron stove and shelves for storing food.
“Which way do we go?” Harruq asked.
“Up,” Qurrah said.
“And quiet, before you wake him.”
“Too late,” said a voice from the stairs.
Both turned to see Ahrqur standing at the top step, his arms crossed.
He was dressed in a long green robe.
Silver swirls marked the sleeves and front.
Brown hair fell far past his shoulders.
“Pleased to meet you,” Harruq said with a bow.
“Indeed,” Qurrah said, his hand itching to retrieve his whip curled underneath his raggedy robe.
“If you are thieves, you are certainly incompetent ones,” Ahrqur said, his voice full of contempt.
He descended halfway down the stairs, his eyes never leaving the two.
“Of course, what could one expect from Celestia’s cursed?”
“We are not thieves, Ahrqur Tun’del,” Qurrah said.
“We are assassins.” The whip writhed around his arm, begging for use.
“Arrogant ones at that,” said the elf.
“Such a claim is foolish.
If you were assassins, you would strike without chatter.
You are nothing but pretenders.”
Harruq clanged his swords together, showering the ground with sparks.
His armor shimmered as his anger grew.
“Pretenders with wonderful toys,” the elf continued, eyeing Harruq’s blades.
“Toys I will take from your dead bodies.”
He leapt down the stairs in a single bound.
His feet hardly touched before he was vaulting over a red silk couch to land before the fireplace.
He drew an ornate sword that hung over the fireplace, letting the scabbard fall to the floor.
The blade gleamed in the firelight, impossibly sharp and deadly.
“I have killed a hundred like you,” Ahrqur said.
“And I hope to kill a thousand just like you,” Harruq said, clanging his swords together one more time before lunging across the room.
Salvation and Condemnation smacked hard against Ahrqur’s blade.
The weapons sparked, all three of the swords imbued with powerful magic.
The elf fell back, his arms lacking the strength to block the massive blow.
He danced away, his sword whirling upward to deflect two quick slashes by the half-orc.
Ahrqur found no reprieve for three bones flew for his eyes and face, even veering to follow the elf’s dodges.
The elven blade whirled, cutting two out of the air.
The third smacked into his throat.
Luckily, the bone was part of a finger and lacked a sharp enough edge to cut skin.
Instead, the elf was left gasping as he retreated from another series of strikes from Harruq.
“Pretenders, are we?” Qurrah asked as his fingers performed a dark weave.
“How much I wish for your pride to suffer.” Magical energy rippled out of him and tore across the air.
The elf whirled, sensing the incoming invisible blow.
Only a tiny part hit his shoulder, immediately encasing it in ice.
Then Harruq was upon him, slashing recklessly.
Ahrqur batted his sword left and right, then jumped as Harruq swung back in a scissor-cut that should have shredded his waist.
The elf landed atop one of his couches, balancing with ease.
“What reason do you have to kill me?” the elf asked.
“Are you here for money?
I could pay you twice the pittance you work for.”
“Just shut up,” Harruq said, hurling Salvation across the room.
Ahrqur leapt again.
The sword punched through the couch and embedded in the wall.
The half- orc gripped Condemnation in both hands, snarling as the elf launched his own offensive series.
The elven blade glided through the air, repeatedly feinting and looping wide so that Harruq’s sword danced about for phantom blows.
Ahrqur let out a mocking laugh, gave him an obvious feint, and then kicked high.
The foot smashed the bottom of Harruq’s chin, the same sore part Dieredon had hit.
Harruq staggered back, his sword swinging wildly.
The elf charged in, knowing he outmatched the half-orc in speed and skill.
The kill would be his.
“ _Hemorrhage._ ”
A sudden purging of blood vessels exploded across Ahrqur’s side.
The force smashed him into a decorative table.
He rolled off the broken thing and glanced down at the blood soaking his robe.
Despite the wound, no cut or hole was visible in the cloth.
“You are pathetic, Ahrqur,” Qurrah said, his hands whirling.
“You are skilled but you are soft.
You lack spirit, will.
It is why you cannot resist my power.
_Hemorrhage!_ ”
A visible wave of distorted reality crossed the distance between the necromancer and Ahrqur.
The elf crossed his arms against the blow.
His mind was nearly overwhelmed by the sudden tearing sensation that hit him.
Blood splattered from two horrid gashes along his forearms, soaking the carpet crimson.
He collapsed to one knee, his hands latched around his sword.
He tried to raise the blade, but all the strength had left his hands.
He had lost too much blood.
When Harruq came charging forward, Condemnation red and hungry, all he could do was dodge.
Condemnation shattered what remained of the table.
The elf rolled, his arms tucked against his chest.
When he pulled out of the roll, he dashed for a large dresser.
Inside was a stash of healing potions.
All he needed was one and he could fight again.
Just one.
As he reached to open a drawer he felt his leg jerk back, halting his momentum.
He crashed to the floor, screaming in pain as one of his forearms landed hard.
Then he felt his ankle start to burn.
“Take him, brother,” Qurrah said, his whip wrapped around Ahrqur’s left foot.
Harruq did not bother to cross the distance.
He had had enough.
Condemnation flew through the air, its aim true.
The blade sank into the elf’s back.
Blood and fluid covered the carpet as all life fled the body of Ahrqur Tun’del.
Harruq strolled forward, the sound of his ragged breathing filling the sudden quiet.
He drew out his sword, grimacing at the sick wet sound it made.
“What do we do about all the blood?” he asked.
“We will clean it, but first we must drain the body.”
The two dug through dressers upstairs, grabbing old and expensive robes and shirts.
They then dragged the body outside to where the deceased elf had kept a private garden.
Thick brick walls guarded against any prying eyes.
They dug a large hole in a corner and then bled the body dry, letting the fluids soak into the dirt.
Occasionally, they would halt and listen, worried their violent struggle had reached unwanted ears.
No curious investigators arrived, however, and they continued with their dark deed.
When the blood dripping from the elf’s wounds became but a trickle, they filled the hole and moved on.
Using the clothes and robes from upstairs, the two brothers wiped away as much of Ahrqur’s blood as they could.
They tossed the bloody clothes, the table, and the pieces of glass they into the fireplace and burned them.
Harruq wrapped the body in spare blankets he found in a closet.
“Grab the sword,” he said as he hoisted the dead elf onto his shoulder.
“I have it,” Qurrah said, retrieving the elven blade and its dark green sheath from the floor.
They gave one last look around.
Everything was back in place.
No drawers remained open or scattered, no blood stained the floor, and only the sword that used to hang above the fireplace was blatantly missing.
“Come brother, the night is waning fast,” Qurrah said.
Harruq shifted the body to a more comfortable position.
“Lead the way.”
The two slipped out the front door and into the night.
Upon arriving home, Harruq tossed the body into the far room, stripped off his gorgeous black armor, and plopped down onto the bed.
“Night, Qurrah,” he said.
“Sorry, but that elfie wore me out, and I never thought cleaning a place could be so tiring.
I need to rest.”
“Good night, then,” Qurrah replied, crawling onto his side of the uncomfortable bed.
He curled his rags about him and drifted off to sleep, pleasant memories of the battle looping in his mind.
* Chapter 11 Chapter 11{{{1 11
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Dieredon was stunned by the simple fact that he was awake.
He had expected death.
He had also expected darkness.
Instead, the welcoming light of morning met his eyes when he leaned up and looked around.
The elf smiled, then laughed.
They had walked right over him but not seen him.
“Thank you, Celestia,” he said, his smile remaining even as the pain in his ribs and shoulder reawakened.
The stinging, however, paled compared to the previous night.
He sat up, cradling his right arm.
A look around showed no sign of Velixar or his undead.
The morning continued to be full of delightful surprises.
The elf pulled out a roll of thick cloth from a knapsack and began bandaging his wounds.
“Aurelia, we need to talk,” Dieredon said while fashioning a sling for his right arm.
“Those half-orcs have some very interesting friends.”
He stood, tested the tightness of his bandages, took up his bow, and then headed for town.
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq awoke late the next morning.
His tired eyes winced at the sunlight.
He covered his face with an arm, moaning against the evils of interrupted sleep.
Then he remembered Aurelia.
“Aaah, I’ll be late,” he said.
He rubbed his eyes once, and then blinked when he saw his brother leaning against the far wall, waiting for him.
“What will you be late for?” Qurrah asked, his voice hinting only mild curiosity but his eyes revealing otherwise.
“Nothing.
Just my practice is all.”
“Indeed.
Your practice.
I have held my tongue, Harruq, but I will hold it no longer.
Your hair is cut.
You come back every morning bruised.
What is it that you hide from me?”
Harruq lowered his eyes in shame.
“It’s not…‌I didn’t mean anything…”
“What is it, Harruq?
Tell me the truth.”
“I…‌I’ve been training with someone.”
Qurrah crossed his arms.
“Who is he?”
The half-orc chuckled.
“She, not he.
She saved my life, and she’s also been teaching me to read.”
“How did she save your life?” Qurrah asked.
“Remember a few months back when I came home beaten, bloody, and blue?” he asked.
“Guards caught me trying to sneak inside Maggie’s Tavern.
They attacked me, said they were going to arrest me as the Forest Butcher.
Aurelia stopped them.”
Qurrah rubbed his chin, lost in thought.
He glanced at Harruq, a tiny smile forming on his face.
“May I meet her?”
Harruq immediately began blubbering.
“No, but you see, I don’t know if she’s ready, and you might not…‌I need to let her know you’re coming first!”
Qurrah chuckled.
“Why do you worry?”
The big half-orc let his gaze drop to the floor.
“She’s an elf.
Is that alright?”
Qurrah walked over and put a hand on Harruq’s shoulder.
“You may be with whoever you wish, my dear brother.
Just do not try to deceive me.”
Harruq nodded.
“Alright, then you can come this morning.
We’ve got to hurry though, or we’ll be late.”
“I am ready,” Qurrah said.
“When _you_ are ready, lead on.”
The big half-orc flew about their home, grabbing his old swords and donning his faded leather armor.
When ready, he nodded to Qurrah, who let out a rare laugh.
“You are amusing, brother,” was all he said before following him out.
!
[section break](break.png)
“This is it,” Harruq said as he gestured about the small clearing he and Aurelia sparred in.
“Where is she?” Qurrah asked.
Harruq shrugged in response.
“She’s never here.
She always shows up after I do.”
The smaller half-orc scanned the area, seeing no sign of the elf.
“Perhaps she is not coming,” Qurrah offered.
“You are late, after all.
On the other hand, perhaps I scared her off.
I do have a creepy aura about me, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Suuuure, Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms as he waited.
“You’re big and scary and send little kiddies running when they see you on the street.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised,” said a female voice behind the two brothers.
“Any man who would hang out with a brute like Harruq must be a disturbed individual.”
Both turned to see Aurelia step out from behind a tree.
She smiled at Harruq, and then nodded to his brother.
“Care to introduce me?”
“Oh yeah, this is—”
“Qurrah Tun, my lady,” Qurrah said with a bow that sent Harruq’s jaw dropping.
“It is a pleasure to meet you.
May I have the name of the one who has brought civility to my brother?”
Aurelia laughed at Harruq’s flabbergasted look.
“I am Aurelia Thyne,” she said, offering a quick curtsy.
“And it will take years to civilize that big lug.
I’m not sure I have the patience.”
“If your patience matches your beauty then my brother will soon be dressed in nobles’ finest, sipping wine and commenting on the taxing errors of our dear King of Neldar.”
Aurelia blushed.
She smiled at Qurrah.
“You surprise me.
It truly is a pleasure to meet you.”
“And it is a pleasure to meet the elf that my brother is so smitten for.”
Aurelia giggled at Harruq’s squirming.
“He’s a loveable puppy dog, but I do not think he is smitten.
Are you, Harruq?”
“Um, course not,” the half-orc said.
Aurelia and Qurrah shared a quick, knowing smile.
The frail half-orc’s face lost much of its lifelessness, and a gentle caring filled his eyes.
His seriousness quickly buried it, but Aurelia had seen enough.
“I shall leave you two to your studies and sparring,” Qurrah said after a long pause to torture Harruq.
“Although I doubt the wisdom of leaving him alone with such a beautiful teacher.”
“Good thing you will not have to worry about that, considering I see no beautiful teachers around,” Aurelia replied.
Qurrah walked to Aurelia and bowed again, taking her hand in his and kissing it.
As Aurelia smiled, he rose and whispered into her ear.
“He loves you, elf.
I can feel it.
Do you love him back?”
“I don’t know,” she whispered.
“Will you hurt him?”
“Never.”
“Then accept my blessing.”
Finished, Qurrah bowed once more, wished his brother good luck, and then trudged through the forest toward Woodhaven.
When he was out of earshot, Aurelia walked over to Harruq and jabbed him in the side with a finger.
“Now why did you take so long to let me meet him?” she asked.
“I, but, he, but…”
“No buts.
He was a perfect gentleman.”
The half-orc threw his arms up in surrender.
He sat down beside her and did his best to focus on the letters.
Aurelia seemed impressed enough with his progress, and they soon began working on simple words further into the book.
“Why does your brother speak so strangely,” she asked once they were done, trying to broach the subject casually.
She sat stretched out on the grass, her legs crossed and her weight leaning back on her arms.
The whole time they had taught she had found her mind wandering to the sick, spidery voice Qurrah spoke in, a voice that had nearly spoiled his otherwise surprising charm.
“Qurrah was sold to a necromancer.
I told you that, right?”
Aurelia nodded.
“I believe you did.”
“Well, he caught my brother practicing a spell once.
Qurrah was forbidden from ever casting magic, yet he tried anyway.
He’s like that, always been, always will.
Anyway, his master took a hot poker and shoved it down his throat.
Said that way he’d never cast again.”
Harruq chuckled.
“He was wrong, obviously.
Qurrah was stuck talking like that.
Like a snake hiss or a raspy whisper.”
“Or a dying man,” Aurelia whispered, so soft that Harruq could not make out her words.
!
[section break](break.png)
The streets were all the same to him, so down them all he wandered.
The image of Aurelia and Harruq danced in his mind, and conflicting feelings rippled through his chest.
“She seems a kind enough elf,” Qurrah said, talking to himself since he had no company.
“Beautiful as well.
Of course Harruq would be attracted to her.
We have elven blood in our veins, do we not?”
The words felt hollow against the constant ache in his heart.
Hard as he tried, he could not place it.
Was it anger?
No.
Surprise?
A little, perhaps.
Jealousy?
Certainly not.
Worry?
Fear?
Doubt?
The only emotion he was certain of was confusion.
So he walked and would walk for the rest of the morning, wishing there was something he could do to banish the sick, hollow feeling in his stomach.
There was nothing he knew to do though, and that made it so much worse.
!
[section break](break.png)
Their sparring ended, Harruq and Aurelia sat side-by-side against a tree, both glistening with sweat.
“Getting better,” the half-orc said.
“You’re going to be beating my ass in a few weeks if you keep learning as fast as you are.”
“Don’t worry,” she said, patting his hand.
“Your ass is safe with me.”
Harruq laughed at the absurdity.
Aurelia, meanwhile, absently drew lines in the dirt.
He watched for a moment, suddenly nervous and quiet.
The words of his brother echoed in his head.
“Aurry?” he asked.
“You said most elves remember when men were created…‌do you know how orcs were made?”
The elf looked at him.
She was trying to read him, Harruq could tell, but he endured it without protest.
“When Ashhur and Karak warred, there were elves that sought to end it,” she said.
“Against Celestia’s orders, they joined Karak, hoping their aid would finally end the conflict.
When our goddess imprisoned the two gods, she cursed those elves.
She stripped them of their beauty, their intelligence, and their long life.
They weren’t evil, Harruq, but Karak offered them strength and they accepted it.
The dark god drove them to war against elves and men.
Finally the orcs were banished to the Vile Wedge between the rivers.”
“Do any still worship Karak?”
“Most don’t,” Aurelia said.
“They’ve turned to worshipping animals now.
I’ve even heard of some worshipping Celestia once more, hoping she will forgive them and remove their curse.
They are a sad race, Harruq, but believe me in saying there is no shame in your blood.”
The half-orc shifted uncomfortably, unable to meet Aurelia’s eyes.
He watched her trace lines in the grass.
Seeking a way to lighten the mood, he asked her how to spell his name.
“Harruq?” she asked.
“Hrm.
My best guess would be H-a-r-r-u-k.”
A soft blow of air from her lips turned the grass to dirt so that a large space lay available for her to write on.
She wrote ‘Harruk’ in the dirt with her finger, spacing out each letter.
Harruq stared at the words representing his name, feeling a tiny thrill.
“How about my last name, Tun?”
She wrote out T-u-n.
The half-orc stared, absorbing every detail of his name.
“Can I see your name?” he asked.
Aurelia nodded, tracing her hand across the dirt.
“A-u-r-e-l-i-a.”
The half-orc smiled at the name.
“It even looks all pretty,” he said, eliciting a laugh.
“Do Qurrah now.”
Aurelia did not begin writing immediately, instead thinking over the pronunciation.
“Qurrah,” she said at last.
“It is a little tricky, but I bet it is spelled like this.”
Letter by letter she wrote ‘Qurrah’ in the dirt.
Harruq stared at it, whispering his brother’s name as his eyes traced the letters.
As he did, a thought hit him.
His eyes went back and forth from his own name and Qurrah’s.
“You spelled my name wrong,” Harruq said.
“What?
How?”
The half-orc reached over, erased the k in his name and drew a clumsy, capitalized Q at the end.
He leaned back and smiled.
The name in the dirt now read ‘HarruQ’.
“Why did you change it?” she asked.
“It’s a rather odd spelling.”
“Look at my brother’s name,” he said.
Aurelia did, and then she saw what Harruq had also seen.
“Your name is your brother’s, only backwards.”
“Yup,” Harruq laughed.
“Mum was always smart for an orc.
Even knew how to read, if you believe that.
Bet she did that on purpose.”
“Yes, but why?”
Harruq shrugged.
“Thought she was being clever?
Who knows!
But I can spell my name now!”
“Good for you,” Aurelia laughed.
“Now go on home, you bother me.”
“Well fine then,” the half-orc said, feigning insult.
“I see someone’s jealous I saw it before she did.”
Harruq dodged the first two springs of water but the third one caught him square in the face.
He was still dripping when he arrived home.
“You and her go swimming?” Qurrah asked him.
“Shut up,” was all he said.
Qurrah laughed.
The pit in his stomach suddenly didn’t seem so awful.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Aurelia!” Dieredon screamed to the wilderness.
Birds whistled, but no elven voice spoke back.
“Aurelia!” he shouted again, wincing at the pain in his chest.
After arriving in town, he had found one of his stashed healing potions and downed it.
His ribs had gone from several pieces to just a single break, and his shoulder was slowly regaining strength.
It would still be days before he was back to full health, days he did not have to spare.
“I’m here,” Aurelia said after the third yell from Dieredon.
The elf turned and smiled at her even though she winced and moved to examine his arm, which remained in a sling.
“They are nothing,” he told her.
“Please, you must listen to me.
Stay away from the half-orcs.
They aren’t safe.”
“Nonsense,” she said.
She guided a hand across his chest, feeling the break.
Her hand then traveled to his shoulder, and a deep frown grew across her face.
“Who did this to you?” she asked.
“The man in black, the one continuing to train the half-orcs.
I approached him last night and he nearly killed me.”
“Harruq is no threat to me,” Aurelia insisted.
“And I have met Qurrah.
He showed me nothing but kindness.”
“Then it is a false kindness,” Dieredon said.
He paused for a moment, grabbed his chest with his healthy arm, and then looked at her again.
Pain was evident in his eyes.
“That man has an army of undead.
I barely managed to hide until daylight.
Woodhaven is in danger, and so are you.”
Aurelia stepped back, frowning.
“Are you sure it was Harruq?”
“I saw the warrior with my own eyes.
I ignored them and went after the master, just as you asked.” He gestured to his wounds.
“You can see my reward.
I could not kill him.
There are very few I cannot kill, Aurelia, and I do not appreciate adding another to that list.”
“I will still see him,” Aurelia said.
“I will be careful, but I will still see him.
He needs me.
I know it.”
Dieredon gave a one-shoulder shrug.
“Very well.
I will trust you, Aurelia.”
He turned to go.
Aurelia grabbed his hand and stopped him.
“Where will you go?”
The elf glanced back to her.
“War is coming.
I must alert my kin.
If this man and his army do attack Woodhaven, he will find the Quellan army descending upon him from the sky.
Besides, I have been separated from Sonowin far too long.
I miss her.”
Aurelia smiled for the first time since she had seen Dieredon.
“I am surprised you have gone so long without retrieving her,” Aurelia said.
“She is a beautiful horse.
I wish to see her when you return.”
“I promise,” Dieredon said.
Aurelia released his hand.
“May Celestia watch over you,” she said as he left.
“And she over you,” Dieredon replied.
Then he was gone, through the forest and back into town.
There he bought a sturdy horse and began his long ride south to the Quellan forest.
!
[section break](break.png)
“It is a beautiful blade,” Harruq said, examining the elven weapon that had belonged to Ahrqur.
They were killing the final hour before dark.
Then they would hoist the wrapped body onto Harruq’s shoulder and sneak out of town.
Qurrah sat meditating in a corner while Harruq yammered to himself.
The blade was in one hand, the decorative scabbard in the other.
“He was a skilled swordsman,” Qurrah said.
“He was also arrogant.
I would expect such a blade from one like him.”
Harruq shrugged.
“If I didn’t have my own two swords, I’d use it.”
The half-orc cut the blade through the air a few times and then sheathed it.
He turned the weapon over in his hands, marveling at the swimming colors of dark green and black.
He paused when he found a name written in gold near the hilt.
“Tun’del,” Harruq read aloud, slowly and carefully.
“He even has his name on his sword.”
“Did I not say he was arrogant?”
Harruq stared at the name on the scabbard, mesmerized by the beauty of the writing.
He ran his fingers over it, enjoying the feeling of pure gold.
When he covered the second half, he paused.
“Qurrah,” Harruq said.
“Look at this.”
The bigger half-orc shifted the blade so that his brother could see.
He kept his hand where it was.
Qurrah read the name, and then glanced at his brother.
“That is our last name.”
Harruq nodded.
“Aurelia showed me.
T, u, n, she said.
And then this sword here has our name…‌kind of.”
Qurrah stared at the name, thinking.
“He was an elf,” he said.
“I guess it is possible he was our father, although I feel it more likely a coincidence.
Our mother was intelligent, at least for an orc, but was she smart enough to leave us clues within our own names?”
“Well, he’s dead now, so we’ll never know,” Harruq said, tossing the blade onto the floor.
Qurrah, however, was far from dismayed.
He grinned at his brother and then spoke in his hissing voice.
“Would you like to have a conversation with our dear old dad?” he asked.
* Chapter 12 Chapter 12{{{1 12
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
The body of Ahrqur Tun’del lay atop several strange markings and shapes drawn in the dirt.
He remained wrapped in the blankets and sheets the two half-orcs had used to smuggle him out of his house.
The wrappings provided a bit of relief against the growing smell of death that already permeated their home.
“His spirit will be bound to mine,” Qurrah said, sitting on his knees before the body.
His eyes were closed and his hands atop Ahrqur’s head.
“Any question you or I ask he must answer truthfully.
Do not be disturbed by the sound he first makes.
Spirits brought back into our world rarely enjoy the journey.”
Harruq nodded, dressed in his black armor.
They did not have much time before Velixar’s dark cloud arrived.
They could not rush, but nor could they dawdle.
Qurrah inhaled deeply and began casting his spell.
The words of magic were similar to those when he raised the eight corpses back in Cornrows.
The bigger half-orc was aware of subtle differences, but had little clue to what they were.
Words of power were beyond his understanding.
The body quivered, but it was not a physical quiver.
Translucent silver crept about the wraps.
Blue smoke floated into the air.
The blue and silver grew thicker and thicker.
Qurrah’s words grew louder, more powerful, and then Ahrqur’s spirit ripped into the air, a glowing blue-silver form of insanity.
The spirit looked much as he did in life, except his clothes were different.
They were silvery robes, beautiful and decadent.
The spirit wailed.
It took all of Harruq’s strength to resist the urge to cover his ears.
“Cease such nonsense,” Qurrah ordered.
The spirit immediately hushed.
A bit of coherence came to his eyes, and he glared down at the half-orc.
“Greetings, Ahrqur,” Qurrah said.
“Remember us, the incompetent thieves?”
The spirit glared harder.
“Did his tongue die with him?” Harruq asked.
“I haven’t told him he can speak yet,” Qurrah responded.
His eyes flicked back from Harruq to the spirit.
“You may talk, spirit, but keep it quiet.”
“You take my life, and now you dare keep me from eternity?” the spirit moaned.
“For what reason do you torment me?
I have never harmed you, never said a cursing word, but now this?”
“Just a few questions and you may return to your slumber.”
Qurrah paused, a smile growing across his lips.
“Tell me, did you ever sleep with an orcish woman?”
The spirit recoiled as if struck.
“You dare ask me if I ever committed an act so disgraceful and…”
“Answer me!”
The cry from Qurrah rolled over him like a horde of stampeding horses.
All his resistance broke away, meaningless, preventing nothing.
“Yes,” Ahrqur said.
The words dripped out of his mouth, quiet and disgusted.
“Yes.
Once.”
Harruq shook his head, hardly able to believe it.
“You did?” he asked.
“How long ago?”
“Many years.
Fifteen.
Twenty.”
“Why did you sleep with her?” Qurrah asked.
“She filled me with drink and then tricked me,” the elven spirit said.
“Never would I willingly have touched one of Celestia’s cursed.”
Qurrah shook his head.
“Answer me truthfully, you wretched spirit.
Was it willing or was it not?”
The spirit gave no answer.
The half-orc stood, his hands clenched into fists.
He hooked them through the air as he repeated his question.
“Was it willing or not?” he demanded.
“Yes,” Ahrqur whispered, grimacing as if filled with horrid pain.
“When she approached me, I offered no resistance.
Now will you let me return to peace?”
“Not yet.
Harruq, would you like to tell him?”
Ahrqur glanced at Harruq, who was grinning wide.
“You can see we have orcish blood in us, right?” Harruq asked.
“Aye, you stink of it,” the spirit said.
“Well, we also have elven blood in us.
Our mum said she bedded an elf before she was thrown out of town.
So guess what?
I’m thinking we’re the children you sired with that orc lady so many years ago.”
The glow of the spirit faded.
It looked back and forth, shaking and moaning.
“You cannot be bastard children of mine,” Ahrqur said, his voice weak and distant.
“Celestia cannot hate me so.”
“Celestia has nothing to do with this,” Qurrah said.
“It is truth.”
Almost all the spirit’s glow was gone.
Only hatred and disgust lingered in his eyes.
“May I be released now, wretched spawn of mine?” Ahrqur asked.
“Yes.
Go rest in your shame.
I have no use for you.”
The spirit gave Qurrah one last glare then dissipated into the fading light.
Silence filled the room.
“Well, what did you think?” asked Harruq.
“I think,” Qurrah said, “that was enjoyable.”
The two paused, each thinking the same thing.
Finally, Harruq voiced his thoughts.
“You think Velixar knew it when he sent us to kill him?”
Qurrah stretched, letting out a small sigh as his back popped.
“Yes, I do,” he said.
“Although I don’t know why.
A test of some sort perhaps?”
“Getting tired of tests,” Harruq said.
“Keep such thoughts buried and dead.” Qurrah pointed to the door.
The cloud of darkness waited.
“Bring the body.”
!
[section break](break.png)
“Excellent.”
Velixar beamed at his two disciples.
At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
“Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.
You both have proven yourselves as strong as I believed.
Unwrap the body.
It is time we begin.”
Much preparation later, Qurrah and Velixar stood on opposite sides of a naked Ahrqur.
The elf lay on his back.
Thin scars and symbols decorated his body, including a slanted Y across his forehead.
Thirteen stones surrounded the corpse, each dabbed with a bit of Qurrah’s blood.
Velixar held a piece of Ahrqur’s flesh in his right hand.
“Are you ready?” Velixar asked his disciple.
“Yes, master,” Qurrah said.
The elder necromancer crushed the flesh in his grip, signaling the start of his casting.
Dark, slithering words flowed from his lips, ominous in the starlight.
As the minutes passed, the blood on the stones began to glow.
Qurrah took up his own chant, a single phrase he was to repeat so that the spirit of Ahrqur could not flee once Velixar summoned it.
“ _Drak thun, drak thaye, kaer vrek thal luen,_ ” he chanted.
A part of him shivered, the words so similar to black words Master had spoken before the hyena-men had come.
He repeated his designated phrase, feeling the magic flowing from him to encircle the body.
“ _Kala mar, yund cthular!_ ” Velixar shrieked in a voice stronger than his frail form should have possessed.
The call echoed throughout the night, sending wolves yipping away and night owls crashing in a squawking frenzy.
The symbols on the body flared to a brilliant crimson.
A sense of exaltation soared through both necromancers as Ahrqur opened his eyes and snarled.
“Rise, slave,” Velixar commanded.
“Your soul is trapped in your body and answers only to my command.”
The naked elf rose, his eyes burning with red rage.
The symbols on his body faded until they were but faint scars.
“Give him his clothes,” Velixar ordered his student.
Qurrah fetched a pair of black pants, a red shirt, and a black cloak, all of which Velixar had prepared before the brothers had brought the bloodless body to him.
“Dress,” the necromancer ordered.
Ahrqur growled some inane argument, but a glare from Velixar sent him cowering.
“You must obey my every command, wretch, before you may return to the peaceful death you left.
Fight me and you shall find your stay here lasting longer than your rotting body’s.”
The undead Ahrqur whimpered.
Qurrah watched the display, fighting against feelings of jealousy.
He had commanded Ahrqur’s spirit to speak truthfully, but Velixar’s very glare sent him groveling to his knees.
The elf stood and dressed, covering his white form in the red and black garb.
Once dressed, Harruq gave him the ornate elven blade.
“Your quest is a simple one,” he told his slave.
“Go to Veldaren.
Do whatever you must to sneak into the king’s castle.
Kill if needed.
When you find King Vaelor, wound him but do not kill him.
Do not be captured, either.
Die in combat.”
Ahrqur nodded, his eyes seething.
Velixar reached out and placed his hand on the elf’s forehead.
Qurrah watched as smoke rose from their contact, yet neither flinched.
When the necromancer drew back his hand, a strange symbol lay overtop the faint scarring of the slanted Y.
It was of a fallen man wreathed in flame.
“When you fall, the enchantment upon your forehead shall burn your body to ash.
Then your soul may find peace.”
“I shall do as you command,” Ahrqur said in a lifeless voice.
“Of course,” Velixar said.
“There is no other way.”
Ahrqur glanced to Qurrah, and his mouth opened to speak.
Both Tun brothers felt a bit of panic, wondering what their new master might say if he learned what they had done.
Instead, he closed his mouth and glared at Velixar one last time before running north on legs that would never tire.
“When will you know of his success or failure?” Qurrah asked once his eyes could no longer perceive the elf’s faint outline.
“Immediately,” Velixar whispered.
“All he sees, I see.
All he hears, I hear.
His thoughts, dreams, and nightmares are available to me, hidden behind locked doors to which I now hold the key.”
Again, Qurrah lusted for such power and control.
Velixar smiled, clearly seeing the desire the half-orc hid behind his eyes.
“One day you will hold such control.
For now, be content with what I have taught you.”
Qurrah gave a soft laugh and then nodded.
“I believe that shall suffice.”
Harruq did not know why, but the short exchange sent chills running to the pit of his stomach.
!
[section break](break.png)
The night was hot and miserable when Velixar met the half-orc brothers and told them the news they had long waited to hear.
“Ahrqur was successful, and in ways beyond what I could have hoped for,” he told them, joy dancing in his features.
“King Vaelor has long felt inferior to the kings of his past.
I have haunted his dreams, and I know his heart.
He wishes a war with the elves to prove his worth.
Ahrqur gave him his reason, and it was beautiful.”
“What is it your slave did?” Qurrah asked.
“In a court full of human nobles, he broke through, slew four of them, and then took the king’s left ear.” Velixar laughed.
“He killed five guards before he was slain.
Two more died in the fiery consumption of his corpse.”
Qurrah smiled at the image.
Harruq’s blood heated at the thought of battle, but the coldness in his stomach refused to succumb.
“Vaelor cannot yet risk war,” Velixar continued.
“He must have all the people see him as a peaceful man driven to conflict.
History does not favor the warmongers, not among the peasants and scribes.
They favor so-called great men, driven to war by horrid acts of others.”
The man in black spat his disdain.
“It is a sad age when conquerors are seen as warmongering butchers and the cowards backed into corners are seen as the true heroes.
Ashhur can be blamed for poisoning so many with such rubbish.”
“What will the king do?” asked Harruq, his hands rubbing the hilts of his blades.
“He has already evicted elven blood from his kingdom.
Woodhaven, however, still contains hundreds of elves.
In his pride, Vaelor will demand them to leave.
A messenger is already en route.
I have haunted his dreams as well.
He is but a distant cousin to the king, spoiled and stupid.
He carries orders to the elves of Woodhaven: leave or die.”
“They will never leave,” Qurrah said.
“They are stubborn and will defend their homes until death.”
“It is more than that,” Velixar said.
“The Quellan elves have already been pushed across the rivers by the Mordan people.
Both races of elves fear for their existence.
Celestia has grown distant to her clerics.
Mankind breeds like mice while the elves find themselves gradually dwindling.
A man fighting an elf is like a grain of sand blowing against a stone, yet strong winds and fields of sand can reduce the sturdiest of boulders to dust.”
“What are we to do?” Qurrah asked.
Velixar looked at him and smiled.
“Kill the messenger and the guards that accompany him.
Vaelor will be furious at the death of family, however distant.
He will have every excuse to war with the elves and we will exploit that war to our purposes.”
“Will you accompany us?” Qurrah asked.
Velixar shook his head.
“Bring me the head of the messenger.
I will retrieve an elf to deliver it to the king.”
The man in black stood and motioned to the stars.
“Follow the left wing,” he said, his finger pointing to the constellation in the stars referred to as the raven.
“It will not be long before you see the light of their campfire.
Make haste.
The battle grows closer with every move we make.”
“Yes, master,” they echoed before beginning their trek.
!
[section break](break.png)
It was not long before they saw the firelight in the distance.
“Can you run, brother?” Harruq asked.
“No, I cannot.
The night is long.
I will hurry, but please let me rest when I must.”
“Course I’ll let you rest when you need it.
Come on, let’s go.”
They stopped twice for Qurrah to catch his breath.
His weak body gasped for air, sweat lining his face and neck.
In the starlight, he looked so pale, so frail, that Harruq wondered how his brother could be so fearsome in combat.
When they neared the firelight, they stopped to plan.
“So what should we do?” Harruq asked.
“They are not asleep,” Qurrah said.
“Something keeps them awake.
I fear they know of our arrival.”
“Velixar?”
“I believe so.
He tests us again.”
Harruq patted his swords.
“So be it.
What’s the plan?”
Qurrah could see two men positioned on either side of the campfire.
They kept their backs to the fire and sat far enough away so their eyes would not fully adjust to its light.
They camped within a sparse copse of trees, the trunks not nearly thick enough to hide their approach.
“They are wise and alert,” he whispered.
“Perhaps I can get close enough to cast a spell on one or two.
They are on flat ground, so I see no way to ambush them.”
“Then why don’t we just walk over, say hello, and then whack ’em?” Harruq asked.
“My dear brother,” Qurrah said, “that is a very good question.”
Brazenly, they approached the campfire.
They kept their weapons sheathed and hidden.
The closer they got before the men panicked the better.
“Halt, who goes there?” one of the guards shouted to them as they neared.
They wore polished chainmail shining red in the firelight.
The crest of Neldar adorned their tabards.
Longswords hung from their belts.
“Me be Harruq Tun!” the half-orc said as he stepped further into the light, grinning stupidly.
“And this be me brother, Qurrah!”
“Get back you smelly thing,” the other guard said.
Both stood to face him as other guards stirred from their blankets and bedrolls.
They still wore their chainmail, proof something had disturbed them greatly.
Sleeping in armor was far from comfortable.
“Me only a little smelly,” Harruq slurred.
“Do you have any food, me be starving, and me brother no be feelin’ too good.
Just look at him!”
Qurrah chuckled at the act while his concealed whip writhed about his arm.
“What is going on?” asked a whiny little voice.
From the lone tent, a skinny man in purple and red emerged stinking of perfume.
“It is nothing,” one of the guards said.
Harruq held in a chuckle.
It was obvious the guard had little love for the disgusting noble.
“Nothing?
By Ashhur, it is the smelliest, dirtiest nothing I have ever seen.
Shoo you foul beast, we have no need of your stench.”
“You have little need of what we bring,” Qurrah said, the whip uncurling from his arm and falling to the dirt.
A single thought made the black leather burst into flames.
“Assassins!” a guard shouted, drawing his blade.
The other guards, six in total, did the same.
The perfumed man in the center shook as he realized combat was about to erupt.
“It is seven against two, you stupid pigs,” he shouted.
“What are you thinking?”
“That you will die last,” Qurrah said before casting his first spell.
The fire in the center of the camp flickered and then died.
The half-orcs, through their mixed blood, could see well in the darkness.
The humans had no such natural ability.
Until their eyes adjusted to the moonlight, the only thing they could see was their burning red eyes, the demonic glow of Harruq’s blades, and the fire that burned but did not consume Qurrah’s whip.
In that darkness, they were demons of another plane, furious and merciless.
The men fought but their hearts were afraid.
Qurrah could sense it and knew the battle was already theirs.
Harruq bellowed a battle cry, clanging his swords together for effect.
The guards gathered as best they could, forming a wall in front of the noble.
Harruq charged, a roar rolling out his mouth like a tornado.
It was loud, strong, and seemed to shake the earth to those before it.
When he crashed into the line of guards, the blood ran quick and free.
Of the seven, only two stood their ground against the glowing blades.
One swung his sword in a high, round arc while the other stabbed forward, hoping to gut the half-orc because of his charge.
Harruq’s charge, though, was far from mindless.
His speed far beyond the guard’s, he knocked the stab away, then shifted his weight so that both Salvation and Condemnation blocked the other attack.
The weaker blade shattered against the magic of the twin swords.
One weaponless and the other horribly positioned, the two were defenseless.
Salvation took a throat.
Condemnation pierced rib and lung.
Harruq ripped his blade out of the guard’s chest and shoved the body to the side.
The dying heap of flesh collided against two other men, knocking them back and delaying their attack.
He mocked them, adrenaline flooding his veins.
“Is that all you can do?” he screamed.
“Where’s the fun in this?”
“Here’s your fun,” one said, stabbing at Harruq’s side from behind.
The blade punctured the black armor and bit into flesh.
The half-orc roared, and then twisted so fast it left the expert guard breathless.
His upper body jerked left to prevent the sword from going in any further.
Salvation swung around, ringing against the blade.
Condemnation followed through, aimed straight for the guard’s throat.
He ducked underneath the swing, feeling the air of the cut just inches above his head.
Then he was up, both hands gripping his sword tightly.
Harruq came charging in, both swords striking.
The guard parried one after the other, constantly retreating.
The others came to his aid, swinging careful, tentative blows.
All three tried to engage without being put at risk, much like men prodding a bull.
Of course, the result was similar.
The bull got madder.
“If you’re gonna fight me, fight me!” he yelled.
He ignored several strikes, accepting the cuts so he could close the distance between him and his opponent.
The sound of steel was quick and brutal, but after the humiliation against Dieredon, Harruq felt as if his opponent moved through sand.
At the end of three seconds, both of his blades had found flesh.
The guard fell at his feet, bleeding from a severed arm and a gutted belly.
Soaked in blood, Harruq turned to the remaining guards and bellowed like the mad beast he was.
The remaining two facing him were trained well.
They held firm when Harruq charged, and stayed close together.
Because of this, they managed to survive the initial onslaught.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Do not come closer,” Qurrah said, cracking his whip across the grass.
Fire spread before his feet, which were black with smoke.
The two guards ignored his threats, knowing the difficulty of using a whip in melee combat.
Casting magic would also be a great risk.
They only needed to close the distance and Qurrah was theirs.
However, knowing was easier than doing.
Much easier.
When the two tried to close in, Qurrah lashed out with his whip.
One ducked away in fear.
The other managed to deflect the lash and then charge, his sword leading.
The flaming leather curled back around like a living thing.
Qurrah sent it at the nearest opponent.
He blocked, and then realized blocking was what the whip wanted him to do.
A cocoon of fiery leather enveloped his sword, pulling him closer.
The half-orc’s free hand reached out.
A soft blue enveloped it as he whispered words of a spell.
His hand touched the chest of the guard, causing frost to spread out across the man’s tunic then seep inward as the guard screamed out in horrid pain.
The scream halted as quickly as it had begun.
The frost had reached his lungs, encircled them, and then froze them still.
The man retched silently.
Qurrah ignored him, knowing he would soon be dead.
The other guard charged Qurrah and swung his longsword.
The necromancer smirked, preparing another lashing.
The flaming leather wrapped around the guard’s sword hand, charring flesh to bone as he screamed.
The blade dropped as the guard held his blackened hand before him, bits of white bone catching the moonlight.
“Mercy,” he begged, falling to his knees as the necromancer approached.
“There is no such thing,” Qurrah said before magically hurling two pieces of bone through the man’s eyes.
He turned to the other guard, who still gasped in vain for air.
He watched until death claimed him.
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq relished the feeling of true combat against skilled opponents.
One would slash out, hoping for an opening, then back away as the other guard lunged, preventing Harruq from any chance to counter.
Blood ran down his arms and sides from several minor cuts.
The pain was good.
It helped focus his mind.
It also fed his rage.
“Kill me,” he shouted to one guard after another hit and fade.
He smacked away a thrust but did not attempt to counter.
“Can you not kill me?” he asked, holding his swords out wide.
Neither one attacked, instead holding their swords in defensive positions.
Harruq shook his head, feeling his anger growing.
These men did not fight with their hearts.
They fought with their heads, and such foolishness could not be tolerated.
“Fine, I’ll show you a real warrior,” he said.
His muscles tensed, his legs bulged, and then he charged the two, oblivious to his own safety.
Overwhelming any of their attacks, he was a moving mountain of muscle, dangerous and powerful.
The meager defenses of the guards faltered.
One tried to block as Condemnation came for his head.
The blade broke through and cleaved his skull in two.
The other brought his sword down too late.
Salvation tore through his chainmail.
Harruq whirled on him, a quick double strike knocking the sword from his hand.
Helpless, the man staggered backward, clutching his wounded side.
His eyes pleaded, but his mouth would dare not say the demeaning words.
Harruq cut him again and again.
His arms, his chest, his face: it all bled.
But he remained alive, at least until that final moment when the two magic blades scissor-cut his neck.
Harruq sheathed his swords and held the decapitated head of his foe high above him.
Full of pride, Qurrah watched his brother roar his victory to the night sky.
* Chapter 13 Chapter 13{{{1 13
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
“Please, leave me be.
I can give you gold, slaves, whatever you want!”
Qurrah chuckled.
“Tie the bonds tighter.
I do not want him breaking my concentration.”
Harruq nodded, yanking harder on the knot that held the noble’s hands behind his back.
He was on his knees, his silk outfit stained by grass and dirt.
Blood ran from where Harruq had broken his nose.
“Name a price, name it, anything, just name it!”
Harruq glanced at Qurrah, who only chuckled louder.
“We have little need for riches, noble.
All we want is you.”
The man paled.
“Me?
What do you want me for?
The elves…‌they sent you to attack me, didn’t they?
Whatever they paid you, I can double it.
Triple it!”
Qurrah shook his head.
“No elf hired us, and no gold was put in our pockets.”
The flaming whip appeared, charring grass as it touched the ground.
“Then what do you want with me?” the man shrieked.
“You’ll see,” Harruq whispered into his ear before backing away.
The eyes of the nobleman grew wider, and panic gripped him entirely.
“No, no you can’t.
You wouldn’t!
Please, I beg of you, don’t…”
“Enough,” Qurrah said.
His hand reached out, the tips of his fingers brushing the sides of the man’s face.
Haunting words of magic flowed from the necromancer’s mouth.
The noble’s jaw dropped, and black veins appeared in his eyes.
“By the gods, what is that?”
Harruq followed the man’s upward gaze but saw only clear night sky.
“Keep it away from me!” the man shouted as Qurrah released his hand and backed away.
A glint of pleasure shone in his eyes as he watched his handiwork.
The nobleman struggled against the ropes, his gaze locked on the sky.
“Please, no, take it away, I’ll do anything, anything, just keep it away.
Don’t let it touch me, please, please, DON’T LET IT TOUCH ME!”
The man screamed for the next two minutes.
Then he died.
“What did you do to him?” Harruq asked once the man was dead.
“Fear is an entertaining weapon, is it not?”
The warrior shook his head in wonder, but Qurrah said no more.
“Do we leave the bodies here?” Harruq asked.
The necromancer trotted over to the dead noble and did not answer.
Instead, he ruffled through the silk robes until he found a scroll marked with the seal of the king.
Qurrah ripped it to shreds and let the pieces scatter in the wind, then he turned to his brother.
“Do you remember what our Master wanted?”
Harruq unsheathed Condemnation and nodded.
“Aye, I do,” he said.
!
[section break](break.png)
When they returned to where Velixar waited, Harruq dropped the head of the noble.
It rolled twice before stopping face down in the grass.
“Excellent,” the man in black said.
He looked his giant warrior up and down.
“You are wounded.
Is it serious?”
“Bah, I can handle far more than this,” Harruq said.
“I’ll bandage them when we get home.”
“Very well.
Leave me.
Your work is done this night.”
Lying in the grass next to Velixar was the dead body of an elf male.
Qurrah glanced at it, and then looked to his master.
“Do you need help bringing him back to life?” he asked.
Velixar shook his head.
“Of course not.
Both of you must rest.
I will not be able to see you for a while, my disciples.
The elves are more than wary of my presence now.
Be ready come nightfall, and watch for my shadow.
When it does come, that means war is on the horizon.
Our glorious time has almost arrived.”
Raising a pale hand, he dismissed them.
Qurrah turned to leave, but Harruq lingered.
“Master,” he asked, “when this fight starts, which side will we be on?”
His brother narrowed his eyes, knowing exactly why the question was asked.
Velixar, however, seemed either not to know or not to care.
“If the elves win, Vaelor will have no choice but to leave them be.
The assault of my orcs has weakened his army.
They cannot suffer any more losses.
If the humans win, however…”
A grin spread wide across his ever-changing face, chilling Harruq’s spine.
“If the humans win, the elves will declare full scale war against the kingdom of Neldar.
So which side do you think will have the privilege of our blades and magic?”
“We will kill the elves,” Harruq said.
The man in black nodded and then dismissed his bone general.
“Go.
Patch your wounds.”
The half-orc bowed and then joined his brother.
The two journeyed across the hills and then snuck inside Woodhaven.
When they reached their home, Harruq removed his armor and began wrapping strips of old cloth around his wounds.
Qurrah watched him for a moment before speaking.
“You know what you must do, should it come to it,” he said.
Harruq nodded, knowing exactly what he meant.
“Don’t have much of a choice, do I?”
He wrapped a long piece of cloth around his chest and then struggled to make his beefy hands tie a firm knot behind his back.
Qurrah crossed the room, silent.
He took the bits from Harruq’s hands and tied them in a double knot.
“Do your best to convince Aurelia not to fight,” he said, his voice quieter than normal.
“Do everything you can.
Make her listen.”
“I don’t want to kill her,” Harruq whispered.
“Will you if you must?”
The half-orc did not answer.
Qurrah stepped around and stared into his brother’s eyes.
“If we meet her on the field of battle, if we fight her, she might attack me instead of you.
Her or me, brother.
Who would you choose?
Which of us will die?”
The burly half-orc buried his gaze into Qurrah’s eyes.
He did not flinch, and he did not lie, when he spoke.
“She would die.
I would hate it forever, but she would die.”
The necromancer nodded.
“Never forget it.
Now let me help you dress those wounds.
Some look deeper than you let on.”
Harruq remained silent as his brother scanned him, tightening bandages and cleaning some of the nastier cuts.
His mind lingered on the fight that night, blocks he had missed, moves he made he shouldn’t have, and opportunities presented he had not taken advantage of.
But mostly he thought of Aurelia, giggling as vines held him and she blasted his back with springs of water.
He did not sleep well that night.
It would be a long while before he did.
!
[section break](break.png)
The mood in Woodhaven grew somber as dark rumors spread.
First came word that troops were on their way to enforce an edict evicting all elves from the city.
The more this rumor spread, the more elves seemed to arrive.
Elven men and women with camouflage and great longbows patrolled the city.
Even more lingered in taverns and the homes of kin.
Many humans left for the homes of family and friends, wanting no part of the coming conflict, while others spent hours whispering with the elf men in the bars.
The tension grew.
A group of men, not daring to admit where their pay came from, built sturdy palisades between the two halves of town.
Everyone knew why but none spoke of it, at least outside of a whisper.
Two weeks after Harruq and Qurrah had slaughtered the messenger from Veldaren, the burning lights of an army encampment filled the fields north of Woodhaven.
Soldiers of Neldar had arrived.
!
[section break](break.png)
Antonil Copernus was quiet as he gazed at the town.
The wind teased his long blond hair, never letting it rest as he stood.
The moonlight cast an eerie glow on his gold-tinted armor, which was carefully polished.
Behind him, the tents of his soldiers, numbering more than six hundred, lay scattered about in loose formation.
In the silence, an elf walked up beside him, his keen eyes taking in the torches that lit the city.
“The city is quiet,” the elf said.
“They await battle.”
“Let us hope it does not come to that, Dieredon.
Perhaps they will accept the king’s orders for now.”
The elf shook his head.
“You know they will not.”
Antonil glanced at the elf, who was painted in camouflage and still wore his wicked bow slung across his back.
He sighed.
“You’re right.
I do know.”
Silence followed.
The two continued staring, each wishing to speak their mind but unable to summon the courage.
“You are a wise man,” Dieredon said, breaking the moment.
“You know who is in the right in this conflict, as do I.”
“Yes, we both do,” Antonil agreed.
He glanced to the elf, his face asking the question he could not voice.
“No, I will not fight at their side,” Dieredon answered.
“Never could I raise my bladed bow against you.
However, I cannot fight against my brethren.
I will let fate decide tomorrow, without my involvement.”
Antonil clasped the man on the shoulder.
“Thank you.
If there was a way I could stop this, I would.”
“Then stop it.”
“You know I can’t.”
“You can!
Defy the king’s orders.
Stop the bloodshed that his fear and paranoia are about to unleash.”
“An elf came, killed several nobles, and took the king’s ear.
Then his cousin is slain bearing a message to this town, his head left at the gate of our city.
Paranoia it might be, but it is justified.”
Antonil quieted.
Dieredon watched him, amazed just how young the man could still look in the moonlight.
He was a year beyond forty, yet he commanded the entire Neldaren army.
Publicly, he handled the weight wonderfully, but when prying eyes were gone, his all-too-human fear and doubt showed.
When the man spoke again, his voice trembled.
“I will not break my oaths.
His Majesty asked I enforce his edict, and so I shall.”
Dieredon nodded, the sparkle in his eyes fading.
“I had hoped otherwise, but follow your oaths and your heart as you must.”
The elf whistled.
From the night sky came the sound of soft wing beats.
Then a white, winged horse swooped down, landing in front of Dieredon.
“Come, Sonowin,” the elf said to his cherished companion.
“Let us leave this place while it is still in peace.”
The beautiful creature neighed in agreement.
Dieredon mounted Sonowin, needing no reins or saddle.
Antonil saluted the elf just before his mount leapt into flight.
“Stay safe, friend,” he said.
“You as well, friend.”
Before the elf took to the sky, however, he paused.
“Antonil…‌something more is at work here.
Be wary.
I will not take sides in this conflict, and neither shall the Quellan elves, but if I find who caused this war, I will kill him.
It is the least I can do.”
A great beat of white wings and then the elf was in the air.
Antonil watched him fly far south, watched until he was a tiny white dot among a blanket of stars.
Before he stopped watching, however, he saw more than fifty similar white dots line the horizon.
The guard captain smiled, somehow heartened by the sight.
“Let us hope for miracles,” he whispered to the night.
“And let us hope that at tomorrow’s end all my troops are still alive.”
He stared at the stars for a long while before joining his troops in slumber.
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq and Qurrah waited anxiously at their door.
They were fully armed and ready.
The half-orc’s sister swords were sharpened and gleaming.
Wrapped around his arm, Qurrah’s whip writhed hungrily.
Their eyes rarely blinked, but as hour after hour passed and no blanket of shadow came to them, their patience wore thin.
“The human army is right outside the town,” Harruq grumbled.
“We can’t wait until tomorrow night.”
“Patience, brother,” Qurrah said.
“Just…‌patience.”
Another hour, and still no shadow.
Harruq stepped back inside and plopped down.
The other half-orc remained at the door, his eyes not leaving the gray outside.
“He’s not sending for us,” Harruq said.
“You are correct,” said Velixar’s voice, startling both of them.
They turned to see their master emerge from the shadows of their home, his red eyes gleaming.
“How did you get in here?” the warrior asked.
“Listen to me,” Velixar said, ignoring the question.
“I have little time.
The elves have erected barricades near their homes.
Surely you have seen them.
Slip past their defenses and wait.
When the battle comes, slaughter the elves from behind.
You must weaken them enough so that Vaelor’s army has a chance at victory.”
“We will not fail,” Qurrah promised.
“Where will we meet you?”
“Listen for where the screams are at their worst,” Velixar said as his shadow began to fade.
“There shall I be.”
A pale hand reached inside his robes and pulled out five glass vials.
Qurrah knelt and accepted the gifts.
“The vials contain powerful healing elixirs.
If either of you are injured tomorrow, drink from them and resume the slaughter anew.”
“Thank you master,” Harruq said, accepting three from his brother before kneeling as well.
“We will await you in the chaos,” Qurrah said.
Then the man was gone, vanishing into the shadows of the room.
The two glanced at each other.
Harruq shrugged.
“That was easy.
Bed time?”
“Sleep if you must,” Qurrah said.
“I will join you in a bit.”
Harruq removed his armor, lay down on the bed of straw, and slept.
The necromancer stepped outside his home, walked to the side, and stared at the flickering lights in the distance.
Campfires and torches.
An army, the same that had removed him and his brother from their home, slept so close.
Every one of them contemplated their death.
Qurrah closed his eyes and inhaled the cold night air.
Yes, the tension was delectable.
The quiet moments before battle were a rare thing that so very few were lucky enough to experience.
Fear, worry, hope, prayer, regret, and sorrow all floated to the stars.
The half-orc let his attuned mind drink it all in.
Beautiful, he thought.
Absolutely beautiful.
!
[section break](break.png)
The next morning Harruq did not put on his armor or prepare his blades.
“I have to see Aurelia,” he told his brother, who nodded in understanding.
“I will wait for you,” Qurrah said.
“Return before the battle starts.”
“I will,” Harruq said.
Then he was gone, rushing down the streets of Woodhaven toward the calm forest that nestled about it.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Aurry, are you there?” he shouted.
He had hoped the elf would be waiting for him, but as he neared their usual clearing there was no sign of her.
His heart skipped, and he feared she had already gone off to prepare for battle.
“Aurelia, come on out now,” he shouted again.
His eyes searched the forest.
“I’m here,” Aurelia said.
Her voice was quiet, subdued.
Harruq turned and tried to smile.
“There you are.
Are you doing alright?”
The elf shrugged.
Her hands hugged her sides, her walnut eyes filled with worry.
“The elves are going to fight today, Harruq.
I’m sure you’ve heard why.”
“Are you going to join them?” he asked.
The elf nodded.
“They are my family.
This is my home.
I cannot abandon them.”
Harruq’s heart skipped, and the words of his brother echoed in his head.
He had to make her understand.
“Aurry, I’m asking you, please don’t fight.
You aren’t needed.
The elves will win, right?
Right?”
Aurelia shrugged.
“We’re outnumbered four to one.
We might win, but we’ll still suffer many deaths.
If I am needed, I will fight.”
“No,” Harruq said, running up and grabbing her arms.
“No, you must understand, you can’t fight.
You can’t!”
“Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.
“I can’t lose you, Aurelia.
Please don’t fight.
For me, will you not?”
It seemed all the forest paused, listening for the answer.
“Harruq, I love you.
But I also love my home.
I love my brethren.”
She stood on her toes and gave him a quick, soft kiss on his lips.
A tear ran down Harruq’s cheek as he stood in shock.
His mind relished the soft feel of her lips on his, the scent of flowers, and the subtle fire that had escaped onto his tongue.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, taking a hesitant step toward the trees.
“Sure thing,” Harruq said, rubbing the tear off his cheek and pretending it had not been there.
Aurelia smiled.
Tears were on her cheeks as well, but she left them alone.
“Bye-bye, Harruq.”
“Bye-bye, Aurelia.”
Then she was gone.
He stood there, not moving, his mind a chaos of fear, swords, Velixar, his brother, and that lingering kiss.
Then he screamed to the sky, one long, primal roar of hopeless confusion.
He stormed back to Qurrah, his chest a boiling pot of rage.
She had not listened.
He had begged, he had opened his heart, and she had not listened.
So fine then.
If he saw her, well then…‌then…
Even in his anger, he could not voice the words in his mind, but the feeling was there.
Death.
If he met her, there would be death, and that death would be preferable to the torment of pain he felt in his heart.
Qurrah did not have to ask what her answer was when he returned to their home.
“I am sorry,” was all he said before handing Harruq his weapons.
“Get ready.
When the fighting begins you will forget all about her.”
“Unless I see her,” he said.
Qurrah chose not to respond.
Suited and ready for battle, the Tun brothers left their home in Woodhaven for the last time.
* Chapter 14 Chapter 14{{{1 14
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
“The men are ready, milord,” Sergan said.
“Do we march?”
Antonil stared at the small town, seeing very little motion within.
No people wandered the streets.
No traveling merchants hawked their wares.
He sighed and turned to Sergan, his trusted advisor in war.
The man was old, scarred, and had dirty hair falling down to his shoulders.
He had seen many wars, and the axe against his shoulder had claimed more than a few lives.
“Yes, let us end this, one way or the other,” Antonil said.
“Order them to march.
I’ll lead us in.”
“Yes, milord.”
Sergan turned and started barking orders, all his calm and politeness vanishing.
The guard captain glanced at the edict from the king he carried in his hand.
A rash impulse filled him, an insane desire to tear the paper to shreds and return to his liege bearing a lie on his lips.
Under normal circumstances the king would know no difference.
His advisors, however, were many, and every one of them would betray Antonil for the chance to gain esteem in the eyes of the king.
No, he would have to deliver the message, regardless of his desires.
He sighed one final time, turned toward his army, and began the march.
!
[section break](break.png)
Where Celed and Singhelm met there was a small clearing.
No buildings or monuments marked it, just a single circle of grass upon which no house would ever be built.
On that spot, Singhelm the Strong and Ceredon Sinistel, leaders of Neldar’s troops and the Erzen elves, respectively, had made a pact that a city could exist between the two races without bloodshed.
Singhelm had long since passed away, while Ceredon remained, two hundred years older, as the leader of the elven elite Ekreissar.
It was in that clearing Antonil halted his army.
The men shuffled around nervously, their eyes searching for enemies that always seemed to be hiding beyond their vision.
The guard captain unrolled the edict, his gut sinking as he realized where he stood.
Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.
All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
Most kept themselves far from danger.
“Elves and men of the city of Woodhaven,” Antonil shouted.
“By order of the noble and sovereign King of Neldar, all elven kind has been banned from human lands.
The elves of Woodhaven have ignored this edict, ignored the laws of the great kingdom in which they live.
This will not be tolerated any longer.
All elves must leave the city, which being outside the forest of Erze, falls inside our borders.
Those who do not immediately leave will be forced out at the edge of a sword.
These are the words of our great King Vaelor, and may they be never forgotten.”
Antonil rolled up the scroll in silence.
Only coughs and the shifting sounds of uncomfortable armor filled the air.
Seconds passed, slow and crawling.
“If one may speak for the elves of the city, please let him come forth,” the guard captain shouted.
“I seek the answer of the elven kind.
I do not want blood spilled this day.”
A single elf approached.
He was dressed in a long green cloak, silvery armor, and he bore his bow openly.
Antonil could barely make out his features, since he was so far down the street.
The elf halted, drew an arrow, and fired it into the air.
It smacked the dirt an inch from Antonil’s foot.
Sergan shook his head and stared in wonder at his commander.
The man had not flinched.
“I shall take that as your answer,” Antonil shouted to the town.
“Woodhaven desires death.”
He drew his sword and spoke softly.
“So be it.”
Elves appeared in the windows of every building that lined the center.
Full quivers hung from their backs.
Sixty more elves joined their lone companion on the street and readied their bows.
The men in the center raised their shields, but they knew the deadly aim of a trained elf.
They were about to be massacred.
“Stand firm!” Antonil ordered, raising his own shield.
“Stand firm.
Do not break formation!” A shout came from the elven side, and then the hail began.
More than a hundred arrows rained down on the army, each deathly precise in its aim.
Not one hit flesh.
Antonil lowered his shield.
Something was wrong.
He did not hear the screams of pain, the thudding of arrows onto shields, and the angry cries that should have followed.
Instead, he heard a stunned silence.
As his shield lowered, his eyes took in a shocking sight.
A black wall encircled them, translucent at times, but flaring when an arrow struck it.
The projectiles snapped and broke as if hitting stone.
The guard captain looked around, seeing his entire army protected.
“Sergan!” he cried.
“Yes my lord?” the old man asked.
“Do we have any mages with us?” Antonil asked.
Sergan shook his head, flinching as an arrow aimed straight for his eye bounced away, its shaft broken.
The guard captain nodded, raised high his sword, and then turned to his army.
“Stay calm, and do not move from where you stand!” he shouted.
The men quieted and listened to their commander.
“I do not know what blessing we have received, but when it ends…”
His voice drifted off.
Movement behind his army caught his eye.
He shoved a few men aside, tore through the center of his army, and then emerged at the back.
Far down the street, his robe flowing in a nonexistent wind, walked a pale man dressed in black.
His low hood covered all but the chin of his face.
His gait was slow and steady.
He kept one hand outstretched, and from it flowed a black river that branched out to form the shield that had kept the men alive.
No arrows fired.
The battle was at a standstill, all because of this mysterious stranger who walked so calmly down the street.
“Men of Neldar!” this man screamed, sounding like a giant among mortal humans.
“Some of you are meant to die this day.
Rejoice, for your souls will leave this mortal coil in the glory of combat.
Raise high your swords, and slay the elves that seek your death.
Fight without pain, and slaughter without mercy.
I have given them fear, and the battle is yours for the taking!”
The shield shook, power flared throughout, and then it exploded outward.
The wooden shutters on the buildings shattered into splinters.
The sides of homes rocked as if hit by the winds of a hurricane.
Bows cracked and broke in the hands of their masters.
The few stray animals hit by the wave vomited their intestines and died.
The elves that endured it found their minds a chaos of horrors, inescapable terror clutching their hearts.
“ _Kill them all!_ ” the man in black screamed.
The men charged, driven by madness they had never felt before.
“Come, the battle is ours,” Sergan shouted, pulling against Antonil’s arm.
The guard captain resisted the urge, his eyes locked on their supposed savior.
“You are him,” Antonil whispered.
“The man Dieredon spoke of.”
“Come, Antonil Copernus,” the old veteran screamed, pulling harder.
“Your men need you!
The bloodshed has begun!”
Antonil’s gaze broke.
He ran to where the sixty elves that had lined the street engaged a large portion of his army.
They had discarded their bows and drawn swords, wielding them with a precision his men would be blessed to ever match.
They didn’t need to, for they had numbers, momentum, and morale.
When Antonil shoved to the front line, they also had leadership.
The sixty dwindled to forty before fleeing.
“Give chase,” Antonil shouted.
“Those in the back, flush them out of the houses.”
Velixar watched the Neldaren army scatter, some chasing elves down streets, others barging into locked homes.
Screams of pain and dying, although just few and random, filled the air.
He drank it in and smiled.
“Where are you my disciples?” he asked.
“Let me hear the screams of your victims so that I may find you.”
!
[section break](break.png)
Flying overhead, Dieredon watched the beginning of the battle with a sickness in his stomach.
The man in black had come.
He watched the arrows bounce off the magical shield, and then watched the human army charge and overwhelm the small elven force that had come to face them.
“I will keep my word, Antonil,” he said.
“Fly back to the others, Sonowin, we will battle this day.” The horse snorted, making Dieredon laugh.
“No, I am sure you won’t be hurt.” Sonowin banked, giving the elf one last view of the battle before soaring east to where the rest of the Quellan elves waited atop their magnificent pegasi.
His horse neighed a quick question, one Dieredon wished he could laugh at.
“Everyone can be killed,” he said, tying his hair behind his head.
“And no, I have no plans of breaking my ribs again.”
The horse made an interesting little noise, one Dieredon had long ago learned was laughter.
He smacked her rump, earning himself an angry neigh.
“Fly on.
You don’t want to miss the fun, do you?”
A snort was his answer, but the creature did fly faster toward the rest of its kin.
!
[section break](break.png)
“When should we attack?” Harruq asked.
His twin swords itched in his hands.
Qurrah, sitting next to him in a little back alley next to Ahrqur’s old home, laughed.
“So eager to kill, brother?
I was beginning to think you had grown soft.”
The bigger half-orc smashed his swords together, focusing on the pain the shower of sparks caused his hands.
“I’m still who I’ve always been,” he said.
“You’ll see.”
Qurrah’s smile faded at the ferocity in his brother’s words.
He glanced down, his mind spinning and reeling.
“Tell me if you love her,” Qurrah suddenly ordered.
Harruq glanced at him, his eyes burning fire.
“Why now, why do you have to ask?”
“Answer me, brother.
Now.”
“No.
I don’t love her.
Is that what you want to hear?”
The other half-orc tightened the grip on his whip.
“Forget what I want.
If you do not love her, then kill her.
Now get your head beyond her and focus on the task at hand.
I want you fighting for a reason, not just to forget.
Do you understand me?”
“Yeah, I do,” Harruq said.
“So when do we know when to start?”
_Kill them all!_
Both shot to their feet as Velixar’s bellowing command rolled over the town.
“Which way do we go?” Harruq asked.
“Follow me,” Qurrah said.
The two rushed past the elaborate elven homes toward the sound of combat.
They kept to the back alleys, and because of this, they met their first target: three elves fleeing toward them, hoping to use the lesser-known pathways to avoid the overwhelming numbers of their opponent.
“Bring them down,” the necromancer said.
“With pleasure,” Harruq said.
He raised his blades and charged.
The closest elf realized the half-orc was an enemy and cried warning before rushing ahead, his longsword ready.
“Come on, pansy-boy,” the half-orc warrior roared.
The two collided in a brutal exchange of steel.
The elf shoved his sword upward, using his forward momentum to slam the point straight at Harruq’s throat.
Harruq swung Condemnation left, deflecting the incoming thrust.
His other blade stabbed, tearing away the soft flesh beneath his attacker’s ribcage.
The elf leapt back, landed shakily, and then lunged once more.
His speed was not what it should have been, though, and Harruq needed little opening.
He swung both swords, the entirety of his might behind them.
The elf blocked.
His sword was elven-make and had been wielded in his hands for two hundred years.
Never would he have guessed Harruq’s were older by three centuries.
Never would he have guessed that those two blades would shatter his own, pass through the explosion of steel, sever his spine, and cleave his body in two.
The half-orc continued his charge, engaging the two elves behind.
They struck as one, their swords aiming for vitals high and low.
Harruq knew he could not block both, so he accepted a thrust curving to the side of his armor, grinning darkly.
As the sword punched through the enchanted leather, the half-orc cut his adversary’s throat, using that same swing to parry the other attack away.
The remaining elf swore as his eyes grew red and watery.
He backed away from the half-orc, his sword held defensively before him.
“What demon magic is this?” he asked.
“Mine,” said Qurrah.
And then blood poured out from the face of the lone elf.
The eyeballs hit the ground before the dead body did.
“Hurry,” the necromancer said.
“This is but a taste of what we must do.”
“Very well,” Harruq said.
He tried to follow but the pain in his side stopped him.
He clutched his bleeding side and breathed deeply.
His armor had saved him, but the elf had managed to penetrate deeper than he thought.
“Are you fine, Harruq?” Qurrah asked, glancing back and halting his walk.
“I’m coming,” he said, marching after his brother.
He hid his pain well.
The alley opened up to the main street, running south from the center of town into the forest beyond.
It was there that the bulk of combat had spread.
Elves battled in the street, horribly outnumbered.
They were skilled, though, and a steady stream of arrows from homes continued to weaken the human forces.
“Halt here,” Qurrah said.
To their right was a two-story elven home.
Three bowmen fired from the windows at a party of fifteen soldiers.
The men of Neldar had their shields raised high, but the synergy between the elves in the home and the elves on the street was superb.
The Tun brothers watched the sword wielders on the ground dance in, make a few precise swings to change the positioning of the shields, and then dart away.
Arrows quickly followed these maneuvers, biting into exposed flesh.
Qurrah motioned to the building housing the archers.
“Go inside.
I will distract them.”
“You sure?”
“Yes, now go!”
Harruq kicked open the barricaded door and then barged up the stairs.
Qurrah withdrew a few pieces of bone from a pouch.
He tightened his grip about them, whispering a few words of magic as he did.
Then he looked to the window.
He could barely see a bow and part of a hand.
Qurrah waited.
The Neldaren warriors charged, hoping to overwhelm their opponents before arrows took them all.
The elf in the window leaned out to unleash a killing strike, but it was Qurrah who did the killing.
Four pieces of bone leapt from his hand.
They hit the elf’s neck and temple, making a satisfying crack.
The archer spilled through the window and landed with a clattering thud.
“The rest are yours, brother,” he whispered.
!
[section break](break.png)
Inside felt like a modest rendition of Ahrqur’s home.
Stairs in the center led to the upper floor.
Harruq charged up them, making no attempt at silence.
Either they would hear him through the chaos of battle or they would not.
It turned out they did.
An arrow flew across the room and pierced his shoulder when he reached the second floor.
He bellowed, letting the pain spark his rage.
One archer continued to fire out the window, believing his companion capable of finishing a single warrior.
He believed wrong.
The elf fired only one more shot before Harruq crossed the room.
The arrow lodged into Harruq’s side, and then Salvation tore through his bow and into flesh.
A kick sent the remains tumbling out the window.
The other archer pulled back and fired at point blank range.
Harruq roared as he felt a sharp pain bite into his neck.
His mind blanked.
He dropped his swords.
His hands closed about something soft.
By the time his rage calmed, blood was on his hands and the remains of an elf lay in the dirt below the window.
“Stupid elfie,” he said, gingerly touching the arrow in his neck.
Not knowing what else to do, he closed his hand about the shaft and pulled.
A minute later, still lying in agonizing pain, the half-orc managed to pry open one of his healing potions.
He gulped the swirling blue-silver contents and then tossed the vial.
Ripping the other arrow out of his side, he felt a warm, soothing sensation fill his body.
“Are you alright?” he heard a raspy voice ask from atop the stairs.
“Yeah, I’m fine.
Just had to take care of something here.”
He trudged down the stairs to where Qurrah waited.
“How many did you kill?” the necromancer asked.
“Just two,” he replied.
His skeptical brother raised an eyebrow.
“That is a lot of blood for just two.”
Harruq ignored him.
“Where to?” he asked instead.
Qurrah glanced outside the door.
“The battle is moving on.
Follow me.”
“Lead on,” he said, trudging after his brother into the daylight chaos.
!
[section break](break.png)
Out the window Aurelia stared, frowning as she watched the battle unfold.
“Aurelia,” called a voice from behind.
She turned to see a female elf, a friend of hers from many years before she moved to Woodhaven.
“Yes, Felewen?”
Felewen stood beside her and faced the window.
Her hair was tied in a long, black ponytail, her slender figure covered by rare chainmail crafted of the hardest metals known to the intelligent races.
She had come from deep within Nellassar, the thriving capital of the Dezren elves, as just one of many that had arrived to protect the town.
“Many are dying,” Felewen said.
“The humans have a spellcaster of their own who repelled our ambush.”
Aurelia nodded.
She knew something had gone wrong; otherwise, the battle would have been over in seconds.
“Very well,” Aurelia said.
“Will you accompany me?”
Felewen smiled at her.
She drew her longsword and saluted.
“But of course, Lady Thyne,” she said with none-too-subtle sarcasm.
Aurelia tried to return a smile.
She failed.
“Come.
Let’s end this now.”
The two left the building and joined the fighting on the streets.
It did not take long before a group of soldiers spotted them.
“Show them no mercy, Aurelia,” Felewen said, her warm voice turning cold.
“They will die with little suffering,” the sorceress responded.
“It’s the most I can give.”
Electricity arced between her hands.
Blue fire surrounded her eyes.
The five human soldiers raised their shields and charged as a single unit.
Felewen stood next to Aurelia, her sword high and her armor gleaming.
She kept the blade out and pointed at the center soldier.
When the bolt of lightning came shrieking out from Aurelia’s hands, that same soldier found himself lifted from the ground, his hands flailing, his useless sword and shield falling.
The blue electricity entered through a second soldier’s body through his right eye.
He died instantly.
Then the remaining three were upon the elves, and it was Felewen’s turn to kill.
The first soldier to swing at her found his sword cut from his body, his hand still clutching it as it flew through the air.
He cowered back, pulling his bleeding arm behind his shield.
Another leapt forward to defend him.
A longsword punched through his throat before he even saw her swing.
Shock and panic took over, and then the wounded soldier turned to flee.
The final human soldier smashed his shield forward, preventing Felewen from chasing.
The slender fighter flipped backward, clutching her sword in both hands.
She landed softly behind the sorceress.
“Take him,” she said.
A bolt of lightning hit his shield, numbing his arm and knocking him back.
The shield slumped low, but he charged anyway, fully willing to die fighting.
“For Neldar,” he cried, thrusting at Aurelia’s chest.
Felewen was there first.
All it took was three cuts.
The first took the man’s sword from his hand.
The second took his arm from his body.
The third took his life.
A final bolt of lightning shot down the street, killing the wounded soldier who had fled.
Felewen wiped the blood from her blade and sheathed it.
She used the same cloth to clean the blood from her face.
“Come,” she said.
“We must go north where we are needed most.”
The two ran through the town, listening for sounds of battle.
The worst seemed to be about the middle of Celed and steadily working its way south.
They encountered a few soldiers as they hurried there.
All died before they had the chance to swing their blades.
“At last!” Felewen cried, staring out from a side alley.
They were behind a group of ten soldiers battling a pair of elven warriors who stood back to back.
“Make haste, they need us!”
Felewen charged, desperate to arrive before her brethren were overwhelmed.
Aurelia stepped into the street and summoned her magic.
Frost surrounded her hands, and a thin sheet of ice spread beneath the human soldiers.
Many of them stumbled, unable to balance the sword and shield in their hands and the heavy chainmail on their bodies.
Felewen slid on one leg, her sword out and ready.
She passed right between two men, slicing out heels and tendons as she flew by.
The elf reached the end of the ice, turned, and went sliding back.
The two she had cut were on the ground, unable to stand after such precise hits.
As she reached them, she stabbed one of their legs to halt her momentum, yanked her sword free, and then rolled around to stab the other in the throat.
Another roll back, and she delivered the first soldier the same fate.
The elves they saved wasted no time recovering.
They both pressed forward, unafraid of fighting on the ice.
Their light armor made balancing an easy task while their human counterparts were doing all they could to swing and stand at the same time.
Two men fell to each of their blades, bringing the total down to four.
As Felewen lay upon the ice, a soldier stabbed down at her.
She spun on her rear, her sword out in an arc.
After knocking him off his feet, Felewen snapped her legs high above her, spinning her body off the ground.
She landed on her stomach, her sword skewering the guard’s innards.
She pulled herself to her feet with the hilt of her sword, twisted the blade, and then finished him.
The remaining soldiers turned to flee, but there was one slight problem.
An enormous ball of fire erupted at their feet, engulfing all three in flame.
Two died from the horrible burns.
A third slumped and whimpered in pain.
Aurelia walked over to him and knelt on one knee.
She placed a hand on his head and looked over his wounds while he glared up at her.
“Your wounds are beyond saving,” she said softly.
“I’m sorry.”
She ended his pain with a small lance of ice through his forehead.
“Thank you for your aid,” one of the elves said.
“We must fall back to the forest.
If they chase us there, it will be suicide.”
“We will not have to fall back so far,” Felewen disagreed.
“They have scattered about our town.
Their numbers mean nothing now.
Besides,” she grinned, “we have Aurelia Thyne.”
Both bowed politely.
“Never could we have used a mage’s power more than now,” one said.
Aurelia blushed and waved him off.
“Please we must…”
A cold chill spread through her body, like water from an underground stream meeting a creek.
She whirled and stared down the street.
Walking without escort was a lone man shrouded in black robes.
The cowl of his cloak hid much of his face.
“Come, brother,” one of the elves said.
“It is the one who protected them from our arrows.”
The other nodded, took up his sword, and charged.
His brother was not far behind.
Felewen joined them, for she too had watched as the black shield had knocked aside their arrows and then shattered their bows.
Aurelia did not move.
Her eyes were frozen on this strange man.
Power rolled off him.
He was strong, and even more so, he was terrifying.
She had no doubt of this man’s identity; he was the nameless necromancer, one of the few who could best Scoutmaster Dieredon in combat.
“Stop, you cannot defeat him,” she shouted.
None listened.
“Felewen, please!”
Felewen glanced back to her, and that small pause saved her life.
The man in black had made no threatening move as the other two charged.
They were almost upon him when he cast aside his hood to reveal his ever-changing face, his deep red eyes, and his horrible smile.
His hands lunged forward, the floodgates opened, and all his power came rushing forth.
A wall of black magic rolled like a tidal wave conjured from his fingertips.
The elven brothers tumbled through and vanished.
Felewen leapt back when she saw the attack coming.
She rolled behind a house and tucked her head.
The wave continued down the street, straight for Aurelia.
“I do not fear you,” she hissed through clenched teeth.
A wall of water swirled about her, flowing from the otherwise dry dirt street.
She sent it forward, just as tall and high as Velixar’s.
The two met in a thunderous roar, intermixing in a maelstrom of darkness, water, and air.
Then they both dissolved, their magic spent.
Aurelia held back tears.
Velixar’s magic had peeled the flesh from the elves’ bodies.
Blood leaked through muscle and tendon, and their innards spilled from their abdomens.
She hoped they died instantly, but she knew better.
They had suffered tremendously.
“You monster,” she shouted.
“What meaning does this battle hold to you?”
“Everything,” Velixar shouted, hurling a flaming ball of fire from each hand.
“I desire panic and bloodshed all across the east!”
Aurelia summoned a magical shield about her body.
The fireballs thudded three feet from her body and detonated.
The two nearest buildings crumpled, their walls and roofs blown back by the power.
The elf winced, nearly knocked to her knees by the force.
“What madness gives you such a desire?” she asked, sending forth the strongest spells she knew.
Several lances of ice flew down the street, followed by a ball of magma.
The ball rolled behind the lances, covering the ground in flame.
Velixar laughed.
A wave of his hand created a similar shield as Aurelia’s, but instead of keeping it close to his body, he shoved it forward.
The lances shattered into shards when slammed against it.
The ball of magma halted when touching the barrier and then reversed direction.
The elf glared, detonating the attack with a thought.
Molten rock covered the street, splattering across both Velixar’s and Aurelia’s shields before sliding to the dirt.
“How long can you keep this up?” the necromancer asked.
He took out a bag of bones and scattered more than thirty pieces.
“How long before you break?”
One by one, the bone pieces shot straight at Aurelia.
The elf dropped to one knee, words of magic streaming out her mouth as fast as she could speak them.
Her magical shield could halt attacks of pure magical essence, such as the conjured fire, but animated objects were a different matter.
The magic projecting them would die at her shield but the pieces would retain their momentum.
The dirt before her rumbled, cracked, and then ascended in a great physical wall.
On the other side, pieces of bone thumped against it, one after another.
“Cute,” Velixar said, “but pointless.”
An invisible blast of pure force shattered the wall.
Aurelia crossed her arms before her face as chunks of earth slammed into her slender form.
She rolled with the blows, her mouth casting before she halted.
Ice spread from house to house, walling Velixar off on the other side.
“From dirt to ice?” Velixar asked.
“The end is just the same!”
The center of the wall exploded inward, but this time Aurelia was prepared.
A rolling thunder of sound shoved all the broken shards forward, sending even the remaining chunks of the wall down the street in a chaotic assault.
Velixar grinned.
Clever girl.
The wave of sound and ice slammed his body.
He flew backward, ice tearing his skin, but no blood came forth from those wounds.
The larger pieces smashed his body from side to side, which turned limply with each blow.
When the wave passed, Aurelia leaned on one knee, gasping for air as she stared at the man in black, now a crumpled mess of robes in the center of the street.
The body suddenly convulsed, the chest heaving in quick, jerky spasms.
When the sound reached her, Aurelia knew her doom.
Velixar was laughing.
He stood, brushed off pieces of ice clinging to his robes, and then glared at her from afar.
“Not good enough,” he said.
Wild anger contorted his face.
Black lightning thicker than a man’s arm tore down the street.
Aurelia gasped as all her power flowed into her shield.
The collision sent her flying, her magical barrier shattered into nothingness.
The lightning continued, swirling about her body.
Every nerve in her body shrieked with pain.
She landed hard, unable to brace for the fall.
The air blasted out of her lungs, and for one agonizing second they refused to draw in another breath.
Slowly the black magic seeped out of her, the pain faded, and then she sucked the dusty air into her lungs.
“You are a powerful sorceress,” Velixar said, his anger gone as quickly as it had arrived.
“But I have fought the founders of the Council of Mages.
I have killed men who thought themselves gods.
I have died but once, to Ashhur himself.
There is no shame in your defeat.”
Aurelia struggled to her feet.
The well of magic inside her was dry.
In time, her strength would return, but she doubted the necromancer would give her a day to rest.
She used a bit of the magic she did have left to summon her staff.
If she were to die, she would die fighting any way she knew how.
The man in black paused, extended his hands, and began to cast.
He would give her no chance to strike.
A blade stabbed his side.
Velixar whirled, his speed far beyond any mortal.
He stepped past Felewen’s slash and slammed a hand against her chest.
Dark magic poured in.
Her arms and legs arched backward, her sword fell from her hand, and her mouth opened in a single, aching shriek.
Bits of darkness flared from her mouth, her eyes, and her nostrils.
Done, Velixar shoved her smoking body back into the alley and left her to die.
When he turned, he snarled.
Aurelia was gone.
“You have delayed me my kill,” he said to Felewen’s body.
“Pray you are dead before I return.”
He placed his hood back over his head, pulled it down to cover his features, and then began his search for the sorceress.
* Chapter 15 Chapter 15{{{1 15
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
One after another the deft strokes came in, and one after another Antonil batted them away using the methodical style that had helped him rise to his place at the top of the Neldaren army.
His opponent, a young elf whose swordplay was raw compared to most of his brethren, tried to give him no reprieve.
The guard captain didn’t falter in the slightest.
“You sacrifice planning and thought for sheer speed and reflexes,” he said, his breathing steady and practiced.
He assumed the elf spoke the human tongue, and the sudden killing lunge proved him correct.
Antonil pulled his head back, the point stopping just shy of drawing blood.
An upward cut took the blade from the elf’s hand.
Antonil’s sword looped around, thrust forward, and buried deep inside flesh.
The elf fell, gasping for air from the fatal wound.
Blood pooled below him.
Antonil pulled his sword free and saluted him with the blade.
“Well fought,” he said.
An arrow clanged against his sword and ricocheted off.
“A warning for your honor,” said a camouflaged elf as he stepped out from behind a door.
A second arrow followed the first, thudding against Antonil’s shield.
“A second out of respect.” He drew a third.
The guard captain charged, his shield leading.
While his upper body was covered, nothing stopped the arrow from flying underneath and piercing through the metal greaves protecting his shins.
Antonil stumbled, pain flaring up his right leg.
He forced himself to continue running.
If he could close the gap, the bow would prove no match for his longsword.
Another arrow struck an inch from his left foot.
His leg was aflame, yet he continued to charge, pulling back his shield so his sword could lash out.
But the elf was not close enough, and he was more skilled with a bow than in just firing arrows.
He snapped the wood up, cracking Antonil across the bottom of his hand, which held firm to his blade.
Undaunted, the elf stepped closer, ducked underneath the guard captain’s return swing, and then kicked at the arrow still lodged in his shin, finally making Antonil drop his blade.
The elf stood, drawing an arrow as he did.
Antonil, now lying on the ground, struggled to bring his shield over his chest.
Part of it caught beneath his side and would not come.
He would not be able to block in time.
A loud wooden crash stole away the elf’s focus.
The door to the home behind him exploded into splinters as a huge projectile shot through it.
The elf spun, his eyes widening as he saw what had shattered the door: a massacred elven body.
He readied his bow and released an arrow at the next sign of movement.
Unfortunately, it was another elven body, curiously missing its left arm and leg.
An enormous half-orc in black armor followed, soaked in blood and roaring in mindless fury.
He spotted Antonil’s attacker, screamed an incomprehensible challenge, and then charged.
The elf fired another arrow but was horrified to see it sail high.
Behind him, Antonil delivered another kick, this time aiming for the elf’s knee instead of his bow.
The elf had to dodge the kick, and that dodge was all it took.
The half-orc swung his glowing black blades, cutting his bow, and his body, in twain.
As the blood poured free, he roared, looked about, and then ran off toward the sound of combat.
A frail form in rags followed from inside the house, a mirror image in looks but for the paler skin and lack of muscle.
“You saw nothing,” this second half-orc said to him before following the warrior.
Antonil struggled to his feet, shaking his head all the while.
“It keeps getting stranger,” he muttered.
He took a step and immediately regretted it.
As his leg throbbed, he yanked the arrow out.
His armor had kept it from penetrating too deeply, the barbs unable to latch onto any soft flesh.
Of course it still hurt like the abyss, but he could deal with that.
What he could not deal with, however, was how few in number his soldiers had become.
More than four of his own men lay dead around him, joined by three dead elves, five if he counted the two the half-orc had thrown through the doorway.
A good ratio considering the skill of the elves, but not good enough.
Men he had trained were dying, and for what?
“I have honored your will, my lord,” he said.
“But it is time I honor my men.”
From his belt, he took a white horn bearing the symbol of Neldar.
He put this ancient horn to his lips and blew.
All throughout Woodhaven rumbled the signal to retreat.
He gave the signal two more times before clipping the horn back to his belt and hobbling north.
!
[section break](break.png)
Aurelia raced down the twisting back alleys of Celed.
The dreaded chill of Velixar was far behind her, but still she hesitated to slow.
Never before had she felt so vulnerable.
As she stopped to catch her breath, a loud horn call echoed throughout the town.
The elf sighed, clutching her staff to her chest as she slumped against the side of a house.
The battle was over…‌but would the man in black obey the call?
She thought not.
Suddenly a hand closed about her mouth.
The foul smell of sweat and dirt filled her nostrils.
An arm reached around, pinning her staff and hands against her chest.
“We may have to leave,” a voice growled into her ear, “but I’m not leaving without something to remember.”
Aurelia felt her stomach churn.
Her assailant turned her around and flung her back against the wall.
She glared at a pock-marked soldier bearing the crest of Neldar.
“You’re a pretty one,” he said, his smile missing several teeth.
He yanked at his belt while his other arm pressed against her chest and neck.
“And you’re an idiot,” she spat.
Much of her magic was gone, but not all.
Her hand brushed his, and a small shock of electricity crossed between them.
The soldier instinctively pulled his hand back, giving Aurelia the opening she needed.
She squirmed out from beneath, gripped her staff, and then whirled.
The wood cracked against the back of his skull, knocking him against the wall just as hard.
Blood splattered from his broken nose.
“You’ll pay for—”
The end of her staff dislodged two more of his teeth.
The soldier panicked and turned to run, but found his feet entangled.
Aurelia marched over, remembering how difficult it had been to strike Harruq and how strong a blow he could take without showing pain.
“Are you as strong as a half-orc?” she asked.
Her staff collided with his ribs.
He curled up at the blow, crying out in pain.
Guess not, she thought.
A shove put him on his back.
He pleaded to her, sputtering blood, but she ignored him.
“Some people should not reproduce,” she said.
Down came her staff, all her might behind it.
The end smashed his genitals, eliciting a cry of pain beyond anything her spells could do.
She continued to strike, punctuating every word with another blow.
“So, let, me, fix, that, for, you!”
She stopped when he passed out from the pain.
She turned his head to the side so he wouldn’t choke on his own blood, a strange gesture of kindness considering what was left of his manhood.
“Glad to give you something to remember the town by,” she said.
After a flirtatious flip of her hair, she started down the street.
Aurelia froze, her blood as cold as when she had sensed the man in black.
This time no magic could be blamed, and no sense of death.
No, it was just the sight of Harruq, dressed in black armor and wielding ancient blades dripping with blood.
Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.
“Oh, Harruq,” she whispered.
Then he saw her, and all time stopped.
!
[section break](break.png)
The two half-orcs heard the sounding of the horn but did not know its purpose.
So far from any human soldiers, they could only guess.
“Maybe they’re rallying at the horn,” Harruq ventured.
Qurrah shrugged, glancing down the vacant street in search of victims.
“Perhaps, or perhaps the elves are retreating, or even the humans.
Either way, our time is running short.
We must find our master.
So far no resident of Woodhaven has seen us and lived, but I do not wish to press such luck.”
“Looks like we have no choice,” Harruq said, crossing his swords in an ‘X’ before his chest.
Far down the street, where the road hooked left like the back leg of a dog, an elven archer approached, his bow ready.
Two arrows flew into the air.
Both half-orcs dodged as the arrows whistled past.
“Close the distance,” Qurrah said before beginning a spell.
Harruq charged, bellowing a mindless war cry.
The archer fired two more arrows and then bolted around the corner.
“He’s seen us!” Harruq shouted, easily veering about the arrows as he increased speed.
“Wait, brother, it might be a trap!”
Qurrah doubled over hacking, his reward for trying to shout so loud.
Harruq halted, his head jerking back and forth as he debated what to do.
Qurrah glanced up, tried to speak, and then swore as the elf leaned around the corner and fired another arrow.
He did his best to dodge, but he was far less mobile than his brother.
The arrow pierced between his left shoulder and collarbone, burying the barbed tip deep in his flesh.
The half-orc let out a stunned gasp.
He staggered right, clutching his shoulder as he slumped against the front of a home.
“Qurrah!” Harruq shrieked, racing to his brother.
Qurrah shoved away his clumsy attempts to examine the wound.
“Kill him for me,” the necromancer gasped.
“Go!
He cannot live!”
“But you’re bleeding real bad and…”
“I have the healing potions, now go!”
Harruq’s gut screamed against the idea, but in the end, he listened to his brother.
He drew his swords and gave chase.
Qurrah waited until Harruq was around the corner before taking out one of his small glass vials.
Before he could pull the cork off the top, he heard a voice speak.
“So many dead by your hands yet a single arrow nearly takes your life?”
The half-orc froze, the vial clutched in his hands.
An elf emerged from behind the building, his body decorated in a brilliant green cloak and silvery armor.
It was the same elf who had fired the first warning shot to Antonil before the entire battle had begun.
“I am but a poor outcast,” Qurrah said, hiding the handle of the whip underneath the palm of his hand.
The coiled leather vibrated, hungering for blood.
“Do not lie to me.
I have watched you two slaughter my brethren.
I have seen much of your handiwork.” The elf glared at him, ugly hatred skewing his handsome features.
“By now your brother is dead.
Three of my best warriors await him around that corner.
I thought it appropriate you knew this before I took your life.”
“Do not talk to me of what is appropriate,” Qurrah said.
“Kill me, if you will, but do not bore me with your chatter.
I have suffered beyond anything you can do to me.”
A firestorm of anger overwhelmed the elf’s features.
He stepped back and drew an arrow.
Qurrah lashed his whip, but his speed was not enough.
An arrow tore right through his hand.
The whip fell, the fire vanishing the second it left contact with Qurrah’s skin.
A second arrow followed.
The half-orc rocked backward, his brown eyes wide in shock, as the tip pierced deep into his throat.
The healing potion fell from his hands and broke against a rock.
He slid back, resting against a home as he gasped for breath.
The elf grabbed the shaft of the arrow, and that sick anger filled his face.
“How many of my kin died to your hand?” he asked.
A twist of his hand sent spasms of pain all throughout Qurrah’s body.
He coughed violently, and blood ran down his lips and neck.
“Don’t feel like answering?” the elf mocked.
“Why did you kill them?
For money?
Power?
How many died to better your miserable excuse of a life?”
Another twist.
Qurrah leaned forward, clutching at his tormenter’s shaking hands.
Words spilled from the half-orc’s mouth, garbled and nearly unintelligible.
“What is it you wish to say to me?” the elf asked, ignoring the flailing hands that pawed at his face.
“ _Hemorrhage,_ ” the half-orc hissed.
The elf’s face exploded.
Qurrah fell over onto his side, breathing as slowly as he could through the blood that filled his throat.
The dead body of the elf crumpled in front of him, all of his hate-filled features gone from his face except for a single eye.
The half-orc stared, wondering if his brother was truly dead.
Darkness crept at the corner of his sight.
His strength was fading fast, and he had little doubt that if he passed out he would never wake.
He struggled to lift a single numb hand, then flopped it down on top of the dead elf’s leg.
Qurrah took as deep a breath as he dared and then spoke the words of a spell.
Each syllable was slow torture, garbled in blood and born of pain most horrid.
Thankfully, the spell was not complicated, and the words were few.
He finished the spell mere seconds before his mind succumbed to the sleep that crawled at his eyes.
Even though he was dead, life energy still swirled inside the elf’s body.
Normally this energy would be consumed by the earth in burial, but Qurrah had other plans.
His spell took in this life energy through his hand, filling his body with it, healing his wounds and clearing his mind.
The darkness fighting for control in his head subsided, a shred of strength returning to his limbs.
There was still the slight problem of the arrow lodged in his throat.
Qurrah had a solution but it was far from pleasant.
Most likely he would die, but he had to try.
He heard no screams coming from around the corner, but he knew that meant nothing.
He had to believe his brother was still alive.
He had to help him.
Qurrah took out his last healing potion, popped the cork, and then held it before him.
Blood was beginning to fill his throat once more.
His stolen energy was quickly fading.
He had no time to waste.
He tilted his head as high as the arrow in his neck allowed, positioned the mouth of the vial against his lower lip, and then closed his hand around the arrow shaft.
One last hissing breath.
One tremble of his fingers.
He yanked the arrow out.
Sheer reflex kept him alive.
His head shot backward and his arm went limp.
The potion tilted enough so that half spilled down his throat.
With the pain so unbearable, he dared not cough against the liquid that came burning down.
Some of it went into his lungs, but he kept them still.
Qurrah reclined, closed his eyes, and let the potion do its work.
He could feel the magic flowing through his body, concentrating about his ruined throat.
Part of him hoped the liquid would heal the damage done so many years ago, but he knew better.
A scar that old was beyond repair.
He would have to settle for surviving.
That was just fine with him.
When he finally dared a loud, gasping breath of air, the pain was not so bad.
Qurrah stood, picked up his whip, and then went to help his brother.
He expected to see his body dead in the street, for why else had he still not returned?
He held hope that Harruq still fought against his enemies, or that more had come beyond the three the elf had claimed.
What he was not prepared for was the sight of Harruq hunched over the dying body of Aurelia Thyne.
“Harruq,” he tried to call out.
The flesh in the back of his throat tore.
Blood poured down his throat, slick and hot.
Qurrah cursed.
Such a wound would kill him if he did not seek help.
He needed to steal more life, and for that, he needed another body.
He glanced behind.
The dead elf was dry, but far down the street were two more he and his brother had killed.
He glanced once more to Harruq.
Three elves lay dead about him.
He could use them, knew he should use them, but something turned him away.
It was the look on his brother’s face.
He could not bear to see it.
Qurrah hobbled to where two bodies full of life energy awaited his coming.
!
[section break](break.png)
Harruq barreled around the curve, determined to catch the foul elf that had dared injure his brother.
As he turned the corner, the twang of bowstrings filled the air.
Three arrows hit his chest, barely puncturing his armor.
He bellowed, furious.
All three elves were in the center of the street, away from cover or protection.
They would die, all of them.
The archers fired another volley as if not surprised the first three had done little but anger him.
One zipped by his head as he ran, two others thudding into his chest and arm.
Blood soaked the inside of his armor, but the wounds were superficial, halted by the magical leather before penetrating deep enough to be a bother.
“For the head,” the closest elf shouted in his native tongue.
He managed one last shot before Harruq closed the distance.
The half-orc batted the arrow away without thinking.
“You bastard!” he shouted, slamming into the elf without pausing.
He buried his swords deep into the elf’s chest as he plowed forward.
“You hurt my brother!
You spineless cowards!” The other two abandoned their bows and drew their blades.
“Your brother is dead,” one elf said.
“Gaelwren waited for your departure.
He will not find it difficult killing a wounded dog.”
The anger inside Harruq consumed him entirely.
He charged the elf, abandoning any hint of precaution.
He slammed his blades down with all his might.
The elf blocked once, twice, then three times, wincing each time he did.
Then the other elf was behind Harruq, stabbing at his back.
While mad with rage, Harruq still knew very well where his opponents were.
He spun, avoiding the thrust, and then trapped his assailant’s arm with his elbow.
A flex of his muscles cracked bone, and the sword fell from a limp hand.
Harruq let him go, bellowed at the first elf, and then hurled both his blades.
They turned end over end through the air, one missing, one not.
The one that missed sailed until it hit ground and bounced.
The hilt of the one that did not smacked him hard in the forehead.
The elf staggered back, swiping at Harruq as the half-orc charged.
A thin line of blood appeared on the half-orc’s forehead, but he was oblivious to it.
His hands were around his enemy’s throat and his strength at its greatest.
The crunching flesh underneath his fingers was all that mattered.
The elf behind him retrieved his sword and attacked, his right arm hanging useless, his left stabbing desperately.
Harruq flung the dying body around by the neck.
The sword buried up to the hilt in the makeshift shield.
Harruq dropped the dead elf and lashed out.
His backhand broke the elf’s jaw.
Reeling, the elf staggered back, only able to raise his meager arm above his head.
Harruq smashed an elbow into his chest, followed by knuckled fists atop his skull.
“Stay down,” Harruq said.
He retrieved Salvation and Condemnation from the dirt, and then stomped over to the beaten, bloody elf warrior.
“Mercy, I am beaten,” the elf gasped as Harruq lifted his head by the hair.
“No such thing,” he said.
Salvation tore out his throat.
Condemnation hacked off his head.
He sheathed his blades, breathed in deeply, and then let it all out in an ecstatic, primal cry.
As the last of it left his lips, he saw an elf’s shocked walnut eyes from a nearby alley.
His gut lurched.
The fire in his veins sputtered.
“Why so surprised?” he asked Aurelia, shame draining the thrill of his kill.
“How could you?” she asked him.
“What harm have we done to you?”
Harruq shrugged.
“You think you know me, but you don’t.
I kill, Aurry.
It’s what I do.
It’s what I do best.” He drew out his swords, still dripping with blood.
“Perhaps you didn’t believe it, but this is me.”
“Don’t do this,” Aurelia said softly.
“It doesn’t have to be this way.
Please, Harruq.
I don’t want to fight you.”
“I didn’t want you to fight either,” Harruq said, his eyes leaving hers for an instant.
He took a step toward her and raised his swords, just as when they sparred.
“Stop this,” Aurelia said.
Her staff remained at her side.
“Will you kill me, too?”
“I asked you not to fight, but here you are.
Qurrah made it simple, Aurry.
Either I love you or I kill you.”
Sparks rained down as he clanged his swords together.
“Is that how you feel?” she asked.
The tears in her eyes ran down her cheeks, not to be replaced by any more.
“So be it.” She took up her staff and held it defensively.
“You are a fool, Harruq.
May you die as one.”
Harruq charged, his black blades gleaming.
Every nagging doubt, every tiny part screaming for him to sheath his blades, he channeled into his mindless rage.
His swords hacked chunks out of the staff, which held together only by Aurelia’s powerful enchantments.
She blocked several attack routines but one finally slipped past.
Her dodge too slow, a black blade cut across her cheek.
She paused, rubbing her cheek as Harruq smirked.
Blood.
It was as she feared.
Harruq’s weapons were enchanted.
“Your spells won’t save you,” he shouted.
“No elf will save you.
No one!”
“Why this hatred?” she asked, smacking away a dual thrust.
“When have I shown you anything but kindness?”
Harruq gave her no answer.
Instead, he stabbed with Salvation, a higher thrust of Condemnation trailing behind it.
Aurelia turned her staff horizontal and pushed upward.
Both swords stabbed high above her head.
A quick turn and one end of her staff rammed the half-orc in the gut.
The blow knocked the wind out of Harruq.
“For what reason do we fight?” she asked.
“For what reason do you harbor this hatred?”
He glared.
“I told you.
I’m fighting elves.
You’re one of them.
No simpler than that.”
“Liar.”
Harruq snarled, the elf inside him all but invisible.
He charged, recklessly hacking at Aurelia.
“Why do we fight?” she asked again, desperately trying to block every swing.
Blood covered her arms, and another swing cut through her dress, slicing into the beautiful flesh of her leg.
“Why, Harruq?
Why!”
“I don’t know!” he cried.
Strength surged into him, dark and unholy.
In the blink of an eye, he twirled both swords, knocked Aurelia’s staff from her hand, and then looped his right arm all the way around to bury Condemnation deep into her stomach.
Everything, all fighting, all arguing, all bleeding, living and dying halted at that moment.
For Harruq, there was only the sight of Aurelia doubled over, her eyes filled with sadness.
His arm yanked the blade out of her, without any thought on his part.
“Harruq?” she gasped.
She fell on her back, still clutching her bleeding abdomen.
That look of sadness tore through his rage.
What should have been the exhilaration of the kill was instead the cold, biting emotion of guilt.
His eyes lingered on the blood on his blade before something changed inside.
He looked back to the elf, and again the words of his brother echoed in his head.
Do you love her?
No, he’d said.
_Then kill her._
“Aurelia?” he asked, as if seeing her for the first time.
“I didn’t mean to, I, Aurry, please…”
He knelt down, his blades falling from his limp hands.
He pulled away Aurelia’s hand to see the blood, to see the wound.
“No,” he said.
He rocked backward, the color draining from his face.
“No, I didn’t mean to, I didn’t…‌I didn’t…”
Aurelia tried to say something, tried to comfort him, but no noise came from her throat.
She was dying.
“No!” Harruq shouted.
He pulled out one of his healing potions, yanked off the cork, and forced the contents down Aurelia’s throat.
The elf gagged, retching up half of it onto her neck and chest.
Harruq got out his last potion but could not open it for the shaking of his hands.
Desperate, he put it down, picked up one of his swords, and shattered the top of the vial.
He flung the potion back to Aurelia’s mouth, nearly shredding her lower lip on the broken glass.
More of the silvery-blue liquid poured down her throat.
Harruq sat there, clutching her hands in his and waiting.
The seconds crawled slower than the longest of years.
He didn’t care if anyone came and saw him, not even his brother.
His tears fell onto her bloodstained dress.
For far too long, she did not move.
His heart cried out in agony.
It was too late.
He had killed her.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered to her.
“Forgive me, please, if you can…”
“What are you babbling about?” the elf asked, her eyes cracking open.
Harruq tried to smile, but a sob came out instead.
He hugged her, his forehead pressed against hers.
“Help me up,” she said.
Harruq did as commanded.
When she was standing, he grabbed his blades and sheathed them.
She leaned all her weight against him, and such close contact only deepened his guilt and anger.
He knew she watched him, and he wiped away his tears as quickly and subtly as he could.
“Why, Harruq?” she asked him.
The half-orc shrugged.
“We…‌Qurrah…‌I don’t know.”
“No,” she said, leaning on her staff.
“Why did you save me?”
He kicked his toes into the dirt, unable to piece together the chaotic mess inside his head and heart.
All he could think of was what his brother had told him to do.
“Qurrah said to kill you if I didn’t love you…”
“Yet you didn’t,” she said.
Harruq nodded, but said nothing else.
“ _Hana fael!_ ” a voice cried from far down the alley.
Both turned to see an elf raise his bow and fire.
“Look out,” Aurelia said, shoving Harruq aside.
The arrow hit her breast and reflected off as if hitting stone.
She glanced at Harruq, her face a mixture of anger and fear.
“Others have seen you kill, haven’t they?” she asked.
Harruq could only shrug.
More shouts came as two other elves turned the corner.
Aurelia swore as she heard what they said.
“They call me traitor,” she said.
“I protected you, and now I am a traitor.”
The half-orc stepped before her, preparing his swords.
“They won’t touch you.”
“I know,” Aurelia said, summoning the last bit of magic inside her.
A tear in the fabric of reality ripped open, swirling with white and blue magic.
“Get in,” she yelled.
“What about Qurrah?” he shouted.
“Go inside, you dumb fool!”
She cracked her staff across his back.
Harruq stumbled into the portal and vanished.
Aurelia stepped in after, arrows landing all around her.
!
[section break](break.png)
Qurrah watched the blue portal close, leaving him alone and hunted in a town full of enemies.
“Brother, how could you?” he asked, dread clutching his throat.
Elves were running down the alley, yelling in their language.
Qurrah ducked back around, cursed his brother, and then darted to the nearest home.
The first one had locks, as did the second, but the third was unbarred.
He hid inside as the shouts of search parties went rushing past.
Qurrah climbed the stairs to the second floor, sat down beside a bed, and then in silence pondered his fate now that he was alone.
* Chapter 16 Chapter 16{{{1 16
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Far from town, a blue portal tore open above empty grass.
The big half-orc tumbled out, followed by a flustered Aurelia.
Upon her exit, the portal closed, swirling away as if it had never existed.
Harruq groaned, spitting out dirt that had made its way into his mouth.
“Where are we?” he asked.
“About two miles east of Woodhaven,” she told him.
Harruq glanced around, unable to see the town in the distance.
“So that’s how you always showed up behind me,” he said as he got to his feet.
“That magic…‌blue thingie?”
“That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
“And yes, that is how I did it.”
Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.
A thought hit him, harder than any whacks of Aurelia’s staff.
“Qurrah!” he gasped.
“You’ve got to send me back.”
“I can’t,” Aurelia said, her eyes fixed west.
“What do you mean you can’t?” He stormed over and grabbed her arms.
“Send me back, I’m telling you to!
Qurrah’s all alone, and they’ll kill him if I don’t help him!”
“I can’t, Harruq, I can’t!” she shouted, pulling back from his hands.
“I have no strength left to open another portal.
You, and he, will have to wait until I get some rest.”
“How long will that be?”
“Tomorrow morning,” she said.
He raged and sputtered but could think of nothing to say or do.
Finally, he started walking.
“Where are you going?” she asked him.
“To get my brother,” he said without turning around.
“They will kill you,” she shouted.
“They will see you and kill you.
You do your brother nothing by running off to die.”
“Then what am I supposed to do?” he screamed.
He whirled around, his helplessness showing on every feature of his face.
“Have faith in him,” she said.
She pulled a strand of hair from her face as the wind blew against her.
“I have given up everything for you, Harruq.
Don’t you see that?
My friends, my family, my home; they are all gone from me.
Because of you.
Don’t make it all for nothing.”
Harruq’s anger and frustration simmered and swirled in a dying fire.
He could not argue with her, not about that.
Even he could see what she had sacrificed to save his life.
“Where do we go?” he asked, his voice revealing his defeat.
“We’ll figure it out in the morning.
For now, we travel north.
Your brother will be fine, I promise.”
He nodded but said nothing.
The two traveled in between the hills, exhausted but unwilling to stop their movement.
“Why did you fight the elves?” she asked when their silence had stretched for more than half an hour.
“It’ll be a long story,” he said.
“We have time.”
He chuckled.
“Aye, I guess we do.”
He told her of Velixar and his plans.
He told her of the strength, weapons, and armor granted to him.
Hesitantly, he recounted killing Ahrqur and the people of Cornrows, a fresh wave of shame filling him as he thought of both.
“What part did Ahrqur play in this?” Aurelia asked.
“Was he enlisted by Velixar?”
Harruq shook his head.
“Me and Qurrah killed him, then Velixar brought him back and sent him off to the king.
It was very much unwilling on his part.
That guy was me and Qurrah’s dad, you know that?
We killed our own dad, and never even knew it while we did.”
She frowned, and deep lines of exhaustion marred her beauty.
“Tonight we need to have a serious talk,” she said.
“For now, I’d prefer we speak of lighter things.”
“Sure thing,” he said.
They spoke no word of Woodhaven, Velixar, or the battle that morning for the rest of the day.
!
[section break](break.png)
The sound of an opening door stirred him from his slumber.
Qurrah glanced around, furious that he had fallen asleep.
How much time had passed?
An hour?
Five?
“I cannot be so weak,” he muttered to himself.
Footsteps echoed from the first floor.
One person, he guessed, most likely an elf judging by the design of the building.
Qurrah stood and readied his whip.
He would not cower in hiding.
This was his home now.
He would defend it.
“You are not safe here,” Qurrah whispered.
“For if you are safe, then I am not.”
He crept down the stairs, the whip coiled and ready to burst into flame.
Before the circular front window stood an elf, one hand on the glass, the other holding a bow.
Qurrah reached into his pocket, clutching a few pieces of bone.
Before he could draw them out the elf spoke, his voice soft and sad.
“Too much death this day,” he said.
“For hundreds of years my brother and I lived here, and for hundreds of years more we would have remained.
He is dead now, and for what reason?”
“Death has no reason,” Qurrah said, his whole body tensing.
“No,” the elf said, turning around so he could stare at Qurrah eye to eye.
“But murderers do.”
Neither moved.
Neither spoke.
Qurrah felt his nerves fray, and in his gut a sudden confusion swelled.
He felt as if he hung over the side of a cliff, and the bones he held were the rope.
The elf let go of his bow and held his hands out to either side.
“No more have to die,” the elf said.
The flesh around his eyes sagged wearily, and he leaned against the window to aid in standing.
It was as if grief had rendered him lifeless.
Let go, Qurrah thought.
He could let go.
Fall down the cliff, and find what awaited him at the bottom.
All he had to do was let go of the bones.
The confusion burned hotter in his gut.
“You’re right,” Qurrah said, standing to his full height.
“No more have to die.
But what we do doesn’t matter, for more always will.”
He opened his hands.
Fueled by dark magic, the bones shot forth, piercing the elf’s throat and eyes.
Against the window his dying body fell, his arms still held wide as if offering an embrace that would never be returned.
Qurrah stared at the corpse, and as the blood pooled on the floor he felt himself standing once more on solid ground.
The elves were his enemy.
His brother was his only friend.
Velixar was his master.
Solid ground.
Qurrah slipped over to the window and glanced out.
The sun hung low, its top edge barely visible above the rooftops.
He had hoped the streets would be empty, but instead he saw a patrol of elves turn the corner, their swords drawn.
He stepped back and hid as they passed by.
The half-orc chewed on his fingers.
Harruq had abandoned him, true, but perhaps he remained nearby, waiting for him.
Then there was Velixar, no doubt furious at the elves’ victory.
Where did Karak’s prophet linger now that the battle had ended?
There was only one way to find out.
He would have to escape the town, regardless of the patrols that swarmed the area.
He waited until nightfall.
Even in the dark the elves still patrolled, carrying no torches for their keen eyes had no trouble seeing in the starlight.
The longer he hid and watched, the more Qurrah was convinced they searched for him.
The Neldaren troops were long gone, Harruq with them.
He knew he was being paranoid, but the only other person they could be searching for was Velixar, and the elves were deluding themselves if they thought they could handle him.
When a smaller patrol turned a corner and vanished, he opened the door, winked at the bloody corpse near the window, and then slipped into the night.
The scent of mourning floated throughout the town, and he paused to enjoy the bittersweet strands of death that tugged on his heart.
So many souls lost in battle, and even in the quiet aftermath, it was intoxicating.
“No sleep tonight,” he said, turning back to the building that had been his shelter.
Fire swarmed around his fingers.
Like streams of water, it flowed from his hands, splashing across the roof and setting it ablaze.
Finished, he ran for an alley to hide as the fire gained the attention of the many patrols.
He heard footsteps and shouts further down the road so he ducked left, running in between homes as all around the shouts grew louder.
The houses ended, and like a fleeing thief he burst out into the streets only to slam into a drunken man holding a small bottle.
The two rolled, a tangle of legs and arms.
The small bottle shattered.
“What the abyss are you…” the man started to say, but Qurrah’s hand pressed against his lips.
“Your voice or your life,” Qurrah said, danger flaring in his eyes.
The half- orc pushed him away and got to his feet.
He glanced around, trying to orientate himself, when he felt a sharp pain stab into his back.
He spun, his whip lashing out as it burst into flame.
It wrapped around the man’s neck, choking out death cries as his flesh seared and smoke filled his lungs.
The only noise Qurrah heard was the sound of skin blistering and popping in the fire.
At last the man crumpled, the bloodied shard of glass from the bottle still in his hand.
“Damn it,” Qurrah said, wincing as he touched the cut on his back.
It was wide but not deep.
Painful too, he noticed as he took a few steps.
Furious, he turned back to the corpse of the drunken man and smashed a fist against its chest.
The body shriveled into dust, only the bones remaining.
“Halt!” shouted a voice from far down the street.
Qurrah glimpsed an elf carrying a bow.
Just one, the half-orc noticed, but that would quickly change.
“Perhaps you’ll have some use after all,” Qurrah said to the bones.
He whispered words of magic as the elf took a few steps closer and notched an arrow.
A purple fire surrounded the bones, pulled them into the air, and then hurled them in a giant wave.
The elf released his own arrow, but Qurrah was faster.
He dove to the side as the arrow clacked against the stone.
The elf tried batting the bones away, but he was a fool, unaware of the strength guiding them.
They shattered his bow, crashed into his slender form, and tore flesh and armor.
“Kill him,” Qurrah said to the bones.
They swirled in the air above the elf like a tornado, and all at once they plunged downward, deep into his flesh.
More shouts.
He turned north and ran deeper into Singhelm.
He doubted any humans patrolled the area, not after the defeat of their army.
If he was to find safety, it would be there.
In each ragged breath, he gasped, tasting copper on his tongue.
His back ached, and his whole body revolted against his constant motion.
Still, he had no choice.
He passed by home after home, each one dark and quiet.
It seemed the occupants of Singhelm were terrified the elves might seek vengeance for the king’s edict.
Qurrah chuckled though it felt like hammers pummeled his chest.
He spread his hands to either side and bathed a few houses with fire.
The city’s fear was deep enough he could sense it like a cold breeze, and he wanted it to deepen.
An arrow whistled by, clipping his ear.
Qurrah dropped to his knees as a second thudded into the side of a home, inches from his neck.
A spell on his lips, he spun, grabbing chunks of dirt in his hands to use as components for a spell.
From two windows, a pair of elves held bows, and together they pulled back the strings and released their arrows.
The ground beneath Qurrah cracked and tore as his spell completed, so that he fell into a deep pit.
The landing jarred his back, and he gasped for air, but for the moment he was safe from the arrows that went flying above.
The fire continued to spread.
Qurrah could see its flickers of light, and even in his little pit he felt the heat.
His whole body ached, and he wished nothing more than to lay there like a corpse in a grave, but he had no time.
He needed to take care of the meddlesome elves that had him pinned.
“Like shadows in the night,” he whispered, remembering how Velixar had described a certain spell to him.
“Shadows that vanish and reappear at will.”
He spoke the words and poured his power into them.
He felt his body shift, and his sight twisted so that he saw many things.
A spider, he thought.
Velixar should have told him it was like becoming a spider.
A mere thought of moving sent him spiraling, reappearing place to place.
Ending the spell left him totally disoriented.
His sight returned to normal, and it felt a little like falling from a very tall tree.
As he retched on his knees, he looked about, discerning his location.
He was beside the building the two elves were in, directly underneath their windows.
He could see the tips of their arrows sticking out, glinting in torchlight.
Two adjacent homes were already ablaze, their occupants still inside.
Qurrah turned and grabbed the frame of the door.
“Burn!” he shouted, loud enough for the elves to hear.
The wood blackened, smoke billowed from his hands, and then the entire building erupted as if bathed in oil.
Qurrah laughed, untouched by the heat.
He could not say the same for the elves, and as their pained screams reached his ears he only laughed louder.
The half-orc ran as people flooded the streets, calling out for buckets and water.
Too many homes were aflame.
They could no longer cower within them and hope to be spared.
In the commotion, Qurrah vanished, unseen and uncared for.
He had spent his whole life disappearing in crowds, and in the dark of night, surrounded by fear and worry, he was just a shadow.
!
[section break](break.png)
Qurrah was in no hurry as he left the city behind.
The grass was soft and tall, and it felt good under his feet after so much sprinting down stone roads.
Stars filled the sky, and he smiled to them often.
In the distance, he spotted a small fire, and he knew to whom it belonged.
“Where is your brother?” Velixar asked as Qurrah approached.
“He has abandoned me,” Qurrah said, pulling at his robes.
He glanced back to the town, hoping to change the topic.
Velixar’s gaze followed his, and together they noticed the smell floating in the breeze.
“There are bodies nearby,” Qurrah said.
“Hundreds.
I can feel them.”
“Elves do not bury their kin,” Velixar whispered.
“The few tombs they do build house nothing but ash.
Instead, they pile the bodies of the dead to burn, but not tonight.
Tonight they mourn.” He stood erect, stretching out his arms as if relishing the warmth of sunshine.
“Such wonderful dead.
To die in combat is a glorious fate, Qurrah.
Never forget it.
The blessings of gods linger in those who fight and fall valiantly.”
Qurrah nodded.
He could feel power creeping out of his master, cold and fierce.
Soft purple dust flew from his pale hands.
“The trust between man and elf is broken,” Velixar said.
“Let the harvest of their distrust begin.”
Arcane words of power flowed from Velixar.
Qurrah knew them, knew their purpose.
They were the exact same words he had used to raise the eight undead at Cornrows.
The only difference, however, was in the power Velixar gave them.
Each word rolled forth like some unstoppable wave, deep and resonating.
He relished the feel, knowing that one day he would speak the words in such a manner.
Velixar lifted his hands to the sky, shouting out the last of the spell.
The final command came shrieking forth from his lips.
“ _Rise!_ ”
In the distance, dark shapes rose from the grass.
Four hundred bodies of men and elves marched silently away from town, back toward their master.
Qurrah smiled.
The macabre sight was beautiful.
“What shall you do with them?” he asked.
“They will join my army.
Two thousand I now have.
We are close.
So close.
Soon we will have enough to crush Veldaren.”
“Where is this army?”
Velixar flashed an ugly smile.
“They are with me always.”
As if this very comment brought forth their existence, thousands of decaying, mindless beings surrounded them.
“How can you command so many?” Qurrah gasped.
“You will learn.
Come.
We must put as much distance as we can between us and Woodhaven.”
The hundreds from Woodhaven joined the thousands.
Flanked in an army of undead, the necromancers trekked north.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Clever,” Dieredon whispered from atop Sonowin, watching the undead army’s departure.
They circled back, returning to the Erze forest nestled around Woodhaven.
Dieredon had returned too late to find and assault Velixar, so instead he had kept his troops hidden and waiting.
The battle ended as he had hoped, and even Antonil had survived, Celestia be praised.
The elf glanced back, memorizing the exact direction the undead marched.
“Clever, and disgusting,” he added.
“Death is nothing but a recruitment tool for you.”
Half an hour later, he and a hundred other elves riding atop pegasi followed the necromancer north.
As they flew, they passed over a small campfire dotting the empty field below.
Their passage above went unheard and unseen, for the two lone souls sitting on opposite sides of that campfire were deep in conversation.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Harruq, I want you to make me a promise.”
“And what is that?”
Aurelia leaned back and tucked a few strands of hair behind her ear as high above the stars sparkled sadly.
“Promise you will never strike at me, or those close to me, ever again.”
The half-orc shifted uncomfortably in the grass.
“You know I’d never do that.”
“No, Harruq, I don’t know.
I think I know, I desperately want to believe I know, but I don’t.
So promise me.”
“Aurry…”
“Promise me now, or I will drag you back to the elves and let them deal the justice you deserve.”
Harruq glared into the fire.
It was such an easy promise, but could he keep it?
What if Velixar ordered otherwise, or someone close to Aurelia struck against Qurrah?
He sighed.
In his heart, he knew he could never again strike at Aurelia, regardless of what anyone else wanted of him.
The look on her face when he had stabbed her, that combination of sadness and shock, would haunt him forever.
“Fine,” he said.
“I promise.
Happy?”
“Far from it.”
Aurelia crossed her legs, tossed back her hair, and then leaned her head on her hands as she stared into the fire.
“I want you to listen to me, alright Harruq?”
“Sure.”
He glanced down, uncomfortable and saddened that Aurelia refused to look him in the eye.
“Velixar is not who you think he is.
He isn’t _what_ you think he is.
He tried to kill me, Harruq.
He enjoyed every second we fought.
I saw many of my friends die at his hand.
Do you know why he helps you?
Why he claims to train you?”
She gave no pause, no chance for him to answer.
This was good, for he didn’t want to.
Too much was on his mind for argument.
He remained quiet and listened.
“He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.
A murderer without guilt.
Without conscience.
A living weapon to be used however he wants you to be used.”
Harruq’s heart sped up a few paces as Aurelia rose and walked over to where he sat.
She knelt down and rubbed a soft hand against his face.
She finally looked into his eyes.
“You are not a weapon, Harruq.
You are a kind, intelligent half-elf.
You always have a choice.
Never forget that.”
She kissed his cheek.
His heart skipped.
When she sat back down, he looked down at his brutish hands and muscles.
She noticed and crossed her arms.
“Velixar’s gift,” she said.
“Do you still desire it?”
Harruq closed his eyes, his fingers shaking.
Deep within his chest, he felt a rage steadily growing.
When Velixar had first given the strength to him, he’d felt an overwhelming desire to use it.
Anger swelled inside, and when he looked to Aurelia he felt an enormous desire to attack.
She was questioning his master, his brother, questioning what it meant to be him.
When he opened his eyes, Aurelia stood, shocked by the red light wafting like smoke from Harruq’s eyes.
“You could never know what I am,” he said.
“I’ve seen what you can be,” she said.
“Is that not enough?”
The words stung him.
His vision swam crimson.
He felt his hands close upon his swords.
Perhaps he shouldn’t have saved her.
Perhaps he should have left her bleeding upon the ground to die alone and…
“No!” he screamed, flinging himself to his knees.
He drew his swords and flung them aside, not daring to have their touch near him just then.
Velixar’s voice throbbed in his ears, a chant of promises and loyalty.
“Deny the gift,” Aurelia said, the faintest hint of magic on her fingertips.
“Give me some shred of hope.”
He closed his eyes.
Tears trickled down his face.
He felt the anger growing inside him, but he forced it down.
In his mind’s eye, he saw Velixar.
The old prophet warned of death, retribution, and pain, but Harruq silenced him.
Let the gift be gone.
He denied the darkness within him.
If this was betrayal, then so be it.
He would pay the cost.
Great spasms racked his body.
All the power Velixar had granted him fled.
His muscles shrank inward, tightening in great, painful shudders.
Several minutes passed as the horrendous pain tore through his arms, chest, and legs.
Aurelia held him as he lay sobbing in pain.
She did her best to comfort him, stroking his hair until all his dark strength drained away.
Exhaustion came soon after, and for an agonizing time Harruq lay there, mumbling incoherently and waiting for the pain to fade.
At last, he looked up to Aurelia, his eyes a calm brown, the whites bloodshot.
“I love you,” he said.
Sleep took him, and relieved, Aurelia let her own eyes close and her hair drape across his face.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Wake up, Qurrah.”
The half-orc lifted his eyelids to see the thoroughly unwelcoming sight of Velixar frowning down at him.
“Yes, master?” he asked, puzzled, for it was still before dawn.
He had slept no more than a few hours, he figured.
“Who is it your brother travels with now?” Velixar asked.
“You say he has abandoned you, but to whom?”
“An elf named Aurelia,” Qurrah said as he sat up.
He rubbed his eyes, still feeling groggy.
“Why do you ask?”
“Because he has rejected us, my disciple,” Velixar said.
“His strength has left him.
My heart burns with this betrayal, and I must know who to punish.”
Qurrah felt ill at ease.
All around him, the sea of undead swayed and moaned as if they shared their master’s anger.
“Perhaps it is a mistake,” he said.
“Or he has done so only to keep himself safe.
Let me talk to him.
He will listen to me; he always has.”
Velixar shook his head and pointed toward Woodhaven in the far distance.
“Back there he left you, and I must punish him for such…‌Qurrah, look to the sky.”
Qurrah followed Velixar’s gaze, and there in the distance he saw many white objects faintly illuminated by the stars.
“About a hundred,” Qurrah said.
“But what are they?”
“Elves,” the man in black said.
“And I know who leads them.
Prepare yourself, my disciple.
I have erred, and now we pay the price.”
Qurrah nodded, then closed his eyes and rehearsed the spells he knew.
They were weak compared to his master’s but they would claim a few lives.
His whip curled around his arm, ready for more bloodshed.
The white dots in the distance grew at a frightening rate.
“Such speed,” Qurrah said.
“How?”
“They are the Ekreissar,” Velixar answered.
“The Quellan elite are the only ones capable of raising and flying the winged horses.
When they fly in, stay low, and aim your spells for their horses.
The rider will die from the fall.”
The man in black closed his eyes and spoke to the undead surrounding them.
“Hide our presence,” he ordered.
“Spread about, and do not halt your movement for all eternity.”
The two thousand obeyed, scattering in a constantly moving jumble of arms and legs.
“That should help keep our presence hidden for a time,” Qurrah said.
“They are but distractions.
The darkness will hide us from their arrows.”
Before Qurrah could ask what Velixar meant, his master was already in the midst of another spell.
Inky darkness rose all about his feet, swirling like black floodwaters.
Chills crept up his ankles as the liquid darkness grew.
Velixar cried out the final words of the spell, spreading the darkness for a mile in all directions, so high it covered up to their necks.
“It is cold,” Qurrah said, his teeth chattering.
“You will not be harmed by it,” Velixar said, watching the approaching army.
“With so much hidden, they will be hard pressed to target us among my undead.
Hold nothing back.
They are here.”
!
[section break](break.png)
“What should we do?” one elf shouted above the wind roaring past their ears.
“Unleash our arrows,” Dieredon shouted back.
“Watch for the necromancer.
Ignore the undead once you locate him.”
The blasphemous blanket of darkness stretched out below them like a great fog, filled with bobbing heads of Velixar’s army.
In that chaotic mass, Dieredon knew the man in black would remain well hidden.
Not until enough of the undead had been massacred.
He readied his bow, his strong legs the only thing holding him to Sonowin.
Three arrows pressed against the string of the bow, their tips dipped in holy water.
His quiver, as was the quiver of every elf flying alongside him, contained water given to them by their clerics of Celestia.
When their arrows bit into dead flesh, it would be like fire on a dry leaf.
“Let no life lost this night be in vain!” Dieredon cried as they descended like a white river, raining arrows into the darkness.
More than two hundred moving forms halted after that one pass, but a thousand more swayed in their sick, distracting dance.
“One free pass,” Velixar said, observing the flight of elves as they swarmed overhead.
They banked around, still in perfect formation, and then dove again.
“Kill them now!” he ordered, his fingers crooking into strange shapes.
“ _Hemorrhage!_ ” Qurrah hissed, pointing at the nearest horse.
Blood ruptured from the beautiful creature’s neck.
The rider steadied her best he could, knowing his doom approached.
They crashed into the inky blackness, crushing bodies underneath before the swarming dead tore them to pieces.
Velixar’s first attack was far more impressive.
Bits of bone ripped out from his undead army; femurs, fingers, ribs, and teeth flew into the sky in a deadly assault.
The elves broke formation as the barrage approached.
The first ten, however, were too close to have hope.
Bone shredded wings and scattered feathers.
The elves that were alive when their horses landed died by the clawing hands of rotted flesh.
Dieredon looped in the sky, his confidence shaken at the sight of so many of his dying friends.
He fired arrows three at a time, his quiver never approaching empty.
He ordered Sonowin lower, shouting out the command as another barrage of bone pelted four more elves to their deaths.
Skimming above the darkness, Dieredon fired volley after volley behind him.
When they were past the undead, he pulled Sonowin high into the air to observe the battlefield.
The ranks of the undead were half of what they had been, yet still he could not see the lowered black hood he so badly needed to see.
“Come, Sonowin, we will find him, even if it means killing every last one of his puppets.”
The horse neighed and dove, spurred on by the sight of its own kind falling in death.
!
[section break](break.png)
“Behind you, master,” Qurrah said.
He hurried the words of a spell as Velixar turned.
An incorporeal hand shot from Qurrah’s own, flying across the battlefield to where an elf dove toward them, arrows flashing two at a time in the starlight.
The hand struck the elf in the chest, freezing flesh and eviscerating his insides with ice.
The flying horse banked upward as its master fell limp into the fog.
“Beautiful, Qurrah,” Velixar said, bloodlust burning in his red eyes.
His precious undead were being massacred.
He could feel their numbers dwindling in his mind, now but a third of what his glorious army had been.
“This has gone on long enough,” he seethed.
He outstretched his hands and shrieked words of magic.
Qurrah staggered back, in awe of the power that came rolling forth.
The fog of darkness swirled and recoiled at each word Velixar spoke.
The cold on his flesh grew sharper as the blackness grew thicker.
“Be gone from me!” Velixar cried, yanking down his arms.
Six fingered hands ripped up from the black, some smaller than a child’s, some as large as houses.
Each one lunged to the sky, clutching and grabbing at the elves that circled above.
“Retreat!” one elf shouted, banking as black fingers tore through the air just before his mount.
Another screamed as a hundred tiny hands enveloped him, crushing the life from his body.
Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.
Sonowin spun, diving closer to the darkness and underneath the giant hand.
Cries of pain filled the night as more and more elves fell to the reaching black magic.
Dieredon held on tight, trusting his life to Sonowin.
He scanned the battlefield while they whirled up and down, over one hand and then dancing away from another.
Just as Sonowin pulled higher and higher into the air, outracing more than seven growing hands reaching up for them, the elf spotted two lone figures amid the sea of dead.
“Sonowin,” he shouted to his steed.
“There, you must get to them!”
The horse snorted, banked around, and dove straight for the approaching hands.
A quick spiral avoided the first wave.
Dieredon clutched his bow and held on for dear life, his eyes locking on the man in black who stood perfectly still, his arms at downward angles from his body.
The rest of the elves were in full retreat.
He was the only one left.
Qurrah watched Dieredon’s approach with a gnawing fear in his chest.
It seemed no hand could touch this one, the horse possessing dexterity beyond what any creature that size should have.
Velixar showed no sign of being aware of their approach.
His eyes had rolled back into his head as he controlled the multitude of magical hands.
“Be gone,” Qurrah said, firing several pieces of bone.
All pieces missed.
He tried to cast another hemorrhage spell but the words felt heavy and drunk on his tongue.
His mind ached, his chest heaved, and when the spell finished it created nothing but a wound the size of an arrowhead in the side of Sonowin.
“Master, defend yourself!” Qurrah shouted as loud as he could.
Still nothing.
More and more hands curled in, surrounding Dieredon and Sonowin in a magical maelstrom, yet still they came.
“Fly, Sonowin,” the elf shouted.
“Fly safe!”
Dieredon leapt from Sonowin’s back, the blades on his bow gleaming.
He fell through the air, the long spike on the bottom aimed directly for Velixar’s head.
“Master!” Qurrah shouted again, shoving his body against Velixar’s.
His concentration broken, Velixar lost his control of the black fog.
The darkness swirled inward as if Velixar were the center of a giant drain.
The blackness filled him, surrounded him, and consumed him.
When all returned, and Dieredon was about to land, a wave of pure sound and energy rippled outward.
Velixar was waking, and he was angry.
The wave sent Qurrah crashing against a giant undead man still wearing rusted platemail.
The collision blasted the air from his lungs.
When he hit the ground, stars filled his vision.
Dieredon fought but could not resist that same wave of power.
The point of his blade halted a foot from the top of the black hood before he flew back.
In the distance, Qurrah watched his master glaring at the damned elf who had fallen like a mad man.
“Scoutmaster,” Velixar growled, his voice deep and dark like an ancient daemon of old.
“Twice you have looked upon me and lived.
No more.”
Dieredon twirled his bow, his face calm and emotionless.
“Too many have died at your hand.
What life you have ends tonight.”
Velixar roared, a sound that made Qurrah shiver and avert his eyes.
His master’s back was to him, so he could not see the face that Dieredon saw, which was full of rotted skin and crawling, feasting things.
Suddenly Dieredon pulled back.
The blades in his bow snapped inward.
“Arrows cannot hurt me,” Velixar mocked.
“They did not the first time.
Why do you hope so now?”
“Because these arrows are different.”
He fired three at once, all burying deep into Velixar’s chest.
The man in black screamed as the sacred water burned his skin.
He fell to one knee and vomited a pile of white flesh and maggots.
“You will suffer,” he gasped.
“For ages, I will make you suffer.”
“Try it,” said Dieredon.
Two more arrows flew, but they halted in mid-air.
Velixar stood, his hand outstretched, gripping the projectiles with his mind.
The elf fired two more volleys but all the arrows froze beside the others.
“Fool,” Velixar hissed.
At once, the arrows turned and resumed their flight, straight at Dieredon.
The elf dove, rolling underneath the barrage.
Not an arrow had hit earth before the elf tucked his feet and kicked.
The blades sprang from his bow.
He crossed the distance between the two in a heartbeat.
Velixar accepted a stab deep into his chest.
A pale hand grabbed Dieredon’s throat, its grip iron and its flesh ice.
“It will be painful,” Velixar said.
Vile magic swirled about his hand, pouring into Dieredon’s neck.
The blood in his veins clotted and thickened.
A toss of his hand and the elf flew through the air.
He rolled across the ground without the usual grace he had shown in combat.
Qurrah glanced about, paralyzed with fear.
The remaining elves were returning, deadly and furious, and the darkness that had protected them was gone.
“Do you feel it?” Velixar said, stalking over to the dying elf.
“The blood in your throat is clotting.
Your mind will starve and your heart will burst trying to force blood through.”
He knew he should speak.
He had to warn master.
But he could not open his mouth.
He could not move.
The pegasi were closer.
They were readying their bows.
He had to speak!
“Can you feel it?” the man in black asked.
“Can you feel your heart shudder and throb?
Here, let me help your pain.”
Dieredon lay on his back, staring up at him.
His chest was a mess of pain, his mind light and dizzy.
As Velixar reached down, his maggoty face smiling and his hand dripping unholy magic, a wave of arrows rained upon him.
Five buried into Velixar’s back.
Six more found his legs and arms.
He arched and shrieked as the blessed water seared his wretched body.
Dieredon staggered to his feet, his bow still in his hands.
The man in black reached around and tore out the arrows from his body.
Still no blood flowed.
“My name is Dieredon,” the elf gasped.
“Know it before I send you to the abyss.”
He fired two arrows, one for each eye.
They shattered into fire, and finally blood did flow.
It ran down the dead flesh and bone that was his face, over his black robes, and pooled in the grass below.
He fell prone, still screaming his anger and fury.
For five hundred years he had walked the land of Dezrel.
All that time, all those killings, and this was how he would fail.
“Karak!” he shouted, all his power fleeing him.
His undead minions collapsed, their souls released.
The gates to the abyss opened before his eyes, and he felt the pull on his soul.
The dark fire already burned.
He saw the face of his master, and the sick grin there horrified him.
“I will not die!” he shrieked.
“I will not die!”
His flesh burned in fire, his bones blew away as dust on the wind, and only an empty robe remained of the being that was Velixar.
Yet, still haunting the wind, was his final cry, a promise to the world of Dezrel.
_“I will not die!”_
* Chapter 17 Chapter 17{{{1 17
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Miles away, Harruq awoke screaming.
Aurelia rushed to his side as he curled into a ball, shuddering frantically.
“He’s dead,” he said.
Cold sweat covered his body.
Remnants of his nightmare floated before his eyes, the icy voice of Velixar rolling over him in his vengeful fury.
All he’d known, all he’d ever loved, was dead and gone.
Only Karak had remained, furious at the loss.
Through it all, one single fact pulsed as an undeniable truth.
“Velixar,” Harruq said, clutching Aurelia’s hands and sighing with a mixture of relief and terror.
“He’s dead.
I’m free.”
Aurelia kissed his forehead as the half-orc drifted back to sleep, still overcome with his exhaustion.
To her eyes, it seemed he slept far better than he had before.
!
[section break](break.png)
Qurrah did not know what to say or do as he watched his master die.
His entire world had just come crashing down in the darkness.
Above him were more than fifty elves, each one eager to bury an arrow in his back.
“Harruq,” he said, crawling amid the bodies.
He desperately hoped none would spot him.
He reached a large stinking corpse lying on its back with a golden arrow in its forehead.
Qurrah shoved the cadaver onto its side, curled underneath, and then let it fall atop him.
The weight crushed his fragile body and the smell was awful, but it was his only cover.
Miserable, he hid there, quietly whispering.
“Where are you, Harruq?” he said, his face buried into the dirt.
His tears fell to the grass.
“Harruq, I need you.
Where are you?”
Then he heard talking and shut his mouth.
“Are you alright, Dieredon?” an elf asked.
The scoutmaster nodded, leaning heavily on his bow.
“I will be fine.
His magic left my body upon his death.”
A neigh brought his attention upward.
Sonowin landed next to him, her white hair stained red in places.
She nuzzled the elf and snorted something.
“You worry too much, old girl,” Dieredon said, his voice cracking several times.
He patted her once and then turned to the elf standing nearby.
“How many did we lose?”
“Half.
We paid dearly to kill this man.”
“A heavy price,” Dieredon said, gingerly climbing atop Sonowin.
“Heavy, but well worth its weight in blood.
A great evil has left this land.
Let us return to Woodhaven, for this place of death turns my mouth sour.”
The two took to the air and joined the other survivors.
They did not try to locate their dead among the hundreds of other rotting bodies.
Instead, a few elves flew low and scattered firestones, small pebbles that burst into flame upon landing.
Grass and bodies ignited, and the battlefield rapidly swelled into a giant funeral pyre.
Qurrah crawled out from underneath the body as flames erupted all around him.
Everywhere he looked, he saw embers and corpses.
He spotted the robes of Velixar and ran to them.
He picked them up and shook them, furious that no body remained.
“You lied to me, Velixar,” Qurrah said.
“You said you were eternal.
You said you held the power of a god.
But you lied.
You are nothing but dust.”
Surrounded by fire and death, the half-orc stripped naked of his rags and donned the robes of his former master.
Despite all the arrows and heat, they seemed in perfect condition.
Even the stain of blood was already fading.
Qurrah held the side of the hood to his mouth and coughed as the smoke grew ever thicker.
“Goodbye, Velixar,” he said.
Then he chose a direction and staggered away.
Slowly, and with a few wide curves through the carnage, he found a way out.
He huddled the black robes tighter about his thin body, relishing the soft feel and perfect fit.
Smoke clogged his lungs, but the stinking waves of it were lessening the farther he walked.
“Where are you, brother?” Qurrah asked once he could breathe freely.
In the dark before the dawn, it seemed he would receive no answer.
At last, he could travel no more.
He had no food, no destination, and no company.
His limbs were weak and his head throbbed.
To his knees he slumped, and he let time pass and his strength return, while his mind rummaged for ideas of how to proceed.
!
[section break](break.png)
While the sun was still a sliver peeking over the horizon, Aurelia shook Harruq’s shoulders to wake him.
She then sat back and put her hands to her forehead while the half-orc tried to remember where he was.
“Can you find him?” Harruq asked her, realizing what she was doing.
He sat on his rear and began readjusting his armor to his more slender frame.
“In time,” she said.
“I have met him only once, but I doubt there are any like him.
Stay quiet and be patient.”
Her mind was a net, and she cast it further and further out, scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond.
“Found him,” she whispered.
!
[section break](break.png)
A blue portal ripped through the air before Qurrah, beckoning him.
He looked through but saw only mists and distorted landscape.
Seeing nothing to lose, he got to his feet and stepped inside.
He felt the sensation of traveling a great distance yet his mind insisted he had taken only a single step.
He could see the orange glow of the great pyre several miles away.
“Brother!” Harruq cried, wrapping him in a hug.
Qurrah endured it, keeping his hands at his sides.
“I was so worried about you!”
“Velixar is dead,” Qurrah said, eyeing Aurelia warily.
“We know,” the elf said.
“It is well to meet you again, Qurrah.”
Qurrah stepped back from his brother, and Aurelia noticed his robes and frowned.
“You should have left them.
He was an evil man.
Following in his footsteps will lead to a similar fate.”
The half-orc said nothing.
For a moment all three glanced about, the atmosphere akin to air before a thunderstorm.
Qurrah broke the silence.
“Woodhaven is behind us,” he said.
“I have made mistakes, as has my brother.
I saw you leave with him, and I know you sacrificed much to protect him.
For this, I thank you.
All I ask is that we speak naught of this again.
If we are to travel together, it is my only wish.”
“A wish gladly granted,” Aurelia said, a tiny smile finally cracking free.
“So where is it we should go?”
Qurrah glanced at his brother and shrugged.
“The only homes we have known are Woodhaven and Veldaren.
I doubt either will gladly accept us.”
“I have never been to Veldaren,” Aurelia said.
“Although I have heard it is beautiful, in its own way.
I can get us inside, if all you fear are the gate guards.
The edict to banish elves is foolish, anyway.
After the casualties he took in Woodhaven, the king should be forced to revoke it lest any human villages be attacked.”
“I wouldn’t mind going back home,” Harruq said.
“Sound good to you, Qurrah?”
“Wherever you two go, I will follow,” he answered.
“Settled then,” Aurelia said.
“You two are going to have to play along when we get there, though.” She glanced at the sky, which was still speckled with stars even though dawn fast approached.
“We’ll wait until morning.
I could use a bit more sleep.”
She walked away, cast a levitation spell upon herself, and then settled in for sleep hovering an inch above the grass.
“Odd girl,” Qurrah whispered.
Harruq forced a laugh.
To Qurrah’s eyes, he looked exhausted, and the shrinking of his muscles was glaring.
“I’m sorry I left you there at Woodhaven,” Harruq said.
“And I’m sorry you were alone when Velixar died.
How did it happen?”
“Elves came and attacked.
No apologies are necessary, Harruq.
All is forgiven.”
“No, it’s not all forgiven,” he said, grabbing his brother’s shoulders.
“I can see it in your eyes.
Please understand.
I would have given anything to be there with you.”
Qurrah’s bloodshot eyes lost their rage and sorrow.
“But you weren’t.” His voice lowered, as if he were afraid Aurelia would hear.
“You abandoned me for her.
You left me, still wounded and alone.
And I know what you did, brother.
You turned against Velixar.
You denied the gifts he gave you.”
“He’s gone,” Harruq said.
“And I want that strength no more.
We are not his slaves.”
“We were his disciples.”
“We were his weapons!” Harruq shouted.
He glanced back at Aurelia and held back a curse.
“Weapons,” he said again, his voice an angry whisper.
“Nothing more.”
“If that is your belief,” Qurrah said, settling down upon the grass.
“But don’t forget the blood on your hands.
You killed more than I, brother.
Now leave me be.
The night has been long, and I need to rest.”
Harruq let Qurrah sleep in the flattened grass by the fireside.
As for him, he sat between Aurelia and Qurrah, glancing back and forth between the two.
“I can love them both,” he repeated, though seeing the robes Qurrah wore, he wondered how long before that love split to one or the other.
* Epilogue Epilogue{{{1 EPILOGUE
!
[decoration](chapter.png)
Far away, ash floated on a cold breeze, sucked into a forgotten cavern within a chasm feared by orcs and goblins.
On the damp floor it fell, coalescing into a black muck, which stirred by unseen and unfelt winds.
Here a bone poked up from the filth, there a fingernail.
Floating above, transfixed in patient stasis, a soul awaiting a host, shone two crimson eyes.
* Note from the Author Note from the Author{{{1 A NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR
I never set out to write a dark fantasy.
I had two characters in my head, troubled half-orcs without home or family and whose decisions would one day bathe a world with war.
To tell their story I had to start at the beginning, and the beginning is not kind.
Reading some letters and reviews, I’ve seen just how dark I’ve gone.
What you have just read is a slight alteration from my original manuscript.
I have not changed the brothers’ actions.
Instead, I have tried to show a bit more into their thoughts, their hearts, and their souls.
I have had people call Harruq and Qurrah evil.
Perhaps you agree.
Much of what they have done certainly is evil.
I will not sit here and justify the deaths of children, and to do so would paint me a psychopath and my characters sick beings.
I view Velixar as sort of a recruiter, the kind of man who’d be right at home at a Nazi rally filling confused kids with bigotry, anger, and murder.
He is gone, for now anyway, and in The Cost of Betrayal these two brothers will get a chance to live on their own.
For once Harruq has not only felt regret but done something about it.
For once Qurrah has seen that the darkness he follows is not the absolute power it claims to be.
This Half-Orc Series is a story of redemption.
I will not tell it in just one book, not even in two or three.
People will die, and I will break the hearts of my beloved creations.
If you’ve read this far and enjoyed it, I welcome you to continue along with me, as well as thank you for your readership.
Your time is precious, dear reader, and I couldn’t be happier knowing you spent it with me.
If you’d like to email me for any reason, ask questions or give suggestions, you can contact me at [ddalglish@yahoo.com](mailto:ddalglish@yahoo.com).
Also, I’d like to give a quick thank you to Peter Ortiz, who did my stunning cover art.
You can view more of his wonderful drawings at <http://standalone- complex.deviantart.com>/.
Hope you had fun.
Hope you were entertained.
Most of all, I hope for a brief moment you forgot your own world and got lost in mine.
David Dalglish

﻿Sometimes love finds you when you aren't looking for it.
The accident that forced Adri and her mother to move to a new high school also cost Adri her dad and sister.
Adri just wants to blend in and buy herself time to grieve, but two of the most popular, gorgeous guys in school are about to take an inexplicable interest in her.
Adri will be forced into a world where the players aren't all human.
She will be forced to choose between Brandon and Alec, and this time the wrong choice could get her killed.
Broken by Dean Murray
Copyright 2011 by Dean Murray
Also by Dean Murray: The Reflections Series Broken (free) Torn (free if you sign up for Dean's Mailing List) Splintered Intrusion Trapped Forsaken Riven Driven Lost Marked The Greater Darkness (Writing as Eldon Murphy) A Darkness Mirrored (Writing as Eldon Murphy)
The Dark Reflections Series Bound Hunted Ambushed Shattered
The Guadel Chronicles Frozen Prospects (free) Thawed Fortunes (free if you sign up for Dean's Mailing List) Brittle Bonds Shattered Ties
If you love Broken, you can get a free copy of the next book, Torn, by signing up for the author's mailing list.
Chapter 1 Stepping back out into the relentless desert sun, I once again wished we were still back in Minnesota, or at least that we were done moving.
Then again I might as well have been wishing that Mom had decided on somewhere other than Utah, or that we'd had some long-lost relative die and leave us a small fortune, or even better that Dad and Cindi...
The thought was much too dangerous to complete.
My breathing had already sped up, and my balance degenerated so quickly it was a small miracle I made it over to the U-Haul before I keeled over.
I'd hated the battered vehicle that had spent the last two days carrying us west across I-80.
It was hard to keep up the feeling though when it was the only thing protecting me from a concussion.
Half of the horizon was green and beautiful, not land-of-ten-thousand-lakes beautiful, but still not bad.
I, of course, ended up on the wrong side of the truck; barren dirt and rocks, only occasionally relieved by scrubby plant life, as far as the eye could see.
I still didn't buy into my mom's oft-repeated claim.
I'd told her before that Utah would be a lousy place to try and make her way as a photographer.
Only very sick, masochistic people buy calendars with this kind of crap on it.
Sane people take pictures of furry little animals romping around green landscapes and sell those.
That helped a little, my breathing was starting to slow back down, but that was too related to the other reasons we'd moved.
I wasn't mentally back in safe territory still.
I sought refuge in something even more mundane.
Namely the fact that tomorrow I would have to go enroll in school and try to blend in with a bunch of small-town juniors who'd all probably known each other since they could walk.
Going to a new school after missing the first month of classes was a prospect likely to generate anxiety in the most outgoing of teenagers, and I was far from that, but it was a different kind of worry.
As I mapped out all of the things that could, and probably would, go wrong, I could feel my heart slowly settle back down out of my throat.
If I were pretty or athletic I'd probably manage to fit right in.
It always seemed like the kids who moved in partway through the year usually had some kind of instant in with the cool crowd, but that probably wouldn't happen for me.
It wasn't that I didn't want to make friends; I just wasn't very good at it.
My equilibrium seemed to have returned, so I took a few unsteady steps around to the back of the truck.
If I didn't return with a box soon Mom would rush out expecting the worst.
Unless she got caught up visualizing some new project, in which case it would be hours before she thought to come check on me.
We'd moved the beds and most of the other heavy items in earlier, which helped explain my exhaustion, but that didn't make the pile of remaining items in the back of the truck any less foreboding.
I decided to take the easy way out, and picked up a couple of blanket-wrapped mirrors.
I didn't unwrap either of them.
That was dangerous too.
The face that'd look back out of the glass would look almost more like hers than mine.
Shoulder-length blond hair and blue eyes still seemed to be all the rage, but mine were ruined by pale skin that burned instead of tanning, and a build that had retained its baby fat long after most of the other girls had started slimming down.
Those extra inches had evaporated recently, but of course it couldn't be a cause for celebration.
When Mom surfaced enough to notice how much weight I'd lost, she worried I was developing an eating disorder.
She couldn't seem to understand that I hated the new me more than she did.
Cindi was the skinny one.
I'd tried to make myself eat enough to fill back out, but I'd had a hard time remembering meals lately.
It was easier to just cinch my pants up a little and avoid mirrors.
Even when I did remember, the calories in didn't seem quite able to keep up with the calories my body routinely burned up.
I guess panic attacks are harder on your system than most people realize.
My body had already started spiraling down to an attack again, but before I could get too wobbly, I made it inside the house.
Mom met me at the bottom of the creaking stairs with a big smile on her tired face.
"The view from the rooms as the sun starts to set is even better than I thought it would be.
Coming here was the best idea we've ever had."
Normally Mom's enthusiasm was fairly catching.
You expect that kind of energy in a child; when it comes from an adult it's hard not to react in kind.
It didn't manage to infect me this time, but it did help focus me on the here and now.
I figured I owed her for that, so I tried to suppress my generally ungracious nature.
I even let her lead me up the creaky stairs to show me the 'amazing view' for the third time.
Mom pulled the mirrors out of my hands as soon as I reached the larger bedroom, and nudged me towards the window.
"Admit it, Adri, we didn't get sunsets like this very often in Minnesota."
"Adriana," I corrected automatically, trying to avoid thinking about where my nickname had come from.
The sunset was beautiful, just starting to turn the sky pink as a prelude to the glorious oranges that would no doubt follow.
It was the kind of thing that Mom was always trying to capture with her camera, but which never seemed to turn out quite as good as the real thing.
The sunset wasn't what captured my interest though, it was the greenery.
Mom's room looked out to the west, the gorgeous side that reminded me of the place and people that would always be home.
Mom carting me off to the middle of nowhere wasn't going to change that.
There was a huge tree on the far edge of the yard.
It was a species I didn't recognize, but it still called to me.
For a second I could almost hear a familiar voice whispering in my ear.
"Come on, Adri.
Cindi's already climbed up to the second set of branches.
You can do it, but you don't have to do it all by yourself, let me help you."
My vision was growing blurry.
I tried to wrench my thoughts back to safe territory, but it was too late, Dad's face was already filling up my vision.
Cindi and I looked nothing like Mom.
She was all dark, wavy hair, olive skin and at five-three hadn't been able to kiss Dad unless he bent down.
Dad was the one who gave us the blond hair and a shot at maybe hitting an average height.
I could see his handsome face smiling at me now, trying to coax me up into the tree with Cindi.
The vision lasted only as long as it took me to hit the floor.
I could always judge how long I'd been out by my mom's expression when I came to.
That and whether or not I'd seriously injured myself on the way down.
She looked concerned, but not desperate yet.
Her cell phone was in her hand, but not yet flipped open.
It probably hadn't been more than eight or nine minutes.
"Adri, what just happened?"
She knew already, the psychiatrist had some fancy name for it complete with a whole list of symptoms and psychobabble garbage.
It all boiled down to the idea that the more Mom could get me to talk about it, the sooner I'd shake off the fainting spells.
Yeah right.
Talking didn't make anything better; it just let him rack up a bunch of fees while I was passed out on his couch.
"I'm fine, Mom.
I just got a little dizzy."
I didn't want to talk to her.
What I really wanted to do was enjoy the short immunity fainting usually granted me.
For a minute or so I could think about Dad and Cindi with impunity.
I think Mom had figured that out though.
Nothing I'd tried recently had been equal to the task of getting her to leave me alone, or at least in silence, right after an episode.
She was probably worried I'd go back to how I was immediately after it all happened.
I'd lost a couple of weeks there, alternately triggering a panic attack and then thinking about Dad or Cindi until the immunity wore off and another attack ensued.
Mom had flipped out.
I'm not sure what brought me out of that black hole.
I think maybe it was when I looked out the window one day and realized I'd somehow missed fall.
Fall had always been Dad's favorite time.
Cindi's had been spring--she hadn't minded the mud.
My immunity was wearing off; the racing heart was a sure sign.
I focused back in on what Mom was saying.
"...you were doing so well.
Don't worry; this is just a little setback.
You'll see.
Being in a different environment will do wonders for us both."
I knew the rest of Mom's speech by heart, there was no reason to listen.
Next she'd run through all of the famous, marginally well-known, or even really obscure photographers who got their start in the West.
It didn't really matter.
I waited the requisite fifteen minutes and then went back out to the U-Haul and got another box.
Mom followed me out this time.
I guess she was worried again.
Even worries about school wouldn't cushion me now that I'd had an attack today.
There was nothing left but to wrap myself in numbness as I traveled back and forth between the truck and the house in a slow-moving haze.
The truck was the smallest one they rented, and we hadn't come even close to filling it up, but it was still dark by the time we finished.
Mom looked at the mass of boxes, groaned dramatically, and then went to the fridge and broke out the sandwiches we'd purchased when we stopped in town for directions.
An hour later our beds were made, and I had an outfit laid out for school the next day.
The clothes weren't mine.
They'd nearly triggered a full-scale blowup.
Mom thought I just wanted new clothes.
I knew we couldn't afford a new wardrobe just because I was temporarily skinny.
I didn't mind wearing my old stuff, I just didn't want to wear Cin...wear her clothes.
My near attack ended the conversation, albeit with my old clothes still packed away in some anonymous box.
Mom's enthusiasm couldn't be damped for long though.
It had fully returned by the time she turned my light off.
"Have a good night, Adri...ana.
You'll see, tomorrow will be like the start of a whole new life."
I kept the tears back until the door was shut, and then they came in a hot rush that left me depleted and sore.
It was like Mom had already forgotten about the other half of our family.
Chapter 2 The sound of my alarm pulled me from an uneasy sleep, full of dreams where I was running in terror from some unseen horror.
I couldn't decide whether I was happy to be free of them, or mad I had to get up.
My radio hadn't been in any of the boxes we'd unpacked last night, so I knew I'd have to get ready in silence.
I forced myself out of bed regardless.
Mom wouldn't be in to wake me up; she might not even be home.
It still wasn't light by the time I finished showering.
The fact that my body was, at least partly, still on Minnesota time should have helped, but the morning was just as unbearable as normal.
Fighting back a yawn, I flipped on my bedroom light and examined the half-dozen boxes that might contain my clothes.
I debated searching through them all, but it would just mean another fight if I did find them.
With a sigh of resignation I walked over to the chair where I'd left my selections from the night before, and pulled the faded jeans up my frail-looking legs.
I finished up with a tank top, covered by a light blue blouse.
All Cindi's stuff.
Thoughts of her were just as dangerous as they'd been last night, but maybe I was getting a little better.
Feeling like a traitor, I headed my skittering thoughts off before they could start affecting me physically, and focused on the next step in getting ready.
There was a lot more at stake this morning than last night.
If I fell apart now I might not make it to school, and then I'd have all kinds of trouble calming Mom back down when she returned from wherever she'd gone.
My hair hung as limp and straight as always.
No amount of styling ever made it look any better, just more contrived.
Makeup was the same way.
A touch here or there made me look marginally better, but I sincerely envied the girls who were skilled enough to transform their faces into something breathtaking after a session in the bathroom.
Mom wasn't any help.
Most days she didn't even put on mascara.
With the most depressing part of my routine now done, my mind wandered forward.
It seemed only a second later that I was on the bus.
I ignored the thought that Mom would be mad if she knew I'd skipped breakfast and hadn't brought any lunch.
I pulled out my old, unabridged copy of Les Misérables.
Every so often I'd try to make it through Victor Hugo's weighty classic, but so far I'd never made it past Marius' introduction.
Having just finished up Pride and Prejudice for the third time, I was once again due to try and make it through the written inspiration to some of my favorite music.
I hardly noticed the slow journey into town, instead caught up in a different time and place as Valjean's story started to unfold.
All too soon, the bus pulled up to a medium-sized, two-story brick building, and five kids my age stood up to leave.
I followed them, my heart beating a little faster with each step.
Other kids were trickling over to the door, either from one of the other two buses, or from the smattering of cars in the parking lot.
Before we'd even made it inside I'd realized just how much I stuck out.
Shorts seemed to be the order of the day, knee-length khakis for the boys, and everything from mid-thigh on up for the girls.
The only people in jeans seemed to be the debate-club types.
Silently groaning at my fashion faux pas, I located a sign pointing towards the office, and slipped around a couple of jocks who paused in their manly mock boxing match just long enough to check out the new girl.
I silently hoped they slipped and hit each other in the nose.
I wandered down the white-walled corridor until I found another sign and turned left.
There was a tall brunette already waiting, so I took a seat in one of the hard-plastic chairs.
The other girl had shorts on just like everyone else, but hers were the shortest I'd seen yet.
In Minnesota you could always pick out the alpha females by the length of their shorts, and this one seemed to think she was at the top of the food chain.
That or a complete slut, but with her tan skin and perfect wavy hair, I figured it was probably the former.
She didn't look like she had to put out to get attention.
Two minutes later, a smiling blond secretary came waddling out of what was probably the principal's office.
I spent the time wondering if I should try to make small talk; the gorgeous girl spent it staring out the window.
The secretary took in the two of us, frowned almost imperceptibly at the length of the shorts and then signed a form for the other girl.
Determined to at least try and make friends, I started to smile as she turned towards me on her way out, but the expression died as soon as I met her flat green eyes.
My heart immediately started to race, but she was already gone, moving with grace and confidence out of the suddenly too-small office.
I'd expected some degree of cliquishness from such a small-town, but this was bad.
I'd never seen her before, so there wasn't any way it could be some kind of misunderstanding.
The secretary smoothed her blouse down over an ample stomach and smiled at me.
I told myself I was just imagining that the smile never reached her eyes.
She seemed to know who I was, and after identifying herself as Mrs. Pendely, proceeded to quiz me about which classes I'd been in at my last school.
She stumbled a bit when I told her I hadn't enrolled in classes before moving.
I didn't offer any additional information, so she tried to defuse the awkwardness by asking about electives.
I answered numbly, picking out classes nearly at random.
I already knew a school this size wouldn't have anything truly interesting.
I'd never been willing to dedicate the time required to learn a musical instrument.
I've always been passable at drawing scenery, but anything more complicated than a stick figure gives me fits, so art was out too.
Unless possibly the teacher liked Neolithic cave drawings.
By the time I surfaced from my musings, Mrs. Pendely had printed my schedule out on an ancient piece of machinery, handed me a map of the school and a locker assignment, and then dashed off a handwritten note to my first teacher.
I somehow found my first class before the bell rang.
Mrs. Sorenson, my biology teacher, was a skinny old woman with curly white hair that looked like Greek paintings of Medusa.
She made me introduce myself to the class and then let me slink over to my assigned seat.
I left the class even more depressed than I'd been when I woke up.
I'd kind of known I'd have an incredible amount of material to catch up on from the first part of the semester.
I hadn't anticipated that every other student was going to spend the class carefully ignoring me.
I'd never really fit in, but this was unbelievable.
New students could always count on someone to offer to be their friends.
I'd seen it a dozen times before as people had moved in.
The really attractive people got drawn into the popular circles, less cool people were offered a place with the punks, the nerds, or at least with the drug users, who didn't care as much what you looked or acted like as long as you were hooked on something illegal.
I knew I had serious problems, but I didn't think they were obvious to everyone that looked at me.
English was next, and odds were it would be a nearly exact repeat of Biology, possibly minus the awkward introduction.
The thin, distinguished looking teacher absently accepted my proffered form, starting a little when I didn't leave.
"Right then, I suppose you need a signature?"
The accent was so British I half-wanted to ask him how he ended up in Sanctuary.
I nodded, scanning his desk while I waited.
Whethers, Mr. Whethers.
"Right then, I believe there is a vacancy next to Ms. Samuels in the back."
People were still trickling into the room, so at least I was spared the full gantlet, but the few gazes I met were still unfriendly until I reached the last table.
The skinny-ish blond girl already at the table smiled at me as I sat down.
"Hi, I'm Britney."
I didn't know what to make of her.
She looked like the type who was always on the fringe of the popular crowd.
She was the girl who was the first to follow whatever fad happened to be in, and the first to turn on someone if it would make her just a tad more acceptable to her peers.
I mumbled a response, something that wasn't rude, but which couldn't be mistaken as pleading for friendship.
Those kinds of girls loved to laugh at the 'poor, desperate, friendless' types behind our backs.
"You must be Adri Paige.
I hope people haven't been too terrible to you."
"Adriana."
I spent too much time correcting my mom.
It came out a little rude.
I would have tried to smooth things over but I was too busy trying to brace myself against the panic attack I was sure was coming.
My vision swam for a moment, but all the practice compartmentalizing my mind seemed to be paying off.
I looked up.
Britney looked a little crestfallen.
She was probably deciding to ask for a different seat assignment after class.
"Sorry about that.
I don't really like it when people shorten my name.
Bad associations with nicknames and all that."
Britney's smile was only a pale imitation of the brilliant thing she'd flashed a few moments previously, but it signaled a willingness to try and make small talk at least.
"How did you know my name?"
"Oh, that's easy.
Sanctuary is the smallest town on the face of the world.
Anything out of the ordinary is instantly gossip fodder.
I'll bet half the town knew you and your mom had purchased the old Anderson house before the ink was dry on the mortgage.
The other half learned about it at church the next day."
I tried to smile, but I found it more than a little unnerving.
Big city life hadn't been so intrusive.
I hadn't even known my neighbors growing up.
In Minneapolis the people you lived next to and the people you associated with were always kept properly segregated.
I tuned back into what Britney was saying just in time to answer a question with something safely non-committal.
She didn't seem to need much in the way of responses to keep her talking.
Probably for hours if she could get away with it.
"I'm glad you feel the same.
You'd think they'd be a little more welcoming.
Instead it's like they go out of their way to make sure you know you don't really fit in.
We've been here a year, and I still can't get invited to any of the really cool parties."
I'd never been invited to any parties, let alone cool ones.
I'd never felt the lack too strongly, but I smiled and let Britney keep talking until Mr. Whethers realized it was time to start class.
I quickly gathered we'd be reading Wuthering Heights, a prospect that both elated and disappointed me.
After seeing how far behind I was already in Biology, it was nice to know we'd be working on something I'd already been through twice.
On the other hand I hadn't liked the novel the first time I'd read it, and when I'd gritted my teeth and sat down for a second attempt I'd found I liked it even less.
Maybe I just lacked the maturity to appreciate Bronte's so-called masterpiece, but I couldn't stand that her characters were almost all really nasty people.
I wondered what else we'd be reading.
I could always ask Britney, but the odds of her knowing anything useful seemed pretty slim.
When the bell finally released us from an analysis of Heathcliff's early depravity, Britney asked what my next class was.
She was elated to find we were both headed to Algebra.
As we trailed the other students out of the class, I wasn't so sure I was equally enthused.
Nobody had said anything to either of us.
It was starting to look like Britney was receiving just as much of a cold shoulder as I was.
And she'd been here an entire year.
It was bad enough not fitting in because you preferred your own company over that of your peers.
It sucked a lot more when you didn't have a choice.
I tried to amuse myself by people-watching with the half of my mind that wasn't paying attention to Britney's chatter as we went back to our lockers.
We passed one of those gorgeous, skinny redheads who always look good without looking like they spent much time in front of the mirror, then Britney exchanged smiles with a couple of artificial blondes.
I'd seen the type before in Minnesota, girls who have a perfectly acceptable figure, but who throw money into their wardrobes, makeovers and accessories in an effort to achieve the cutting-edge look, when they'd be much better off just picking outfits that didn't try to compete with the anorexic-looking beauty queens.
A surprisingly adorable-looking nerd in jeans and a tee-shirt ducked out of our way, and I felt a pang of sympathy.
He was the kind of boy Mom pointed out when she surfaced from one of her projects.
She hadn't ever managed to really pique my interest in any boy, but I could see how a few years from now, he'd probably be fairly popular among college girls.
Britney stopped before one of the top lockers and started spinning the tumbler.
She was still relating some story about her old school, but suddenly I couldn't hear a word.
The crowd of students had drifted to the sides of the hall, like worshipers making way for a pair of pagan gods.
Even so, there still wasn't quite room for them to walk side by side.
The girl was leading.
Her dark, wavy hair and flawless skin would've made her pretty in any crowd, but she also had perfectly symmetrical features and one of those bodies that required hours each day in the gym to maintain.
I wanted to hate her.
It didn't make any sense, she could hardly be blamed for taking care of herself, but it just didn't seem fair.
Simply by being in the same town as us, she automatically made every other girl in school feel like bloated, heifers.
Surely she was somehow cheating to be doing so well in the subtle, nasty game in which every high-school girl ranked herself against every other female.
I probably would've spent the rest of the day depressed, but once she was out of my line of sight I was able to see the boy following her.
He was incredible.
Just looking at him drove every other thought out of my mind.
If the girl who'd just walked by me without acknowledging the existence of any of us lesser beings was every boy's ideal physical specimen, the boy was every girl's dream.
A gorgeous fantasy breathed into life by some merciful goddess, one who wanted to give us each a glimpse of what awaited good little girls in the afterlife.
Skin that was a gorgeous shade of tan, not at all artificial-looking, disappeared into the collar of a thin, light-blue button-down shirt.
The cut of his clothing hinted at designer origins, but the garment was mostly notable for the way it stretched over a pair of broad shoulders that looked like they'd been chiseled from marble, or possibly cast in bronze.
My eyes made it as far as the equally impressive chest before I forced them upwards.
Anyone built like that should be ugly to keep things in balance.
Not him.
His square jaw and even features were nothing less than perfection.
If he ever chose to model, the editors of every major fashion magazine would have pulled out all the stops to land the contract for his debut appearance.
The whole issue would have to be pictures of him though.
No amount of airbrushing would suffice to allow other men to ever share the same magazine with him.
I expected to begin hyperventilating any second, but my lungs seemed frozen.
My body should have been screaming for oxygen.
Instead every part of me was screaming for more of that divine face.
He'd been looking to his left; I pried my gaze away from his profile just long enough to take in a casual tangle of dark, curly hair, and then he was turning towards me.
Vague, traitorous hopes that the other side of his face was marred with a birthmark, or a series of ghastly scars evaporated away as I took in eyes just a few shades darker than the blue of his shirt.
Somewhere a cosmic force was trying to fix a pair of large, intangible scales.
Scales that'd been twisted into a mangled mess and then torn into two pieces.
I'd expected the shallow, narcissistic eyes of a runway model.
Instead, the eyes that connected with mine hinted at depths I'd never even imagined existed.
My lips, acting of their own volition, started to pull back in a tentative smile, but before they could complete the action, the heart-wrenching eyes narrowed.
The emotions swooping across the surreal face were too quick to identify, but the way he turned slightly away as he passed all but proved they'd been a close cousin to distaste.
Chapter 3 For a moment I was too busy mentally flogging myself to hear Britney's question.
"Have you been to Vegas yet?"
"No, we just got here last night."
And I'd been too busy making doe eyes at gorgeous boys who were completely out of my league to do anything like take a shopping trip.
Britney perked up at my answer.
"We so have to go down there soon.
It's the only place within an hour and a half where you can do any decent shopping."
Normally the prospect of driving for hours to watch someone else spend money I didn't have, sounded roughly as appealing as laying out naked at the pool until I had second-degree burns on my whole body.
Then again, maybe burns wouldn't be so bad if they let me disappear into the anonymity of a large crowd in an actual city rather than dealing with hick hostility.
"That sounds great; I can't wait to get out of this stupid town."
A couple of people started a bit, and I heard a locker slam shut with surprising force.
The eavesdroppers were predictably pissed I was dissing their home, but I didn't care.
It served them right.
Don't listen in if you aren't prepared to hear something you won't like.
As long as my comments hadn't offended my new pseudo-friend, I was just fine.
Britney laughed.
"You said it.
There is so nothing to do here.
You can't even go hiking anymore..." I'd already realized Britney wasn't the type to think twice before words actually left her mouth.
Curious.
"What do you mean we can't go hiking?"
She was looking around at the other students.
"Nothing, come on.
We're going to be late for class."
I followed without a word, even more intrigued now.
'Cool' people don't sweat tardiness and Britney really wanted to be cool.
A slender, frumpy-looking woman looked up from her desk as Britney and I walked in.
I held up my form, which she took without reading it.
"No doubt something to ensure I know you're my newest student.
Sit over there where you won't distract Britney from just how poorly she's doing in my class.
There's an extra book on the shelves in the back."
Britney rolled her eyes as she went to her assigned desk, but I suspected she was actually relieved we'd been split up.
Mrs. Campbell didn't seem like the kind of teacher you could get away with ignoring, so I retrieved an algebra book from the back of the room and sat at my desk.
Any thoughts about finding out why hiking was off limits quickly melted away once class started.
Math had never been my favorite subject.
I'd always managed to pull A's or at least A-'s, but hated all of the little nitpicky rules.
Unfortunately, after missing a whole month of classes, I was at least as bad off in Algebra as I was in Biology.
Mrs. Campbell was solving problems with so many variables in them it was like watching alphabet soup spontaneously re-arrange itself on her overhead projector.
Not only that, things were being squared and cubed, an operation with which I had only passing familiarity.
I struggled valiantly to understand what was going on.
I got the sense the operations being applied to the formulas were being explained very well, I just didn't have the vocabulary to follow what she was saying.
By the time class finally ended I was fighting not to become emotional.
The fact that Britney looked for a moment like she was debating whether or not to wait for me before finally stopping next to the door with her arms crossed, didn't help.
I threw my book and binder into my backpack and tromped up to the front of the classroom.
Mrs. Campbell looked up when I reached her desk.
"Here's your form, among other things."
I verified that the top sheet had her signature on it, and then turned to go.
She didn't let me get very far.
"From your bewildered expression during class it appears you aren't transferring in from another school.
I expect most of your other teachers are just letting you pick up from where they are now.
I'm afraid this class builds on itself, so I'll be testing you on everything we've covered in the past month.
I'm sure you've got a full class load, but we haven't gotten into anything truly difficult yet.
The sooner we get you caught up, the better off you'll be.
Shall we say a month from today?"
The prospect of trying to catch up, all the while needing to master new material and deal with a full schedule of other classes, was too much.
I felt tears rising to the surface even as my heartbeat sped up to near-panic attack levels.
That was the last thing I needed, but I could only fight off so many worries at once, and I was quickly approaching my limits.
"Now don't come unglued on me.
The school has set aside some discretionary funds for a math tutoring lab after school every day.
We're not fully staffed yet, but if you swing by we should be able to help clear up any questions you might have.
You'll have to do the majority of the work.
I expect you to actually read your math book, but if you give it an honest effort I'm sure you'll be just fine."
That helped a little.
It was still a daunting prospect, but knowing I had somewhere to turn for help comforted me more than I would have expected.
I mustered a half-hearted grin and followed Britney out into the hall.
"She's a complete monster.
None of the other teachers are nearly as strict as Campbell.
Making you catch up on all that homework is ridiculous."
My silence seemed to leave my new friend at a loss for words.
I guess she was used to people agreeing with everything she said.
I didn't like to lie though, so when I didn't agree with someone I tended not to say anything.
I guess I didn't think my new task was as unreasonable as it'd first appeared?
"On the plus side, at least we'll both be at the math lab together.
I've had to spend an hour there every evening since Dad found out I had the class low on the first test.
Stupid Internet.
I can't believe they give our parents an account where they can see how we do on every test."
Britney had my sympathy there.
Nobody liked their parents knowing too much about their school life, academic or otherwise.
"Wow, they talked about doing that at my last school, but I wouldn't have expected a town this small to have something like that implemented."
We dropped our books off and started towards the cafeteria.
Being back at my locker, back where I'd seen Mr. Gorgeous, made me wonder about him.
Britney had to ask me a question twice before I realized she'd been talking.
"Sorry, I was thinking about something."
"Hmm, what distracted you?"
I debated dodging the question, but it was normal to talk about boys.
"There was a guy and a girl who walked by earlier when we were at your locker."
A knowing look flashed across Britney's face.
"Oh, their royal highnesses Alec and Jasmin.
They're pretty distracting all right, but don't waste your time.
They'll never waste a thought on you or me, or pretty much anyone."
The way she said their names implied they were a couple.
Even if they weren't, she was probably right about not getting my hopes up.
Especially considering the way Alec had looked at me there at the end.
Despite my best efforts the question still slipped out.
"They're together then?"
Britney smirked.
"You really are masochistic, aren't you?
That's the rumor.
Nobody really seems to know, at least nobody who's talking, but they're almost always together.
You really shouldn't go there; he's brutal when it comes to breaking girls' hearts."
There was a story there, but I wasn't about to ask now and expose myself to further ridicule.
Britney was oddly quiet as we entered the lunch room.
I was a little hungry, but the pangs were a distant kind of discomfort.
The real suffering for not eating wouldn't come into play until we hit the tutoring lab.
Oh well, when I got home ravenous and ate a decent-sized meal Mom would probably be ecstatic.
Or too wrapped up in some project to even notice.
It was hard enough anticipating what I was going to do from day to day.
Trying to figure Mom out was truly futile.
Being held up by Mrs. Campbell at least had one advantage; the line for Britney to get food was nearly non-existent.
Britney was talking again, but it was still the kinds of things I could respond to with half my attention.
I took the opportunity to get a good look at the cafeteria.
It was incredibly small.
It was probably on its second generation of students, but looked pretty good still.
The linoleum floor was faded, but still relatively clean, and the white paint on the walls was conspicuously free of tags and gang signs.
The students even seemed to be mingling fairly easily with each other.
I actually kind of missed the feel of armed camps.
My school hadn't been bad compared to some stories I'd heard from California, but there'd still been some kids beaten pretty severely for crossing the wrong group of wannabe gang members.
Britney had a piece of pizza, and looked like she was eyeing a piece of cake until she noticed I was trailing along behind her without a tray of my own.
She actually sighed as she passed the cake.
The urge to giggle was so strong I uncapped my water bottle and turned slightly to the side in an attempt to disguise my amusement.
It was one of those moments I'd try to reconstruct in my head again and again.
I think I must have heard the cash register till close, or maybe Britney said something.
Whatever the reason, I took a step in her direction while still looking away, my bottle half raised, and ran into the biggest junior I'd ever seen.
My clumsiness would've been embarrassing enough all by itself.
Unfortunately my mostly-full bottle of water splashed all over both of us.
I felt my cheeks go hot.
Britney gasped and giggled.
I silently told myself things were as bad as they were going to get.
I was wrong.
The boy wasn't as cute as Alec, but he was so close I could hear those cosmic scales being melted down into something useless again.
Paperweights maybe.
I didn't want to see the mess my water had made of his shirt, so I started at the top and worked my way down.
I'd seen better hair in a couple of fashion magazines, but not very many.
Casually windswept, straight blond hair had become iconic sometime in the last few years, and this boy either spent an hour on his hair each morning, or the wind in Utah was kinder and gentler than the wind in Minnesota.
Kinder, and currently working on its cosmetology license.
His skin was exquisitely tanned, lighter than Jasmin or Alec's, but exactly suited to his lighter hair tone.
Friendly gray eyes perfectly spaced above some of the most natural looking white teeth I'd ever seen.
My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.
Gritting my teeth slightly I let my gaze continue on down to assess the damage, only I couldn't.
I could see the wet spots on the shirt.
My mind was classifying it as a dark green polo with some kind of designer insignia but I couldn't see anything other than how huge he was.
I'd seen linemen on high-school football teams whose shoulders weren't as broad even with their pads on.
The shirt was snug enough to see that the rest of him was built along the same lines.
No wonder I'd bounced right off of him, a small car would've probably done about the same thing.
My blush deepened slightly as I realized I was wondering what it would feel like to have those arms wrapped around me.
I jerked my gaze back up to the handsome face just in time to see the expression settle into a genuine smile.
"I'm so sorry.
I should have been watching..." He gently cut me off with a gesture.
"No, please.
It was entirely my fault.
I shouldn't have tried to squeeze past you like that."
The smile was still there.
That had to be a good sign.
Usually when people said something nice and didn't mean it their smiles only lasted as long as they were speaking.
I tried a tentative smile in return and his widened slightly.
"I'm Brandon."
Feeling more than a little nervous, I allowed him to capture my right hand in his.
"I'm Adr...Adriana."
Our handshake had ended, but my hand was tingling slightly.
It was a pleasant, if illusionary, reminder of the contact, one I was hoping would last for about the next three days.
"You must be the poor soul who's got everyone buzzing with curiosity."
Brandon reached into the tall, glass-fronted fridge next to the cashier while he was talking, and pulled out a bottle of water and one of those aggressively-colored energy drinks.
He slipped some money to the cashier while I was still trying to come up with a response that didn't sound stupid.
"Um, yeah.
We just got into town last night."
He handed me the bottle of water.
"Well I hope you'll like it here."
"Wait, what's this for?"
The grin was back, and his teeth were still perfect.
"I just made you spill yours, it's only fair."
Brandon nodded at Britney, who stood there with her mouth slightly open, as he walked away.
After a second or two of both of us staring blankly after Brandon, Britney grabbed me by the hand, the one holding the new, unopened water bottle, and pulled me over to a table in the corner.
"Oh my gosh, you just poured water all over Brandon Worthingfield the Third.
And then he talked to you.
This is so incredible."
I more or less fell into my seat, staring at my new bottle of water as Britney's chatter poured over me.
It was pointless to try and pay attention to anything she was saying.
It was all I could do to remember to nod when she paused and looked at me expectantly.
Lunch passed all too quickly.
Before I knew it we were back at Britney's locker and she was promising to give me a ride home from school after Spanish.
History was about as dry as I'd expected, which was really too bad.
I'd had a good history teacher in junior high, and it was an incredibly interesting subject when taught right.
Unfortunately Mr. Simms was possibly the worst teacher I'd ever had.
I mentally shrugged when we were told to open our books and read the chapter to ourselves.
At least I wouldn't have any worries when it came to catching up in this class.
Thoughts of Brandon made it hard to really get into the chapter.
Also, it was hard not to notice the borderline hostile stares from the other kids.
I sighed in relief when the bell rang, and pulled out my schedule and map to see where I'd be going next.
Physics?
I mentally reviewed my conversation with the secretary, but couldn't remember either of us mentioning the class.
As if trying to catch up in Algebra wasn't going to be bad enough, I was going to face the same kind of problem in physics.
Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.
The class was in a section of the building I hadn't been to yet, one apparently older than the rest of the building.
The lights were spaced further apart and the cinder blocks in the walls were a slightly different size.
Good thing I still had my water.
The old part of the school was just as hot as the rest.
You'd think functioning air-conditioning would be a necessity for a school so far south.
At least it should cool down a little in the coming months.
Assuming of course I lasted that long without losing it from dealing with all of the crazy small-town people in this school.
I entered the classroom and was immediately greeted by a portly, white-haired woman.
"Hello, hello.
My name is Mrs. Alexander, and you must be Adri.
Oh, not Adri?
Very good then, Adriana it is."
I watched bemusedly as Mrs. Alexander searched through her pockets for something to write with for at least half a minute before realizing she'd placed her pen behind her ear.
The form now signed, the pen went back behind her ear for safekeeping, and she motioned me to a seat, predictably at the back of the classroom.
As I negotiated the crooked path between desks, I found myself looking forward to the class.
Right up until Alec slipped into the classroom a few seconds before the bell rang.
If there'd been any justice in the universe, he'd have somehow gotten uglier over the last few hours.
That or I'd have developed some kind of partial immunity to him.
Neither was the case, he was just as unearthly gorgeous as he'd been in the hall.
The sight of him was almost overwhelming.
As he slipped into a desk an aisle away from me, I tried to breathe deeply and slowly in a futile effort to calm my racing heart.
It helped a little when he slid the desk back a few feet.
As long as I watched Mrs. Alexander I couldn't see Alec anymore.
It seemed like I could still feel him though.
The right side of my body hummed and tingled, almost imperceptibly, telling me he was there.
I did my best to ignore the sensation, concentrating on the pictures rapidly forming on the ancient blackboard as Mrs. Alexander diagrammed the conceptual model of a wave, and started dissecting the various parts.
Crest, trough, period, amplitude.
None of it was hard to understand, not particularly interesting, but still a welcome distraction.
After what seemed like an eternity, Mrs. Alexander placed the piece of chalk she was using behind her other ear and smiled at the class.
"Okay, that's your introduction to light.
Form up into your usual groups and take a project summary; you'll be working on this for the next few days."
I joined the class in filing past the teacher's desk, and then watched as everyone started moving desks around.
Mrs. Alexander saw me walking hesitantly back to my desk, and intercepted me before I could get there.
"Miss Paige, you'll have the good luck of working with Mr.
Graves."
It wasn't until Alec looked up, annoyance clearly evident on his handsome face, that I realized I was supposed to work with him.
It was yet another sign of rejection in a day that'd been largely filled with everything but acceptance.
It shouldn't have bothered me, not considering how poorly I'd always fit in; but whether because of his good looks, or for some other unrelated reason, I found myself wanting Alec's approval.
My breathing started coming faster, exceeded only by the pace of my heart.
Apparently I wasn't the only one who could tell that working with me wasn't what the school's resident rock star had in mind.
There was a scattered chorus of badly stifled giggles off to the front of the class.
Not the normal kind people use when they're amused, but the high-pitched ones girls use to embarrass each other.
Alec's face unexpectedly softened for a moment, his expression still unwelcoming, but now mixed with a trace of something else.
While I was busy trying to understand the sudden change, Mrs. Alexander looked at the front of the class with a frown on her face for a moment.
I suddenly realized that she knew the difference between the two kinds of giggles.
That was unusual in someone so old.
The younger teachers usually kept the girls from being too awful to each other, but the old guard didn't really catch the subtle differences high-school girls used to emotionally traumatize each other.
Her kindly face taking on a stern cast, Mrs. Alexander turned back to Alec.
"I'm sure you'll enjoy working with Miss Paige, Alec.
After all, you can't really expect to do everything by yourself.
Occasionally a helping hand is exactly what's called for."
The words reached inside me, pulling on something that was already bleeding, tearing it further.
The classroom rocked back and forth at the same time my legs lost the ability to support my weight.
Alec lunged toward me, moving incredibly quickly as my mind spun away back to our kitchen table.
I was fourteen and trying to understand geometry proofs.
Mom had given up trying to help me with homework about the time I turned twelve, so she kept telling me to just read the book and figure out what they were doing in the examples.
By the time Dad got home from work tears were streaming down my face and I couldn't even see the diagrams anymore.
"I can't do it, Dad.
Missy Jeffrys already did the entire assignment before we even got out of class, and I can't even figure out one problem.
I'm not good enough; I'm never good enough."
Rough fingers had appeared from outside my peripheral vision, gently smoothing away tears.
"Come on honey, you really can't expect to do everything by yourself.
Let's take a break for dinner, and then I'll help you."
He'd forestalled my next excuse as if reading my mind.
"There isn't anything wrong with letting someone help you.
Sometimes a helping hand is exactly what's called for."
The memory had a vividness that'd been lacking lately.
It was the same aching realism that'd devoured nearly a month of my existence before I finally decided I had to try and go on with my life, for Mom's sake if for no other reason.
I panicked when I realized just how badly I wanted to slip back into that twilight world where nothing hurt, where it didn't matter if people liked me or not.
The one where I still had all three of the most important people in my world.
The fear that I'd give in, that I'd end up in a hospital during the day or two it took Mom to realize I hadn't made it home from school, pulled me back sooner than normal.
For a second my mind inhabited a body that wouldn't obey any of the normal commands.
Fear snaked out from my center when my eyes wouldn't open, but before my heart could really start accelerating, my eyelids started functioning again.
The desks on the route between Alec and I were lying haphazardly on their sides, but there wasn't any sign of Alec.
Mrs. Alexander was looking down at me, concern etched into her features, and the beginnings of a crowd was starting to form as the rest of the students came over to look at the freak.
Only something wasn't right.
They weren't towering enough.
When you pass out on a regular basis, you get used to finding yourself on the floor surrounded by concerned-looking people, but none of these people were looming properly.
Everyone else having somehow gotten too short suddenly wasn't as important.
The room was still swinging around, only now it wasn't moving, I was.
A pair of muscular arms encircled my tingling waist and legs, holding me tightly to a near rock-hard chest as Alec deftly weaved through the approaching crowd of students.
I closed my eyes as a wave of heat started at my collarbones and rushed up to the tips of my ears.
I wanted to throw up, except that would be even more embarrassing than being carried out of class by the most popular boy in school.
I opened my eyes and found we were already out in the hall.
Alec's stride was so smooth it was hard to believe we weren't still back in the classroom.
"Put me down, I mean please put me down."
Those clear, deep eyes met mine for a second, seeming to look past the surface and all the way down to the bleeding mental gash that'd just triggered my most recent collapse.
I was trying to marshal my arguments, but his eyes wiped my mind clean.
I couldn't form another coherent thought until he shook his head and looked away.
"You need to see the nurse."
My mind hiccupped for a second.
There should be some kind of law requiring him to hide those things.
Sunglasses, or maybe a blindfold.
"I'm fine.
That wasn't anything; it didn't mean anything.
Please put me down."
I tried to put the right amounts of sincerity and confidence in my words, but I wasn't a very good liar.
Something changed though because Alec slowed his ground-eating stride.
"What do you mean you're fine?
People don't just collapse with no warning.
You seemed fine and then you were falling.
You s...you seemed hurt."
I shook my head gingerly, surprised when I didn't feel the twinge I knew was coming.
The attack had been more sudden than usual and nobody had been close enough to catch me.
In those circumstances experience had shown that I led with my head.
"It was just the heat here.
I'm not used to it.
Now please put me down."
Alec looked at me doubtfully, then took a deep, no doubt calming breath, and shrugged.
The movement seemed too casual, almost as if he was angry, but trying to hide it.
I wanted to try and make eye contact to test my hypothesis, but was afraid of what I'd see.
The tingling was spreading, no doubt a bad sign.
Maybe I'd hit my head even harder than I thought.
"It was all just a game for you, wasn't it?"
There was anger behind the voice now, subtle, like the scent of rain the night before a storm, but definitely there.
I started to bristle; I even took a breath to explain what'd really happened.
Only the truth wasn't any better than the story he'd fabricated.
It was worse even.
I'd much rather this cocky, spoiled, rich boy be mad at me than feel pity.
I'd had enough pity from my mom to last years.
"You bet.
Think they bought it?"
I tried to inject the proper amount of blonde stupidity into my words, but wasn't sure it worked until I felt Alec's arms tighten almost painfully around me.
I gasped, and he set me down so quickly I almost fell over.
Before I'd even regained my balance, he was walking away, moving so quickly I would've needed to run to keep up.
Even so, he hadn't turned away quick enough to hide the complete disdain in his expression.
I suddenly found myself wishing I'd told him the truth rather than making him think I was stupid and manipulative.
It was too late.
He was already out of sight, and by now his opinion of me was fixed.
Chapter 4 School hadn't gotten any worse after I'd convinced the hottest boy on the planet that I was a complete waste of oxygen, but it hadn't gotten any better either.
Mrs. Tiggs, my Spanish teacher, had seemed every bit as mean as my Biology teacher from earlier in the day, and it had been a relief when Britney had finally dropped me off at home.
I watched Britney's little white Saturn disappear down the lane with a complex set of feelings that included a bit of loneliness and more than a little relief.
After a minute or two spent staring off into space, I finally decided the discomfort in my stomach was sharp enough to justify the effort of eating.
Given the ridiculous heat, studying was the last thing I wanted to do, but there wasn't really anything else to do so I changed into cooler clothes and made the best of it.
Three hours later my brain felt like it was going to run out of my nose, so I wandered upstairs.
It was still too hot for comfort in my room, but unpacking in the heat was better than facing the math problems waiting for me downstairs.
We'd partially unpacked things to get my bedspread out, so everything else went pretty quickly.
My room wasn't particularly large, but someone had put a long shelf around the top of the room, and the closet had more storage space than my room back home.
My meager belongings quickly found new homes.
I looked one last time at the box holding my clothes, and then sighed and shoved it under the bed.
My unpacking was all done, which meant I had to go back to my homework.
At least now I could listen to my music while I studied.
Fifteen minutes later I was safely ensconced in my room listening to the London Cast version of Les Misérables as I tried to work through my backlog of Algebra assignments.
When I finally surfaced from orders of operation as the sun started setting, I was pleasantly surprised things had gone so well.
As masochistic as it sounded, I actually enjoyed settling down with a set of academic problems, and working my way through them.
Sometimes I entered a Zen-like state where everything else in the world just dropped away.
It was nice to know the accident hadn't changed that at least.
My heart stuttered a little, but I wrenched my thoughts away from where they'd been headed, distracting myself by wondering where Mom was.
She'd been a little flighty before, but now it wasn't uncommon for her to be gone for twenty-four hours at a stretch.
In some ways it was hard not having her around, but in other ways it was a relief.
Sometimes she reminded me too much of Dad and Cindi.
A surge of guilt splashed around inside me at the thought, but it was a realization I'd made weeks ago.
By now some of the sharper edges to the emotion had worn away.
I shrugged, dropping my book and binder on the floor next to my bed.
Dwelling on the guilt would just make me think about why I felt guilty in the first place.
I'd find myself on the floor with no memory of how I'd gotten there.
By the time I'd brushed my teeth and finished the rest of my nightly ritual, my mind was wholly in the present, and I was starting to get a little depressed.
I'd never particularly fit in back home, but there'd been enough other people in various fringe groups that I'd always felt like I had somewhere to go if I ever wanted more friends.
I would've had to play a role to a certain extent, which was why I'd never made the effort, but the option had always been there.
It didn't look like that'd be a possibility in Sanctuary.
In an entire day I'd had exactly one person try and befriend me.
As much as I appreciated the effort, I couldn't shake the feeling Britney was befriending me mostly because she didn't have any other options.
With Mom becoming less dependable by the day, I was in for a miserable, lonely two years until I could graduate and escape to a big city.
Hopefully there I could safely find a niche among the other quasi-loners who didn't fit in anywhere else.
As I turned my light out and got into bed I realized there'd been one bright spot to the day.
Brandon Worthingfield III might not really be interested in me, but he was obviously at the top of the social food chain, and he'd already shown me way more attention than any of the boys back home ever had.
Maybe there was some hope after all.
** I was lost, not just in the sense of not knowing where I was, but because I'd never been anywhere even remotely like this.
The breeze was louder than any I'd ever heard before, and was laden with an unimaginable host of scents.
It took me several seconds to sort through things enough to realize I was smelling things I didn't even have a name for.
After several seconds of trying to catalog the most delightful of my new discoveries, I realized I'd had my eyes closed since I'd gotten here, possibly an unconscious defense mechanism meant to protect me from sensory overload.
The distant sound of water trickling down a rock face, of leaves gently caressing each other in the breeze faded away as I took in an amazing wonderland of light.
The trees I'd been listening to were exactly where I expected them to be, but it took me several heartbeats to recognize them.
Gone were the sturdy, brown behemoths I'd spent so much time climbing with Cindi.
Instead, pillars of soft light reached up to the sky, swaying slowly back and forth with the wind, creaking in a rhythm I'd known by heart since I was seven.
I felt tears collecting in the corners of my eyes as I reached out and touched the nearest tree.
It was as if the world I'd known my entire life had been simply a moldy cover designed to hide the true nature of my surroundings.
Now the mask was gone and I was immersed in vivid colors, living lights, and a sense of harmony so strong it nearly overwhelmed me.
It was impossible to say for certain how long I sat looking at the gentle motion of the tree branches, marveling at the way things made up of light could still cast shadows when silhouetted by the harsher light of the sun.
Only somehow the sun had disappeared, replaced by the paler, colder light of the moon.
The trees were still graceful strands of light, but the breeze had changed to a harsh thing, one carrying new scents that somehow represented danger.
Something inside me forced my limbs into motion.
I was running before the first howl tore through the night.
I was moving unimaginably fast, jumping fallen trees and bounding over other obstacles which even my improved vision struggled to make out in time for me to avoid them.
The speed of my passage wrung tears from my eyes, but I didn't dare slow.
They were back there, four of them moving with speed only slightly less than my own, noses to the ground to follow my scent, save for the moments in which they let loose their unearthly howls.
A flicker of motion up ahead should have made me pull up in fear, but the smell accompanying it was somehow familiar, somehow safe.
I knew if I could reach the shadowy person I'd been unconsciously following, I'd be safe, but he was so incredibly fast and my pursuers were gaining.
** The sound of my alarm pulled me out of a whole series of nightmares in which I was running from unknown menaces.
Each had been terrifying, but none as vivid as the first.
Bad dreams had become a frequent companion since the accident.
It'd become nearly passé to wake up emotionally exhausted from what should have been a restful night, but these dreams had been different.
I'd played out nearly every possible combination of events since the accident.
Dreams where I was the one driving instead of Cindi.
Dreams where I got a ride home with someone so Dad and Cindi didn't have any reason to be on the road.
Dreams where I was in the truck that killed them, even dreams where I was in the back seat as a passenger at the moment of impact.
I was used to awaking shaking and scared countless times during the course of a night, but I'd never felt that level of pure, bestial fear.
I stumbled into the bathroom and flipped on the light, only to groan at how ghastly I looked.
I was even paler than normal, with dark circles under my eyes that only a crack addict could possibly find attractive.
A hot shower did a little to make me more presentable, I tried to hide the shadows with some makeup, and then finally gave up after botching the second application, and just put on some mascara and eyeliner.
The mundane process of getting ready for the day wore away some of the edge to my nightmare.
It was already starting to seem more like a normal, safe dream.
I put on jeans and a button-up shirt, and then all but stumbled downstairs with my backpack in hand.
Sometime during the night Mom had put our message board up on the fridge.
Went shopping, food in the fridge, don't forget breakfast and lunch.
See you tonight after school.
Love you.
--Mom I shook my head resignedly; you'd think the message would have changed at least a little over the last few weeks, but it was still pretty much the same.
'Don't forget to eat, I'll be back later, but it might be a couple of days.'
I was tempted to just ignore the message, but that'd just make her testy at some point.
It made her feel like a poor mom if we went too long without some kind of communication.
Have to stay late for math tutoring.
A friend will bring me home.
--A.
Signing my notes with an initial still felt a little like a stroke of brilliance.
Writing out Adriana was a pain, but for obvious reasons I couldn't use the shortened version of my name.
I glanced down at my watch and saw it was nearly time for Britney to show up.
With a sigh I opened up the fridge and pulled out one of the trendy, meal-in-a-bottle drinks Mom had started getting lately.
I didn't particularly like them, but it would keep until I was actually hungry, and Mom would count the bottles as a way of determining how many meals I was missing.
I thought about taking a second bottle, but they were too expensive to pour down a sink, and I knew I wouldn't be hungry enough to finish up the first, let alone a second meal.
The tinny blare of a car horn pulled me out the front door.
Britney was waiting outside with her heater going full blast.
I was surprised at how cold it was with the sun still struggling to get above the mountains.
Of course it wasn't cold enough for me to need a heater, but I also wasn't wearing Britney's shorts, which looked like they were even shorter than the ones she'd worn the day before.
It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.
Of course it also stopped me from digging further into the mystery of why it was so dangerous to hike.
That particular question would probably have to wait at least until lunch.
Mrs. Sorenson looked up as I walked into a nearly empty class, but I was on time, even if only barely.
I'd heard of teachers taking an instant dislike to one of their students, but I'd never experienced it first hand until now.
I fielded two questions on the role of phosphorus in photosynthesis before being hit with a third one I couldn't answer.
I felt my ears go hot as the three other girls in the classroom giggled.
I slunk out of class as soon as the bell rang.
English went better.
Mr. Whethers got the class involved in a discussion of Heathcliff's motivations, which kept everyone occupied for the full class time, and distracted me from what was likely to happen when Britney and I got to algebra.
As we walked back to our lockers between classes, I noticed that the halls seemed strangely empty.
Britney rolled her eyes when I asked why.
"Of course nobody's here.
Tonight's the full moon, and there was a monster party last night.
There'll be another tonight and then again tomorrow."
I felt my eyes go big.
"You mean to tell me that seventy percent of the school parties for three nights running every month?"
Britney nodded.
"It's the only redeeming feature to this stupid little town, and I can't even go since the accident..." I could see her trying to figure out how to sidestep the issue, but I wasn't about to let her off the hook.
"Listen, if there's something dangerous around here don't you think I should know about it?"
She shifted uncomfortably from one foot to another, eyes glancing to each side of us in an effort to see who might overhear us.
"We can't talk about it here; you'll have to trust me.
Wait until lunch."
I wasn't entirely satisfied, but nodded, and followed her to algebra.
Mrs. Campbell shot us both a glance that didn't bode well for any attempt to get out of class without a stern reprimand, but allowed us to go to our respective seats without comment.
I pulled out the two assignments I'd done the night before, and passed them up with everyone else's homework.
Realizing the lecture wouldn't do me any good, I pulled out my book, and started reading the next section in my self-appointed study regimen.
Mrs. Campbell either understood what I was trying to accomplish, or was saving up all her venom for after class.
She didn't call on me even once.
Britney wasn't so lucky, and I caught a nasty look from her each time I surfaced from my textbook.
The glares angered me more than I'd expected.
I was having to catch up on a month's worth of assignments; she didn't have any right to get pissy just because she wasn't prepared.
The third time it happened, I stopped pretending not to notice and shot Britney a sugar-sweet look of my own.
She didn't quite seem to know how to take that and the rest of the class passed quickly.
All too soon, it was time to go up and talk to Mrs. Campbell.
I put off the ordeal as long as I could, waiting until everyone but Britney and I had exited the room.
Britney looked particularly unhappy.
Mrs. Campbell was looking at my homework when I reached her desk.
"I was prepared to tear into you for not going to the tutoring lab last night, but that hardly seems fair seeing as how you went ahead and did the work by yourself."
I felt a small glow of satisfaction flare into life, but her next words ensured it didn't get out of hand.
"Of course, you've got the right answers, and technically you're attacking the problems correctly, but you're leaving out a couple of steps that I think will give you problems a bit later on.
Please take my advice and spend a little bit of time at the math lab.
Even if you can't make it every day, you need to come in a few times a week."
"Yes, ma'am."
The scolding actually hadn't been that bad, almost like disguised praise.
Britney looked like she was hoping for something similar, but Mrs. Campbell's expression quickly dashed that idea.
"You on the other hand definitely need to spend every night at the math lab.
Your homework was incomplete, and of the problems you bothered to attempt, you didn't do a single one correctly.
Britney, you're headed towards a failing grade, and while you might not care, your father most certainly does.
Make my class a priority, or I'll stop in for a checkup and let slip just how poorly you're doing to dear old Dad, and then you'll find yourself riding the bus to school."
It was a vicious threat, but one almost guaranteed to have an effect.
Britney most definitely didn't want to be stuck riding the bus with all of the junior high kids and other assorted 'losers'.
Her mouth opened and closed several times and then she nodded and fled the classroom.
When I finally caught up with her she'd recovered enough to complain, but there was a breathless nature to her voice that told me she wouldn't be skipping the math lab for a little while.
I made non-committal noises as we waited in line, all the while scanning the cafeteria for two faces.
Actually, scanning wasn't the right word for it.
I just kind of looked that way and instantly found my eyes drawn to Brandon.
He was surrounded by people, mostly female, all attractive.
Taking in all of those lithe, tan bodies, I suddenly felt incredibly inferior.
All of the impending skin cancer deaths suddenly didn't seem quite so important.
I looked away before anyone could see me staring.
Britney was still looking longingly at a pile of fries.
When I looked up again Brandon was looking back at me with a smile that communicated all kinds of things I'd always thought you needed words for.
His expression seemed to say he was glad to see me, embarrassed to be the center of attention, and sorry he couldn't get away from his friends to come over and say hi.
I felt my face go hot with embarrassment.
I tried to step behind a pillar before he saw me go bright red, but knew I hadn't succeeded.
I bit my lip as I realized how spastic I was being.
I'd spent the last sixteen-plus years suppressing my natural tendency to form crushes on one cute boy after another.
I'd nearly perfected the art of exhibiting zero interest in the opposite sex.
The whole point of my existence had been avoiding the kinds of things that'd result in everyone laughing at me.
Why was I setting my sights on a boy who was so far out of my league?
Even if there'd been a chance he might like me, I had absolutely no idea how to proceed.
Given the option, I would've just hid behind the pillar until everyone left for class, but Britney had made her decision, and was paying for her food.
Essentially out of time, I took a deep breath and followed her to a table.
I couldn't help glancing towards Brandon's table one last time.
I was hoping he was still smiling.
Maybe he'd seen how awkward I was, but didn't mind.
Maybe he even thought it was endearing.
Failing that, I at least hoped he wasn't chuckling with his friends over the new girl's stupid infatuation.
He wasn't doing either, in fact, he seemed to be very much involved in a conversation with the stocky boy on his right.
The rest of the kids at the table were listening just as intensely, all except for the brunette on Brandon's left who was looking in our direction.
My face pulled back in a smile, I even brought my hand partway up in a wave before I realized I recognized her.
It was the trendy girl from the office, and she apparently still didn't like me.
I felt my face get even hotter, only now I was both angry and embarrassed.
It was a relief to sink down into a chair with my back to Brandon and his friends.
Strangely enough, Britney also being so obviously uncomfortable helped calm me down.
"Okay, out with it, why is this such a big deal?"
Britney shifted back and forth in her seat for a couple of seconds before leaning in to whisper.
"It really shouldn't be a big deal, but everyone around here acts like it's taboo.
Two hikers were killed by some kind of wild animal a few months ago."
I felt my heart skip a beat as a chill ran from the base of my spine all the way to my scalp.
Britney's innocuous words shouldn't have caused my mind to immediately sink back to the terror I'd felt this morning, but they did.
For a moment I couldn't focus on what Britney was saying, my heartbeat had become completely erratic from the surge of adrenaline flooding my body as it futilely tried to escape the nameless things that'd been snapping at my heels.
"...out in the south end of Zions.
It was Mark Childs and Lessi Arnolds.
The bodies were a couple of days old by the time search and rescue found them, but it was pretty obvious they'd been mauled by something."
I opened my mouth to interrupt, but my vocal chords weren't working.
Now that she'd finally broached the subject, Britney was unstoppable.
"It had to have been a mountain lion, there isn't anything else around here that's both aggressive and big enough to kill people, but neither of them had been gnawed on at all, which was strange enough by itself.
Everyone refusing to talk about it would've been enough to make it X-Files weird, but when the coroner threw such a fit, it entered a class of its own."
Britney looked around again to make sure nobody was in hearing range, and then leaned in even closer.
"He said the wounds weren't made by anything in the cat family.
He wrote up a whole paper on how the teeth marks were made by some kind of new, previously undiscovered predator."
The chills were back, and they'd redoubled in intensity.
It was like the howl from my dream was echoing through my soul.
"Did he say what it was like?
The predator, I mean."
Britney nodded slowly.
"Yeah, he thought it was somehow related to a wolf, but bigger and stronger, with claws like something out of a slasher movie.
He was causing such a stir in St. George they finally fired him.
They said he was sensationalizing the attack to get his fifteen minutes of fame.
Daddy tried to get access to the bodies, to provide a second opinion even though that isn't his real area of expertise, but they blocked him cold.
He thinks they were worried about scaring away the tourists.
They had to make the accident go away, to save the local economy."
My hands had gone cold despite the oppressive heat, just now hitting its full stride for the day.
You didn't hang around the fringe without running into plenty of people who were conspiracy theorists.
Discussing UFOs, Illuminati, and X-Files had been like air and water for some of the people I'd known back in Minneapolis.
I'd never given their wild theories a second thought before, but what Britney was describing sounded like a pretty convincing attempt at a cover-up.
I looked up as I realized Britney had fallen silent, only to realize with a start that a pair of tears were trickling down her face.
"Mark and Lessi were the only ones to really open up when I moved in.
Their great-grandparents were some of the first people to settle down here.
They used to tell me all kinds of crazy stories.
After they were killed nobody would really talk to me.
Everyone was polite, but it was like I was shut out, like they blamed me for what happened."
Britney paused for a second and then shuddered.
"I was supposed to have been with them."
My shoulders suddenly relaxed as everything started to make sense.
There'd been an attack of course.
There might have even been a bit of a cover-up by local, or regional, authorities, but Britney's father was probably right in assuming the motivation had been protecting the tourist industry.
That was all straightforward, but even that wasn't as obvious as the fact that Britney was suffering from some kind of survivor's guilt.
She felt like she was somehow to blame for not dying with her friends, and was reading all kinds of motivations into people's behavior that weren't even there.
That would've been spooky enough, but then I'd turned around, linked all of it to a freak nightmare and been convinced the world was about to end.
Silly.
I did my best to comfort Britney after that, but was more than a little relieved when lunch finally ended.
That of course made me feel heartless and guilty in turn, but I was still too fragile to deal with her issues.
When it's all you can do to get through the day yourself, it's impossible to be a pillar of strength for someone else.
History was a complete waste of time.
I hadn't even made it through the reading assignment, and I still got a perfect score on the pop quiz.
Physics was surprisingly full.
Apparently Alec was the only hard-core party animal in the class.
I was still feeling weird from Britney's story, so unlike the rest of my classmates, who seemed genuinely intrigued by the assignment, I just pretended to leaf through a reference book all hour.
Spanish was as bad as history.
Mrs. Tiggs turned on one of the Spanish TV channels within thirty seconds of class starting.
Towards the end of the hour I finally started to come back out of my funk, so I put the last few minutes to good use reviewing vocabulary for the quiz on Tuesday.
I felt a momentary surge of relief when class ended, but the feeling evaporated when I remembered I had to go to math tutoring.
I grabbed my math book, and met an equally morose Britney at her locker.
There are only so many times one person can say something sucks, and expect the other person to agree with them.
Britney quickly used up her allotment of complaints, and then subsided into silence as she led the way to an out-of-the-way corner of the old school.
I'd noticed Britney liked to position herself so she was closest to the middle of the hall.
Admittedly, dodging all the people trying to get into their lockers wasn't much fun, but I suspected her real motivation was a desire to ensure she could see and be seen, which was much more easily accomplished by relegating me to the outside position.
Normally I'd have just viewed her theatrics with amusement, but it'd been a long day and I wasn't in the mood.
If I'd known for sure where we were heading, I'd have considered cutting her off, even with all of the probable fallout, but I didn't.
Instead I just sighed, followed her around a corner, and collided with six-plus feet of muscled goodness packaged in a white polo shirt that looked worryingly familiar.
Brandon caught me as I rebounded from him, easily stopping my momentum before I could stumble into a locker.
"We'd better be careful; I'm starting to sense a trend."
I wanted to say something equally witty, but his shirt did wonderful, probably illegal things to his gray eyes, and his perfectly straight teeth were parted in a friendly grin that couldn't possibly be meant for me.
I managed a feeble grin before the silence stretched too far towards becoming uncomfortable, but it was a pathetic attempt.
Brandon gently released my shoulders and detoured around me with a grace that should have looked unnatural on a boy, but which somehow exuded more masculinity than any four boys I'd known back home.
Britney shot me an envious look and then turned and stalked through an open doorway.
I should have been worried I was upsetting my only 'friend'.
Failing that, I should at least be mad she was being so unreasonable, but my racing heart brushed those feelings away.
Other than a persistent, imaginary tingling along my shoulders I was strangely numb inside as I followed her into the tutoring room.
There were more kids inside than I'd expected, enough that a normal room would've felt crowded, but this wasn't a normal room.
Someone had knocked down a wall or two, creating a space that was strangely welcoming, despite obviously being meant for academic pursuits.
A large number of rectangular tables were scattered about the room, situated so that the two people sitting at them would feel relatively isolated.
As I continued my survey, I realized that there was only ever one pile of books at any given table, and in the few instances in which two people were sitting at a table, one of the individuals was obviously explaining something to the other one.
Most of the kids looked fairly run-of-the-mill.
There was even the expected contingent of jocks, obviously there just because a coach or parent had delivered some kind of ultimatum.
Britney predictably headed over and staked out a table as close as she could get to a group of girls who were probably cheerleaders.
Clustered around the other end of the room were the more studious kids, the kind who were generally pretty smart, but for whatever reason were struggling with math.
I wasn't surprised to see a kind of a no-man's-land between the two ends of the spectrum.
I was startled to see that the middle ground was inhabited by an attractive girl a year or two younger than me.
Left to my own devices, I would've normally picked a table over on the nerd end of the room, but I found myself relating more to the girl stuck in the middle.
She looked up and met my gaze for just a second before ducking back down and concentrating on her homework.
Shy, obviously, and not popular.
There'd been the hint of a smile on her face, possibly constrained by fear of how her overture might be received.
Obviously a complete social reject just like me.
It was nice to finally meet a kindred spirit.
Britney's clingy neediness was nearly as bad as the icy indifference or borderline hostility all of the rest of the students displayed.
Except for Brandon, but I couldn't quite bring myself to trust him.
A boy that cute wasn't nice to a girl like me unless he wanted something from her.
Mrs. Campbell walked over while I was casing the room.
She still looked stern, but her face had relaxed slightly.
She even smiled as she handed me a green, laminated card.
"You'll need to pick out an empty table, we don't let students share here.
Also I'd recommend choosing one somewhat distant from Ms. Samuels, she doesn't need any more distractions than she already has.
When you have a question, or need help from one of the tutors, flip the card over to the red side and place it on your desk."
I nodded and headed over to a table near the girl, one where I could watch her without her seeing me.
I wasn't going to fall all over myself to become her friend or anything, but I figured it was worth observing her for a little bit.
If she really was cool then we might strike up a friendship at some point.
If she wasn't, then the sooner I could confirm that fact the better off I'd be.
I pulled out my book, study guide, and some paper, and got busy with my next self-assigned homework set.
I was up to graphing now, which was about as straightforward as you could get.
I made pretty good progress, pausing from time to time to stretch my neck and look around.
The girl had flipped her card over to the red side, and had a tutor with her, a clumsy-looking boy who looked like he might be a senior.
Based on the glasses, and the fact he had to have picked them out without any input from a girl younger than forty, I figured he was in debate, or maybe the chess club.
He was probably incredibly nice, and boring as watching paint dry.
Exactly the kind of guy my mom would turn cartwheels over.
I'd have to make sure they never met.
I took the opportunity to look a little more closely at the girl.
Seen from profile, she wasn't quite as pretty as I'd thought originally.
She wasn't exactly plain-looking, but her features weren't very remarkable.
She did have incredibly soft-looking wavy brown hair though.
It looked like debate boy had pretty much finished answering her question.
I looked back down at my book so I wouldn't get caught staring.
I was just about to dive back into my text book when someone cleared their throat nearby.
The tutor was standing at my elbow looking over my assignment.
"Hi, I'm Albert, and you must be Adri."
I winced again.
It was going to take a lot of work to get people to use my full name.
"Adriana, but I don't need any help."
Albert smiled.
"I know your card wasn't on the red side, but Mrs. Campbell asked me to stop by and go over a couple of steps you left out on your homework assignment from today.
Since I just finished with Rachel and was over here already, I thought I'd show you the steps you're missing."
I nodded my assent as I mentally filed away both his name and the girl's.
Surprisingly enough, Albert was a good teacher, pointing out the steps I'd been skipping over, and even explaining why they were important.
It was rare enough to find a school teacher who could really teach math these days, finding a student who could teach was nearly a miracle.
Rachel packed up her things while I was being instructed in the finer points of inequalities.
As she slid the last book into her backpack, Albert stepped away from my desk with another smile.
I flipped over to the next chapter and started in on functions as Rachel exited out a corner door I hadn't noticed before.
I saw a flash of the stunted, brown vegetation that the locals called grass before the door swung back closed.
Suppressing an urge to just surrender and go outside until Britney finished up, I got started.
The roar of some kind of high-performance engine a few seconds later almost changed my mind, but my native stubbornness kicked in before I let the thought get out of hand.
The subject matter was harder than graphing, but I persevered, and managed to make it through all fifteen problems without resorting to the red side of the card.
Of course Albert did stop by to see if I was having any difficulties, but since I didn't summon him, he couldn't read anything into it.
When Britney stomped over and asked if I was done, I considered telling her I needed ten more minutes.
Her being an attention hog didn't justify me being petty though.
I just nodded instead and packed up my stuff.
The ride home was completely uneventful, and mercifully brief.
Britney was one of those people who drive fast normally, and even faster when they are pissed off.
Apparently having to stay after school to study merited twenty-five over the speed limit.
I normally would have complained--I'd become much more sensitive about speeding in the last couple of months, but I was anxious to get home, and very much not feeling like there was anything particularly special to live for.
Not that I was suicidal, contrary to Mom's unvoiced, but obvious fears.
I just didn't have much of anything to look forward to.
It wasn't until Britney's Saturn was nearly out of sight that I realized our Jeep Cherokee was parked in the driveway.
I sometimes felt I should have outgrown the need to talk to Mom when things were tough, but I couldn't deny that it felt like a big weight had been lifted off me as I walked through the door.
"I'm home, Mom.
How did your latest shoot..." Whatever I'd been about to say evaporated off of my tongue as I entered the living room and saw Mom curled up on the couch with bloodshot eyes.
Mom had always been the strong one.
I still more or less belonged in some kind of padded room.
Mom had simply accepted events and done her best to hold our life together so there'd be something for me to come back to.
"What happened?"
I wanted to comfort her like I used to do with Cindi, but I suddenly realized I didn't know how.
Parents weren't supposed to need reassuring.
If they did, they were supposed to work it out between each other.
Only now there was just her.
"The bank's calling the loan on our house.
They called the Mayor's office and were told I didn't get the contract to do the tourism brochure.
They're claiming I committed loan fraud.
Only I don't understand, Mr. Peters told me I had the job."
I'd pretty much forgotten about the tourism brochure for the city.
It'd sounded like the perfect job for Mom, albeit a short term one.
Now it was sounding like it'd been too good to be true.
The move had been something I'd opposed and then ignored when my opposition hadn't made any difference.
I didn't know anything about grown-up things like mortgages.
I'd been too self-absorbed to learn.
For the first time I felt guilty about making things harder for Mom.
Surely there was something I could have done to help out, even considering the attacks.
"They can't do that, can they?
I mean, if they told you that you had the job they can't take it away, can they?"
Mom rooted around in a half empty box until she found some tissues, it wasn't the first one she'd been through this afternoon.
"I didn't think so, but Mr. Peters claims there was never any contract signed and I can't find our copy in any of the boxes."
"Mom, what are we going to do?
Where will we go if they kick us out?"
She smoothed my hair back from my face.
"Don't worry about that, sweetie.
I'm sure everything will be okay.
I was just over-reacting.
It'll turn out to be nothing."
It was just like Mom to misplace something important like that.
I opened my mouth to agree with her, but stopped before the words could fully form.
I didn't know much, but fraud wasn't the kind of thing you associated with a slap on the wrist.
If the worst happened and Mom was going to serve jail time then we had bigger problems than even what she was admitting to.
** It looked like the sun must have set hours ago, but it wasn't really dark.
The full moon seemed oddly brighter than normal, edging the landscape with a silvery tracing.
The cool illumination was strangely complemented by the warm tendrils of light trying to escape from the greenery surrounding the area.
I let my gaze drop, and found an unearthly pool of liquid light at my feet.
The quiet murmur of falling water to my right kindled a burning thirst I hadn't realized I'd been feeling since I opened my eyes.
Looking towards the waterfall, I found a shimmering ribbon of light working its way down the rock face.
The sight was so incredibly beautiful it took me several moments to realize the tendril was the waterfall I'd been looking for.
I reached into the dancing pool of light at my feet and smiled as my cupped hands came away filled with water that lit up my palms.
I couldn't imagine anything more surreal.
I might have stayed there for hours if the barest whisper of sound hadn't distracted me.
Alec was staring at me, an expression of disapproval marring otherwise perfect features.
"Of all the places for you to intrude, why did it have to be here?"
For a second, surrounded as I was by such beauty, I did feel like an intruder.
He was gorgeous, and his tan skin seemed to have the slightest hint of light playing beneath its surface.
I was as plain and ugly as always.
My response popped out before I could think about it.
"Only you could see such beauty and think only of keeping it to yourself.
Trust me, even with surroundings like this I'd much rather be elsewhere if you're part of the bargain."
The thought of being elsewhere brought our newest crisis to mind, and I realized that it was very likely I wouldn't have to worry about Britney, Alec, or Brandon for very much longer.
"At least you won't have to suffer my presence for much longer; we'll be gone all too quickly."
The fact I was saying these things to Alec when I knew this all had to be a dream was ludicrous, but it wasn't as ludicrous as the way he flinched at my words.
"No, you're right, all too soon you'll go the way of so many others.
If I can depend on nothing else, I can rely on that."
A little eddy of wind found its way into our grotto, and for the first time my newly-acute sense of smell registered Alec's presence.
His scent was divine, full of subtle themes I wasn't experienced enough to pick out, all of which screamed of warm power and rock-like masculinity.
For half a second the torrent of sensation was too strong to leave room for conscious thought.
I realized I'd closed my eyes to better savor the experience.
When I opened them Alec's expression had moved from annoyance to sadness.
I had a pair of heartbeats to wonder at the strange tricks my subconscious was playing on me, and then the dream started fading away.
The heavenly surroundings were predictably the first thing to disappear, leaving afterimages of light burned into the corners of my vision.
Alec was the next thing to go, but the memory of his features clung to my mind long after I found myself in a featureless void.
Stranger still, his scent stayed with me even longer.
I was just self-aware enough to hope I'd remember it all when I awoke in the morning.
Chapter 5 It was a good thing I'd started school in the middle of the week.
If I'd gone to school the next day after all the drama of learning about our mortgage problems I probably would have had a nervous breakdown.
As it was, I was essentially worthless all weekend.
I tried to warn Mom about the animals that'd mauled the kids from school, but she told me she was already aware of the incident and left before I could draw her into a discussion of what we should do about the bank.
I saw her for maybe a total of three hours during the entire two days.
Even I knew it was wasted effort.
If Mom somehow beat the odds, it still wasn't going to result in the kind of money we'd need to save our house.
Not in the next two or three weeks at least.
It felt like my whole world had just disappeared down a drain.
I didn't suffer any real panic attacks, but more or less spent both days in a kind of despondency that wasn't much better than a full-blown attack.
By the time Monday morning arrived I had vague memories of doing homework and not much else.
The only positive from the whole weekend was the way my dream from Friday stayed with me.
As I got ready for school I idly wondered if it would be possible to recreate the grotto in real life.
Obviously not with the impossible, glowing water, but with the incredible, lush vegetation and the secluded pool.
Then again, I'd seen Mom pull off some pretty crazy tricks with her camera, maybe there would be some way to simulate glowing water, some kind of photography trick I'd never heard of.
I walked downstairs as the eastern sky was just starting to change colors.
Mom was already gone.
The message board was conspicuously empty, so she was either still frustrated with me, angry at our hopeless situation, or wrapped back up in her quest to become a renowned photographer.
Britney picked me up on schedule and I somehow made it through my first two classes.
Mrs. Sorenson was still out to prove to everyone I was an idiot, and Heathcliff was still a psychopath despite Mr. Whethers' best efforts to explain the character's motivation.
Math was actually the high point of the morning.
Mrs. Campbell was smart enough to put Britney off in a corner surrounded by the kind of kids she'd never even consider talking to under normal circumstances.
Not having Britney distract me all hour would have been a blessing by itself, but things got even better when Mrs. Campbell complimented me on the homework I handed in.
"Most excellently done, Miss Paige.
Albert said you seemed to pick up the concepts quite quickly.
I've noticed you've been working on the older material during class, which I very much approve of, but you may want to listen today.
We're starting a new section, and it should be fairly straightforward for you to pick up."
I shouldn't have been surprised when she turned out to be right.
The new chapter was on probability, which had absolutely nothing to do with the stuff they'd been working on the week before.
I quickly decided I didn't like the new stuff as much as what I'd been studying on my own, but it was relatively easy, and almost before I knew it class had ended and it was time to go to lunch.
My doubts about whether or not everyone would be back in school today after three nights of partying were quickly resolved as Britney and I tried to fight through the ridiculous foot traffic on our way to our lockers.
By the time we made it to the lunch room, I was heartily sick of dodging jocks with shoulders the size of an ox.
Why on earth did every single one of them think it was necessary to mock fight, throw balls back and forth to each other, or otherwise make a spectacle of themselves?
My mood was further soured as we arrived to find an unmistakable circle of bystanders signaling an impending fight.
My first instinct was to go find a teacher before the two idiots hurt each other, but while I was still looking around to see if there was an adult in the room, Britney grabbed my arm and pulled me towards the circle.
It wasn't until we got closer that I realized there was something wrong with the circle of kids surrounding the combatants.
Normally everyone pressed in tight for the best possible view.
The spectators in this fight were divided into two groups, with a fairly significant space between them.
The rest of the students seemed to be reluctant to fill that gap in.
It wasn't until Britney pulled me closer that I understood why.
Brandon stood surrounded by his friends on one side of the circle, with Alec and a smaller group standing opposite them.
The tension in the room was like the air before a lightning strike, charged and unpredictable, a living organism on the point of materializing out of thin air and attacking anything surrounding it.
Taking in the two groups, I was amazed at the disparity before my eyes.
The kids behind Brandon were half again as many as the gathering behind Alec, and they were eager for the confrontation, watching with excited eyes, and large smiles.
Alec's company on the other hand awaited the coming fight with calm exteriors and a sense they were bowing before the inevitable conflict without conceding anything to their opponents.
They were fewer in number, but the men were larger than anyone other than Alec or Brandon, and I somehow knew even the girls were dangerous.
With a sudden start I realized the confrontation wasn't between Brandon and Alec as I'd originally thought.
Instead the stuck-up blonde I'd first met in the office, was squared off against a brunette less than three-quarters her size.
As Britney pulled us even closer, almost into the dead zone between the two factions, I finally realized the smaller girl was Rachel.
"You're going to get what's coming to you, you little slut."
The blonde's voice sounded exactly like I'd imagined, arrogant, vindictive and only barely controlled.
Rachel on the other hand sounded calm, speaking in tones I shouldn't have been able to hear, except the spectators were unnaturally quiet.
"I haven't done anything to you, Cassie, and you know it.
This is all just an excuse."
I looked around for teachers, but they were still conspicuously absent.
There wasn't time.
Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.
"Shut your lying mouth.
I'm really going to enjoy this."
Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.
A stocky, Middle Eastern-looking boy to Alec's right looked like he wanted to act as well, but he was looking at Alec, and an almost imperceptible headshake stopped him.
I'd been so busy watching the byplay behind Rachel that I'd missed the last two exchanges between her and Cassie.
Whatever had been said must have been bad though.
Rachel was shaking, and the blonde looked like someone about to pull the wings off a butterfly.
I could feel my heartbeat climbing, slamming away at my ribs with all the energy of a full-blown panic attack, but I wasn't dizzy, just scared.
The cafeteria workers had all turned around so their backs were facing us, a sight which kindled the first spark of anger, an emotion that burned brighter because of the fear still coursing through me.
There was a gasp as Cassie shoved Rachel, a misleadingly casual motion that sent the smaller girl stumbling back into Alec's chest hard enough to leave bruises.
The typical catcalls were still absent, it was as if nobody viewed this as a normal fight, like there was somehow more at stake.
I'd been waiting for someone to intervene on Rachel's behalf.
It was obvious she knew nothing about fighting.
Cassie wasn't the kind of girl to fight just to prove a point and then forget about the incident afterwards.
Just looking at her, I knew she'd remember any slight for as long as she lived, and she had enough influence in the school to make just about anyone's life miserable.
She probably got away with things just because nobody was willing to cross her.
Rachel was going to get hurt.
I was still thinking about all the ways I could get hurt when I stepped through the no-man's-land and into the circle.
The parts of me that weren't emotionally dead, that were still behaving rationally despite the accident, were screaming in terror.
There probably wasn't anyone in the school who knew less about fighting than me.
I knew I should turn around and run away before Cassie realized I was serious, but somehow I didn't care.
Cassie's arsenal of nasty tricks wouldn't be so effective against someone who'd already been kicked out of their house and moved to another state.
All I really needed to do was survive the next few minutes.
I'd be out of the state before she really got busy making my life miserable.
A dozen different things I could say blew through my mind, but they were all competing, and none of them fit the situation.
In typical fashion, I found myself without anything clever to say.
Instead I just stood there and stared at Cassie.
I'd thought things were tense already, but where everyone had been quiet before, now they were motionless too.
Cassie spun around and glared at me.
"Take off."
I shook my head and clenched my fists a little tighter.
"Leave her alone."
For a second I thought Cassie would go through with it.
Her knuckles went white, and her breathing sped up.
I knew if she sprang at me, I was going to get really hurt.
When Brandon's hand appeared on Cassie's shoulder to restrain her, I thought for a second my knees would buckle.
A few seconds later, it was as if nothing had ever happened.
The ring of spectators dissolved as kids quickly returned to their tables.
Brandon and his friends left through one set of cafeteria doors, while Alec and his friends departed through the other.
Britney looked like she was trying to decide whether to be mad or impressed, but I felt too sick to stick around and try to nudge her in either direction.
I mumbled something I hoped sounded intelligible and headed towards the bathroom.
I passed Mr. Simms and another teacher on my way out, but apparently I looked as awful as I felt.
They just shot me stern looks rather than stopping me to ask what had happened.
It wasn't until I'd finished dry-heaving and was trying to clean myself back up, that I wondered where they'd been.
The school building wasn't that big.
If they'd really been trying to break up the fight, they should have arrived minutes earlier.
I thought about hiding in the bathroom for a while, but that was exactly the kind of place a girl like Cassie would want to catch me.
Instead I took a deep breath and walked outside.
Britney was waiting for me.
By her expression she'd decided on being mad.
"Do you realize what you just did?"
I was still fresh out of witty comments.
I just shrugged instead.
Britney had been mad before, now she looked furious.
"You just picked sides, and you picked the wrong one."
Maybe I still wasn't recovered from my ordeal on Friday; I felt like I was missing something obvious.
Britney apparently agreed, and she wasted no time in letting me know what it was.
"There are two in-crowds here; Brandon's group, which consists of all of the athletes and cheerleaders, and Alec's group, which is about half the size, and outside of his immediate friends is made up of a few geeks and misfits.
You were on the border of getting in with Brandon, but just threw all of that away to save Alec's little sister when he's too much of a coward to do it himself."
I wanted to protest, to explain why everyone should be able to get along, or point out that despite Brandon's obvious appeal, it was his friend who was wrong, but Britney had already turned and stalked off.
I probably would've spent the next few minutes refining my arguments for the next time we talked, but the last thing Britney had said finally sank in.
His sister.
Rachel was Alec's sister, and he hadn't made a move to save her.
He hadn't even been willing to let his friends step in and stop the fight.
I drifted off to History thinking that I would've done almost anything to save my sister.
It would take a real heartless individual to abandon their own family.
My anger buffered me just enough to think about Cindi without the usual consequences, but I still wasn't really in top form.
I was halfway through my class before I realized Mr. Simms had been shooting me dark looks for the last twenty minutes.
They weren't the obvious nasty looks that kids shoot each other of course.
They were subtle and infrequent but there was something about the set of his mouth that made it clear he wasn't pleased I was in his class.
I shrugged it all off and gutted my way through class, eagerly planning what I'd say to Alec when I saw him in physics, only when I finally stalked into Mrs. Alexander's class Alec wasn't sitting in his corner desk.
I pulled out my notes and started reviewing what I'd managed to learn about our project, stalling until he arrived so I could give him a piece of my mind.
Only he never walked through the door.
I still had my anger, but it wasn't cushioning me as well for some reason.
It felt like another attack was on the way.
My pulse was skyrocketing and the room wavered as my vision dimmed.
It didn't make sense to be having a panic attack right now, but images of Cindi swam into view, alternating with pictures of Alec and Rachel.
It was like Alec's cruelty to his sister somehow meant I was failing Cindi.
I concentrated all of my energy on thinking about Alec, about how much I hated him, about what I was going to say to him next time I saw him.
Beyond all expectations, it worked.
My heart rate slowed down to something approaching normal, and the room stopped moving around.
By the time Mrs. Alexander finished taking the roll, and returned her pencil to its customary place behind her ear, I'd stabilized enough that I could read my notes again.
The group project was due tomorrow, and since Alec hadn't bothered to make an appearance in class since my first day in Sanctuary, it was looking like I'd have to do the whole thing by myself if I wanted to pass.
Yet another reason to hate him.
So far I'd had zero luck figuring out why rain puddles in the parking lot sometimes had colors on them, sort of like little earthbound rainbows.
I turned around and picked a reference book at random.
It was a weighty thing that might or might not have the answer, but at the very least promised to keep me occupied for the duration of the class.
I finally found something promising about fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
I probably would've stayed there trying to cram information into my head, but Mrs. Alexander walked by with a smile on her face as the last of the other students filed out of the room.
"If you're really that enthralled by a college physics book, you're more than welcome to take it home with you tonight.
Just promise to bring it back in the same condition.
Remember, I'm less concerned with your answer, and more interested in the process you take to try and solve the problem.
Of course the right answer never hurts."
I smiled and hurried out of class with a 'thank you'.
I shouldn't have bothered rushing.
I slipped into Spanish exactly three seconds before the late bell sounded, but Mrs. Tiggs wasn't even there.
When she finally did show up, we had a surprise quiz on our vocabulary.
Once we finished she turned on the television and told us to listen for conjugation.
I almost wished I shared the class with Britney, her dad seemed like the type to get six kinds of riled up over something like that.
He'd probably go straight to the school board and demand a new Spanish teacher altogether.
It was a real relief when I was finally able to leave the drab little classroom.
I stopped off at my locker before heading to the tutor room, but Britney was nowhere to be seen.
Probably still mad.
I mentally shrugged as I swapped out books, and set off.
Rachel was already seated in her usual spot in no-man's-land.
I debated where to sit for a second.
I'd done the right thing in standing up to Cassie, but I didn't want to further alienate Brandon, or put myself anymore firmly in the group of idiots who looked to Alec as their master and liege.
Before I could finish weighing the pros and cons, Rachel looked up and caught my eye.
The smile that appeared on her face was tentative but genuine, and completely resolved my doubts.
I returned her shy greeting with a smile of my own, and sat down at the table closest to her.
Britney entered the tutor lab a few minutes later, and frowned at me before going over and sitting at the end of the room containing the jocks and cheerleaders.
Apparently I was supposed to have waited?
I sighed and flipped open my book.
As I finished up my second assignment for the day, I realized I was parched.
My trusty water bottle was empty when I reached for it, so I quietly stood and left the room.
I thought I remembered where the closest drinking fountain was.
Even so, I planned on getting a little lost before I found it.
I didn't, however, plan on nearly colliding with Alec as he slowly rounded the corner in front of me.
The tension of the near-fight earlier had distracted me from just how incredible-looking he was.
There was no such refuge now.
For a moment I couldn't think of anything other than how the dark blue of his shirt brought out his tan complexion.
If his gorgeousness had stopped there, I probably would've been okay, but the little spirits in charge of keeping the universe in equilibrium must've been momentarily busy with something more important.
The blue buttons that kept his shirt snuggly wrapped around his impressive torso were almost the exact shade of his eyes, which happened to be staring at me with a trace of something different than his normal self-assurance.
In someone else I would've almost said gratitude, but his manner was too arrogant for that.
More than anything else, that was what finally shook me from my reverie.
He was already talking.
"...wanted to talk to you about what happened today."
Part of me wanted to wait and see what he was going to say, to lose myself in what was sure to be a very convincing lie designed to make him look good, and me feel like I was on heroin for however long he favored me with his presence.
Luckily that idealistic, stupid part of me had seen too many girls get used by smooth-talking boys.
I interrupted right away.
"You mean when your sister nearly got beaten by that whore, and you not only didn't do anything, you stopped your friends from doing anything either."
Alec flinched a little.
I was a little surprised by how satisfying it was to have him, a demigod, on the run, but I didn't let it slow me down.
"The fact that I, a little waif from out of town, could defuse the situation and save Rachel no doubt sticks in your craw, which explains why you're lurking around out here waiting to talk to me.
Because only then can you fabricate some reason for why everything had to go down the way it did, and thereby save face!"
He wasn't flinching now.
Instead his face had gotten tight and remote.
For a second it seemed like he was looking right through me.
"You don't understand."
Alec's expression should have scared me.
It sent shivers down my spine, but I was too mad to back down over a little thing like my knees nearly shaking.
"Of course.
That's an easy comeback.
I don't understand.
You're right, I don't.
I would've done almost anything to protect my sister, but you didn't even care that Rachel was going to get hurt."
Now I really was scared, Alec was trembling slightly, and he looked like he wanted to slap me.
While I was still trying to decide whether I should radiate smugness at having verbally bested him, or run back to the safety of the tutor room, he lunged forward and grabbed me around the shoulders.
"I was going to offer you my protection against Cassie and Brandon, and you throw your supposed superiority in my face.
Fine, but don't come crying back to me when the mask comes off."
Alec abruptly released me and stalked off.
He was moving so incredibly quickly he'd disappeared around a corner with one balled-up fist pressed against his side before I'd even started shaking in fear.
I'd never before been that helpless.
Had he wanted to, I had no doubt but that he could have easily snapped my neck.
He was that strong.
I really was trembling now.
I wanted to mutter something about overzealous body-builders lifting just to intimidate people, but couldn't get the words out.
I think maybe I was afraid he'd overhear and return to finish the job.
My shoulders felt like the skin was on fire, but I knew it was just my imagination.
His grip had been rock-hard, but he hadn't actually squeezed enough to hurt me.
He'd shown pretty good control for someone who'd just been spanked in a debate, and obviously wanted to rip my head off.
Turning around to return to the tutor room, I almost tripped over my own feet when I saw Britney standing just outside the closed door.
"Are you crazy?
First you side with Rachel against Brandon, firmly putting yourself in Alec's camp, and then you turn around and piss off Alec?"
I really wasn't in the mood to argue with Britney, so I tried for nonchalance.
"So now I'm not on anyone's side.
They'll both leave me alone and I'll be fine."
"Oh, yeah, because that's how things work."
I'd only thought Britney was mad before.
She was all but shaking with fury now.
"Don't you get it?
You, me, most of the rest of the school, we survive by staying neutral.
For better or worse, we aren't attractive, cool, or rich enough to get in with Alec or Brandon.
Once you piss one of them off though, you'd better hope you're in with the other one, because that's the only way you've got any kind of protection."
It was starting to sound like organized crime or something.
Of course they could make my life miserable socially, but it wasn't like they were going to really hurt me.
I opened my mouth to try and calm Britney down, but she cut me off.
"You don't understand how much influence they have.
Three years ago someone tried to start a newspaper in Sanctuary.
Things were going along just fine until he pissed off Alec's mother.
The city condemned the building and refused to change the zoning laws so he could get another place.
When he really pushed the issue, his house mysteriously caught on fire."
My mouth was hanging open, but Britney seemed to think it was disbelief rather than amazement.
"I'm serious, Adriana, and I'm not letting you take my family down with you.
Find your own way home."
Chapter 6 There was no reason for Britney's actions to come as any kind of surprise, it was exactly in keeping with her character.
Even if she didn't believe a word of what she'd just told me, I really was on my way to becoming a social pariah, and her whole existence centered around becoming more popular.
Even so, knowing I was officially stranded at school with no way home felt very much like the end of the world.
We still didn't have a phone, and probably wouldn't for weeks to come, even assuming we somehow managed to keep our home through the end of the week.
Calling Mom and asking her to come and get me was out.
Presumably if I waited long enough Mom would decide something was wrong and come looking for me.
Unless she was out hiking somewhere, in which case it might be a day or two before she realized I was missing.
There was nothing to do but walk.
I waited a few minutes to give Britney time to get out of the lab, and then walked in and grabbed my things.
The other kids were already clearing out.
Nobody even looked up as I left.
Luckily I'd worn sneakers rather than the exotic footwear most girls gravitated towards.
If I'd been wearing anything else, I'd have been nursing blisters before I made it out of the parking lot.
As it was, I quickly realized my little walk home was going to be twice as unpleasant as I'd expected.
The school most definitely wasn't in the pretty, green part of the region.
Every step kicked up a miniature cloud of fine, red dust that drifted into my lungs and slowly coated my clothes.
The dust would've been plenty bad all by itself, but the heat made things even worse.
It was only an hour or two removed from the hottest part of the day, and the air was so dry it sucked moisture out of me with each breath.
I knew it was stupid to walk home.
My one little bottle of water wasn't going to last me five miles in this oven, but I was tired of always having to be sensible about everything.
I was going to walk, and that was it.
Maybe if I passed out on the side of the road and ended up in the hospital Britney would finally realize what a wench she was.
I was barely out of sight of the school, still vividly imagining Alec and Britney's faces when they found out that they'd put me in the hospital, when I heard a car approaching from behind me.
Only it wasn't zipping by, it was slowing down.
Every scary story I'd ever heard about rapists, kidnappers and murderers suddenly flowed through my mind like frayed ropes catching at my insides as they went, pulling out all of the other thoughts and feelings until there was nothing left but a hollow, fear-filled shell.
I found myself praying for the first time since the accident, pleading with whatever might be out there listening to protect me and get me safely home.
My heart was pounding so hard it almost drowned out the crunch of gravel as the car pulled even with me.
I didn't recognize the vehicle, which was a bad sign.
It was a light-eating black, and emitted the throaty roar of a sports car.
The windows were tinted; I could see that much out of the corner of my eye without acknowledging that it was there.
That really seemed like the best course.
Maybe if I pretended he wasn't there, the driver would just go away.
A hint of motion told me that wasn't going to be the case.
The passenger side window was sliding down with the smooth, even motion of power windows.
"I've heard that some of you easterners have some really funny ideas.
I guess seeing as how we don't have any mass transit out here you must've decided you needed to walk home.
Don't you think it's a bit hot for that kind of environmental responsibility?"
The voice was familiar, but my mind initially refused to place it with a face.
It was too unbelievable to be real.
I took a couple more steps, and then looked to my left and was rewarded as an infectious grin slowly appeared on Brandon's face.
I wanted to say something witty, but the thoughts all just swirled around in my head without making it down to my mouth.
Brandon's smile grew just a little bigger.
"I really think you should let me give you a ride home.
Based on our past history, it's only a matter of time before one of us runs into the other, and I'm afraid of what my Mustang might do to you when that happens."
Brandon's voice washed over me like silk, carrying away any desires I might have had to walk all the way home just to prove a point.
Not trusting my voice, I nodded and took the couple of steps needed to reach his passenger door.
"I wanted to apologize for what happened earlier today.
Cassie can be a real jerk sometimes."
It was too good to be true.
I almost looked over at him, but I knew I'd lose myself in a pair of soft, gray eyes.
Brandon seemed to understand that my silence meant I wasn't convinced.
"You wouldn't believe how relieved I was when you stepped forward and stopped her before things got out of hand."
My natural pessimism reasserted itself, undaunted by the fact that I could just see Brandon's exquisitely-muscled arm out of the corner of my eye.
"If you knew Cassie was in the wrong, why didn't you stop her?
She's your friend; you should have been able to defuse the situation before it got that far."
Brandon took a deep breath.
His voice was quiet now, the perfect example of someone admitting something they weren't proud of.
"Things are complicated with Cassie.
Our families go really far back, it's almost like she's my sister sometimes.
She doesn't like to listen to me, and when she gets mad, things get very unpleasant."
It was a weak explanation, but there was something in his voice that made me believe him.
The few doubts I still had melted away as I finally met his eyes.
I've always been pretty good at reading people, and I'd never seen anyone whose eyes conveyed that level of sincerity.
My voice caught, and it took a couple of tries to get actual words out.
"She'll come after me."
Brandon shook his head.
"I won't let her.
That's part of why I wanted to talk to you.
I won't let anyone do anything to you.
Think of it as repayment."
The words weren't anything special, but there was something about the way he said them that made me absolutely sure he'd deliver on his promise, that he was somehow completely in control of his surroundings.
The intensity in his stare was too much, and I found myself looking away, trying to buy some time to collect myself.
Luckily I wasn't so far gone as to not recognize where we were.
"Oh, gosh, that was the turnoff to my house.
I'm so sorry."
Brandon flashed me another smile and quickly maneuvered his car through a U-turn, a feat I was fairly certain was harder than it looked in the bulky muscle car.
"No harm done.
You guys bought the old Anderson home then?"
I nodded, staring out at the desolate landscape.
"You mean every single person in town doesn't already know everything there is to know about us?"
"Oh, the joys of a small town.
Yeah, with as little real news as we get out here, people probably know more about you than you're used to.
It has its benefits though."
I snorted, and then felt myself turning red with embarrassment.
You would think after seventeen years I'd have learned how to laugh without making those wretched sounds.
"As if.
I can't think of one good thing about everyone having their noses in everyone else's business."
The smile was back, but it was more mischievous than before.
"How about me knowing Britney left you high and dry after school today?"
"Please.
That just makes the humiliation more painful."
Brandon shook his head as we pulled to a stop in front of my house.
"No, that means I can do something about you losing your ride."
I suddenly felt like there was a joke I was missing out on.
"How do you propose to fix that?"
"It was my fault so I'll be your ride back and forth from school every day."
"I don't know about all of that, but thanks for the lift just now."
I fumbled for a minute with the unfamiliar latch, and then invited the blistering heat into the cool interior of the car as I swung the door open.
Brandon gently captured my arm before I could slide out of the passenger seat.
"You'll wait for me tomorrow?"
"I don't know--maybe.
Anyone that thinks Minnesota is the east instead of the Midwest can't really be relied upon to remember important things like appointments."
I could feel myself blushing again as I pulled free and fled into the house with a single wave goodbye.
Normally I wasn't flirtatious.
Heck, I hardly knew the meaning of the word, but something about Brandon turned it all into a harmless game.
A game with rules that were nearly comprehensible for a change.
One where there was very little to lose and an undreamed-of potential for achieving amazing things.
As soon as the door was shut I ran to the window and hid behind the blinds, watching as the black Mustang drove up our lane.
Overcome by the sudden urge to giggle, I ran upstairs looking for my mom.
I made it all the way to her door before remembering the Jeep hadn't been downstairs.
Typical.
The one time I had good news, and she wasn't around.
I wandered back downstairs, more because it was cooler down there than because I had any real desire to work on homework.
Once I was down there though, I grimly decided to open up my bag and make some progress before Mom got home.
I pulled my feet up on the couch, leaned back against the arm and rested my Spanish book on my knees.
I momentarily wondered if I should make myself quite so comfortable as my eyes closed.
The doorbell came as an abrupt surprise, waking me from the nap I hadn't intended on taking.
I'd been in one of the surreal, vivid dreams.
It was already too distant to remember details, but I had the impression of being on a mountaintop during the day with vision so acute that I'd been able to see the individual motes of dust.
Oddly enough it almost seemed like Alec had been there too.
The person waiting outside wasn't anyone I recognized, but he had the cultured, high-brow appearance of someone who was either really rich, or who moved in the kind of circles where you didn't get seated unless you were properly attired.
"Why, hello, you must be Adriana.
Can I call you Adri?"
I shook my head.
"I prefer my full name, Mr..." "Wilkenson, Mayor Wilkenson.
Is your mother home?"
Suddenly struck by the fact that living in the country meant there wasn't anyone around to hear your screams, I almost lied, but for whatever reason I believed him.
Maybe because he exuded the false, overabundant sincerity I'd come to associate with both the class presidents I'd known back in Minnesota.
"She's out photographing one of the parks.
Is there a message you'd like me to pass on?"
He looked surprisingly uncertain, almost like he was used to working from a script, and didn't know what to do when things didn't go as planned.
"Do you know when she'll be back?"
My headshake seemed to unnerve him a little more.
Presumably he was having a hard time believing in a world where people didn't have fixed schedules, where moms didn't let their daughters know when they'd be back from their outings.
"The message really is quite urgent.
Are you positive you don't have a way to contact her?
Well then, I suppose I've no choice."
Most people say they don't have a choice rather flippantly, but he seemed rather more like he had his back against the wall than I expected.
"You know, I presume, that there was some confusion regarding the tourism project she bid out for the city?
Well, I've managed to get to the bottom of the situation and it appears we did indeed award the contract to her."
The news seemed too good to be true.
"You mean she's got the job?"
"Technically it isn't an employment offer.
It's more in the way of a consulting project, but yes, she'll be in a sense working for the city.
I've asked my staff to make sure that the confusion is cleared up with the bank as well so you shouldn't be in any kind of danger of losing your house anymore."
I almost clapped for joy, only there was something off about it all.
Since when did the mayor personally come to deliver a piece of relatively insignificant news?
Not only that, why would he be so shaken up?
He'd actually seemed to be trying to determine whether or not it would be okay to just leave a message.
Like he was operating by a set of rules he didn't completely understand.
Or maybe at the order of someone else?
Normally I wouldn't have been brave enough to press, but the words were out of my mouth almost before I realized what I was doing.
"That's great, sir.
Do you often work so closely with the local bank?
I mean when the loan officer talked to my mom he said that there was no way to keep us from losing our house.
I think she said his exact words were that it would take an act of God to change things now."
A tiny fragment of memory rose to the surface of my mind.
A time when Dad had been talking about negotiating with someone for work.
"Don't be afraid of silence, Adri.
Especially not when you know you're right.
Let the silence work on people for a little while and they'll usually start to crack."
That was the last thing I wanted to do right now, but I kept my mouth shut anyways.
It was almost like I could see the gray matter starting to heat up as the mayor tried to figure out exactly what I knew and how much I just suspected.
"Act of God indeed.
Fancy that.
Well, surprising as it may be, Fredrick doesn't know everything there is to know about the world."
He was turning to leave, and most of me was screaming to just thank him and wave goodbye, but there had been something in his eyes that had me convinced he'd been lying.
"Thank you, sir.
I guess I need to learn more about civic government.
I can't wait to go into whatever records are public and learn about all of the ways the mayor works with the banks.
I'll bet there are plenty of other people who'd be interested too.
Maybe I can start a club at school."
It was like someone else was doing the talking for me.
I'd never been this bold, and to do so now with someone who could arrange for my mom's job to disappear again seemed like the worst kind of stupidity, but I couldn't fall apart now.
I almost couldn't believe my eyes when his face turned red.
"Listen here, Missy.
I've been in politics longer than you've been alive, and it takes a whole hell of a lot more than a precocious teenager to blackmail me.
So, you can just drop your veiled threats and pretend like we never had this conversation, or I will see that your mom is once again unemployed, and we'll just see whether or not your protector is bluffing."
Stepping out of my front door and being hit by a cement truck would have been less of a surprise.
I'd thought something odd was happening, but the idea of someone protecting us was almost unbelievable.
The mayor took my shock as a sign he once again had the upper hand.
Smiling smugly, he turned to leave, but not before I could grab at the sleeve of his sport coat.
"Wait.
Who is it?
Who's helping us?"
The smirk hadn't left.
"No, he was very clear on that point.
You're not to know.
That's the one thing guaranteed to make him go through with his threats.
You'll just have to be satisfied with the fact that you'll both continue to be able to live in our fine city."
Normally I would have just acquiesced, but I couldn't bear the thought of letting him leave, taking with him the identity of the only person besides my mom who really cared what happened to me.
I tightened my grip in an attempt to stop him.
"Please, if you won't tell me who it is, let me write a thank you note.
I have to do something.
He's done so much for us."
He stopped partway through shaking his head.
"I can't promise he'll even bother to read it, but I'll take it to him if you promise never to talk about this again.
I don't want to hear even the slightest rumor anything unusual happened in association with this project."
I nodded, relieved I'd have a chance to jot down a couple of lines, that I'd at least have that much of a link with our protector.
Mayor Wilkenson waited at the door, almost the perfect picture of a gentleman at his leisure, but his desire to be done with this whole affair was almost palpable.
I hurried back to the kitchen counter and tore a piece of paper off of the tablet I'd been drawing on.
Whoever you are thank you so much for what you've done.
Not just for the job, but for smoothing things over with the bank as well.
I wish there was some way I could repay you for everything.
--Adriana Chapter 7 My alarm clock jerked me out of a thankfully dream-free slumber.
Actually, as I pulled myself out of bed I realized I'd had a virtual torrent of dreams, but none of them had been possessed of the strange vividness that'd begun haunting my waking moments.
I hadn't had one of the special dreams, ergo I hadn't had any dreams last night.
I really needed to get out of this town before whatever was in the water drove me completely crazy.
Actually, I probably didn't have much time in which to affect my escape.
When it came to craziness I was already halfway there.
After all, I'd already been diagnosed with the kind of clinical condition nobody with less than eight years of school could even pronounce.
As amusing as my internal monologue was, I didn't let it slow my normal morning preparations.
Almost before I knew it, I was downstairs and once again facing the dreaded decision of whether or not to eat breakfast.
I already knew I wasn't hungry; the only real decision was how much of Mom's wrath I was willing to face later on.
It wasn't until I had my hand on the doorknob that I remembered Brandon's promise to pick me up.
I was so tired I actually considered for a second that he might have been serious.
Sitting in his car, fighting not to look at his smiling gray eyes, it'd all seemed so reasonable.
I'd lost my ride and he was grateful I'd saved him from having to interfere with Cassie, so he was going to become my personal chauffeur for the rest of the year.
Looking at my empty lane, the school bus only minutes away, it seemed more likely Brandon wouldn't even remember talking to me.
Just like every hot boy with every loser since the dawn of time.
The thought hurt a little, but I'd had plenty of years to come to understand boys like that didn't go after girls like me.
Instead of dwelling on it, greenhouse gases or anything else I couldn't change, I simply shrugged my backpack a little higher and started down the lane.
Some kind of bird was merrily announcing to the world that he was ridiculously happy the sun was just rising, and that it was already pushing eighty degrees with the promise of something much, much worse before lunch.
I hadn't been waiting for more than a minute when a pair of headlights rounded the bend in the road coming from town.
I was so busy worrying how I'd deal with Cassie when I saw her that it took me a minute to realize the car had slowed as it approached.
"Wow, I drive all this way, and then you deprive me of the pleasure of the last hundred feet."
The deep, smooth voice was unmistakable even if the light was still too poor to make out anything else.
I slipped inside the Mustang with a grin playing at the edge of my lips despite my best efforts to remain cool and collected.
"Well, I didn't want to start your day off too well, or everything else would be anticlimactic."
"Really?
You weren't just worried I wasn't going to show up?
Because you understand how someone could've been thinking you'd walked down your lane so you could catch the bus if I'd forgotten about you?"
I'd been giving Brandon my crinkled-nose glare for a solid three seconds before his easy laugh made me realize what I was doing.
I hadn't done that to anyone in months, it'd been my trademark expression for when a family member had made me mad.
"Okay, you're right.
I didn't think you'd show."
"I should be very hurt by your lack of faith, but seeing as how you've been through so much lately, I'll forgive you."
My heart was suddenly trying to hammer its way out of my throat, which had constricted so tightly I couldn't seem to get any air down to my starving lungs.
"How did you...nobody knows..." Brandon's hand was on my shoulder despite my inability to remember how it had gotten there.
"Are you okay?
I was just kidding, you know, about the near fight and then telling Alec off and having Britney decide she was moving on to greener pastures.
I didn't mean anything by it."
The attack was still trying to overwhelm me, but Brandon not knowing the full extent of my weakness robbed it of some of the momentum necessary to roll me all the way under.
I managed some kind of reply, one that might've even been witty, but which apparently didn't manage to cover up the fact I wasn't really okay.
We drove in silence the rest of the way into town, and by the time we turned into the school parking lot I'd come back to myself enough to be desperately looking for something else to say.
I needed something cool enough Brandon wouldn't write me off as a lost cause.
Wish-granting fairies somewhere were working overtime, because as Brandon turned off the engine, I saw a mob of people over by one of the smaller entrances to the school.
"Wow, I wonder what's going on over there."
We were both out of the car now, and it seemed the most natural thing in the world to grab Brandon's arm and tug him over to the crowd.
It wasn't until I felt the iron-hard muscles under my now-tingling hand that I realized what I'd done.
I felt a surge of heat wash over my face and neck.
Brandon for once didn't have an easy comeback to defuse the awkwardness.
If anything he looked slightly uncomfortable himself.
"I'm sure it's nothing important..." He trailed off as my traitorous hand found his arm of its own accord and started pulling again.
I wasn't sure why I was so anxious; usually I avoided crowds like the plague.
Maybe I was just trying to prolong our time together.
I let go as soon as we reached the fringe of the crowd, and prayed it was only my imagination that made me think Brandon was just the slightest bit relieved.
Luckily there was plenty to distract me.
It looked like there'd been some kind of war behind the school.
The flagpole had a massive dent in its base, and actually looked like it was leaning slightly to one side.
The straggly grass, kept just barely alive by the nearly non-existent rain and infrequent watering by some anonymous grounds keeper, had been torn up.
Large patches of reddish dirt had been exposed and the ground was scarred by gouges that looked like they'd been made by some kind of farm machinery except for being so irregular.
My eyes were momentarily pulled back to the ground.
Something about the gouges was tickling the back of my mind.
Had I seen something like that before?
Hiking maybe?
Only I could count the number of hikes I'd actually participated in on one hand.
Surely something like that would've stayed with me.
Someone gasped as the crowd shifted around, distracting me from my half-formed suspicions.
I looked over at the exterior wall of the school and felt my jaw drop.
Maybe Mom had read the story about the three little pigs a few too many times to me when I was growing up, but I'd always thought of brick as the strongest possible building material.
I didn't have any idea if it really was, but it seemed incredible that anything could've wreaked such damage.
The bricks on the wall next to the door were cracked and set back in the wall, almost like they'd been hit with some kind of wrecking ball, and the concrete of the sidewalk had gouges crisscrossing its surface like some kind of abstract painting.
"There's nothing to see here, kids.
I want you to all disperse and go to your home rooms."
The short, mostly bald man who'd ordered us all to leave was just visible through a gap in the crowd.
He walked like an administrator, but I hadn't ever seen him before.
"Who's that?"
Brandon started just a little, like he'd been thinking of something else.
"Mr. Rindell, the assistant principal."
Now that my complete attention wasn't on the various destroyed bits of school property, I noticed how much whispering was going on.
Most of it was too quiet to catch more than bits and pieces, but I heard more than one 'completely jacked up', and a few people wondering what could have caused that kind of destruction.
Mr. Rindell apparently heard much of the same snippets of conversation.
"You would think by now you'd all be old enough to figure some of this out on your own.
The flag pole was obviously hit by some kind of vehicle, probably one of those big 4x4's that you kids seem to love so much down here.
The damage to the brickwork was no doubt the work of those stupid potato guns.
Now get out of here before I start handing out detention assignments."
Brandon was tugging on my arm now, not hard enough for anyone to think he'd been driven off by a mere school administrator, but urgently enough I allowed myself to be guided away.
We hadn't gone more than a step or two before his grip on my arm grew painful.
I hissed in discomfort and he released me, but not before I noticed that his other hand was white-knuckled and his jaw was clenched.
"Sorry, I just don't like to see that kind of needless destruction.
It makes everyone look bad and costs the town a lot of money."
Brandon's smile was back, but it didn't have his trademark easy carelessness.
"Now you sound like my mom."
We rounded a corner before Brandon could say anything else and nearly ran into Britney.
"Guys!
Did you see the back door?"
I could almost see the wheels turning in Britney's head.
First she went red as she remembered she'd stranded me at school, then her eyes got a little wider as she realized it was still about five minutes too early for me to have arrived on the bus.
Brandon's normal smile was back.
"Yeah, Adriana noticed it almost as soon as we pulled up to the school."
Her suspicions that Brandon had given me a ride into school satisfied, Britney managed a sickly smile and mumbled something about seeing us later as she disappeared around the corner.
I managed to make it another twenty feet before I couldn't restrain my laughter anymore.
Brandon joined in with a chuckle that was more restrained, but no less heartfelt.
We both wound down about the same time, and I wiped a tear off of the corner of each eye.
"I should feel bad for laughing at her, but she's so transparent.
It's nice to see her served with a little justice."
Brandon nodded with a smile.
"It's a little ironic.
She threw you overboard because she was worried you'd limit her upward mobility, and then the next day you arrive with the guy she's had a crush on since the day she moved into Sanctuary."
I punched him on the shoulder.
"You knew all this time?"
Another laugh, and a smile at the way I was trying to conceal how much the punch had hurt my hand.
"Of course I knew.
It isn't like I could do anything about that.
I've never led her on, but I've always been aware she liked me."
There didn't seem to be much else to be said, so I thanked Brandon again for the ride into school, and headed off to my home room.
Everyone had pretty much just pretended like I didn't exist before.
Now, with Brandon having taken an interest in me, I got everything from simple acknowledgment of my presence to obvious dislike, and even a couple of people who looked like they wanted to take Britney's place.
I suppose some people would have been thrilled by the chance to join the top of the social food chain, but it mostly just disgusted me.
I politely rebuffed the scavengers, ignored the haters, and carefully acknowledged the rest without giving them anything else to go on.
It was a rather depressing exercise.
By the time Mrs. Sorenson had fired a couple of ridiculously obscure questions at me, I found the good feelings I'd managed to carry away from the mayor's visit the night before had pretty much evaporated.
English should have been better.
Wuthering Heights wasn't ever going to be my favorite book, but Mr. Whethers had made the characters more real in the last few days and I was actually excited to see what he had in store next.
Unfortunately, Mr. Whethers wasn't there.
The substitute teacher sitting at his desk didn't even take roll; he just shut the door, told us to keep it down, and flipped open a magazine.
While I was sitting at my desk wondering what to do with the next hour of my life, something I'd read in the physics book suddenly clicked.
In a perfect world I would've been left in peace to finish reasoning out the answer.
Instead, Britney leaned over and smiled.
"So I was really surprised to see you with Brandon.
I thought for sure he'd be pissed after you made Cassie back down like that."
"Surprise, surprise, maybe he isn't as shallow and vindictive as you thought."
The words were mean, but they felt good.
There were a lot of other, even worse things on the tip of my tongue, things I really wanted to say.
For a moment, my anger warred with the fear of being completely friendless.
I'd always thought I didn't need any friends, that I was fine making my own way.
I was starting to realize I'd never really been alone before now.
I'd always had the best friend a girl could've wanted.
I'd just never recognized how much I'd depended on her.
Even that oblique thought was almost too much.
I felt my pulse quicken a little as the air seemed to vibrate.
"Look, I'm sorry about how I reacted yesterday.
I shouldn't have left you here like that."
Britney's voice was coated with sincerity, but it was the thinnest of layers, one which poorly disguised all kinds of nasty little feelings.
On the other hand, it distracted my mind from the string of thoughts I'd otherwise have followed all the way down to a full-blown panic attack.
It was a small thing in the grand scheme of the universe, but it was just enough to tilt the balance in her favor.
I still didn't like her any more than she really liked me, but I was willing to tolerate her.
To pretend we were friends so that neither of us had to face the scary world entirely on our own.
"Okay, apology accepted.
It wasn't very nice, but I suppose everyone makes mistakes."
Britney's eyes grew bright, even after such a short acquaintance, I knew she was about to launch into a blow-by-blow account of the last twelve or so hours.
"Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but I've got to finish up my physics homework.
Can we catch up during lunch?"
Britney looked a little crestfallen, but her eyes quickly lit back up, and before I could get my notebook out and start writing, she'd already switched seats to one closer to a gaggle of cheerleaders.
It was amazing that I hadn't made the connection between light, the fact that light acted like a wave, and the rainbows on the parking lot puddles, but it was all making sense now.
By the time the bell finally rang to release the circus back into the halls, I'd finished up a reasonable outline, and was feeling pretty smart.
Alec probably expected me to have been totally stumped, but I'd figured out the exact answer to the assignment, and I was so going to show him.
The glow of satisfaction more than made up for the fact that Britney chattered non-stop on our way to Algebra.
I felt like I should feel guilty for not liking her, but I was starting to notice how much of her conversation revolved around nasty gossip that made everyone else in the school sound like rejects or sluts.
When we finally made it to Mrs. Campbell's class, I slid into my seat with a sigh of relief.
This was the one class all day where I could virtually guarantee I wouldn't be talking to anyone.
Mrs. Campbell wasn't ever really mean, but she gave off an air that made you absolutely sure she wouldn't put up with any crap.
We were still working on statistics, which was nice in that I could follow what was being said and wasn't falling any further behind, but kind of a bummer because it meant I couldn't do a bunch of makeup work during class.
It was a relief when Mrs. Campbell finally capped her marker and turned us loose to work on the homework assignment.
I was midway through the first assignment when one of the aides slipped into the room and whispered into Mrs. Campbell's ear.
There was a kind of muted, collective gasp that made me look up just in time to see the color drain out of her face.
Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.
Every terrible thing that could possibly happen to a person flowed through my mind, and all I could do was hope I was overreacting.
Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
"So what do you think happened?"
"Britney, what are you doing?"
"What?
You finished up your homework already and she left.
We can totally talk right now.
What do you think happened?
I'll bet she just got some really, really bad news."
I felt a dull ache starting behind my eyes.
"Just because I finished my Physics doesn't mean I don't have other stuff I need to do, and I don't even want to guess at what would make her go that white.
I just hope whatever it was turns out not to be as bad as she thought it was."
Britney rolled her eyes.
"Please, like you don't have just as much reason to hate her as me.
Besides, what other homework could you possibly have?
You're like the most anal person I know when it comes to doing your homework.
Therefore you finished it all last night, and have nothing that could possibly be more important than talking to me."
Her logic sucked, but that didn't bother me even half as bad as how sure of herself she was.
I held up my math book with a look that I hoped conveyed how ridiculous she was being.
"Oh, that's perfect.
I don't understand any of this junk, so you can explain it to me now and then we won't have to spend as much time in that stupid tutoring lab."
The old me would have told Britney she was a self-centered wench, but the new me, the one that was all too aware of how much it would suck to go through the next two years of school without a single friend, just forced my face into something approximating a smile and tried to explain why drawing something at random from a bag with replacement was different than drawing something from a bag without replacement.
It was a fairly straightforward concept that we'd seen twice now.
I was pretty sure Britney was capable of understanding, she just didn't care, which was the one thing virtually guaranteed to make me mad.
Stupidity was bad enough; laziness would be a hundred times worse.
Still, by the second time through I'd clarified a couple of points I'd been a little fuzzy on, and was almost ready to believe Britney might actually apply herself to listening.
I was so caught up in what I was doing, and the ever-so-slowly growing light of interest in Britney's eyes, that the rest of the class had fallen silent for a full twenty seconds before the drop in noise registered for me.
"I want everyone back to their regular desks and hard at work on their assignments."
Mrs. Campbell wasn't as pale as she'd been when she'd left, but she still looked unsettled and more than a little unhappy, presumably with both whatever had caused her to leave so quickly, and the fact that she'd come back to a class where almost nobody had been doing anything productive.
I had a couple of heartbeats to hope she'd realized I'd been trying to help Britney with her homework, and therefore not deserving of any punishment.
"Britney, Adriana, I'll need to speak with you both after the bell."
Apparently the whole justice thing was on the fritz right now.
It would probably start working again just in time to punish me for whatever bad thing I did next.
I tried to work on my homework some more, but my heart wasn't in it, so I just sat at my desk and tried not to look like I was pouting.
All too soon class was over, and I found myself trailing Britney up to Mrs. Campbell's desk.
She still didn't look very happy, but there was a trace more self-control to her face than a few minutes before.
"Britney, despite spending at least an hour at the tutor lab each afternoon, the quality of your homework hasn't come up in the slightest, so I took the liberty of talking to your father yesterday."
Britney's gasp had all the dramatic effect you'd expect out of someone who'd spent the last decade of her life getting away with pretty much whatever she wanted.
She was obviously pretending to be sorry, all the while figuring her current trouble would blow over quickly enough if she just played her cards right.
"Your father agrees with me that your studies should be your highest priority, so you'll be staying an extra hour starting today, and ending once your performance improves.
Of course you can always continue to just waste your study time, but if you choose to do that I've been assured that additional penalties will follow quite rapidly starting with the loss of your car."
The next gasp was less impressive, but tangibly more genuine.
Even my being next couldn't stop a flash of satisfaction at the way Britney was finally having to face some of the consequences of her actions.
Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.
"While I can't for a moment understand why you've chosen to befriend Britney, I can't fault you on your willingness to help her despite her flaws."
I should have been overjoyed I wasn't in trouble.
Instead I felt guilty for being given far more credit than I deserved.
I opened my mouth to object, but was waved back into silence.
"Obviously I don't want you to make disrupting my class a habit, but that isn't why I wanted to talk to you.
Your studies are coming along nicely, and I've heard quite a few good things about you from other sources, so I'd like to offer you a job."
Now that I had a chance to talk, I wasn't sure what to say.
Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.
Mrs. Campbell gave me a tired smile.
"The tutor lab is still understaffed.
Obviously you couldn't spend your whole afternoon tutoring, as that would negatively affect your efforts to catch up.
I'm thinking just an hour or so per night.
It would just be minimum wage, but I think you'll find you quite enjoy teaching."
Still at a loss for words, I just nodded.
I started towards the door as soon as I was dismissed, but stopped at the threshold.
"Is everything okay Mrs. Campbell?
I mean it seemed like you were really worried when you left."
I trailed off, worried by the measuring look that she gave me.
"I don't suppose you're one of the gossipers, and I guess it wouldn't really matter if you were.
I got a call that my daughter had been in a car accident.
By the time I made it out to my car she'd called to tell me she wasn't hurt, just shaken up.
So, in answer to your question, yes, everything's all right.
I'm just a little unsettled."
Lunch was an awkward affair.
Britney was still upset.
I, on the other hand, was extremely happy I'd made a good enough impression to get a job.
I didn't like sitting there while Britney badmouthed Mrs. Campbell.
I looked up during one of Britney's infrequent pauses for air, and caught Alec staring at me.
Staring wasn't quite the right word though.
Strangely enough, it didn't seem like he was necessarily mad, but he didn't seem happy either.
I only caught his eyes for a few seconds before he looked away, but even his normally riveting blue eyes couldn't distract me from my inability to identify the look.
I was used to people disliking me, ignoring me, or even occasionally liking me, but this was the first time I'd met someone who seemed to be still trying to decide what camp to join long past the time when most kids our age would have either made a decision or just decided I was weird and started ignoring me.
Britney seemed to be getting suspicious that I wasn't really listening, so I had to make a lot of eye contact over the next few minutes.
When I finally got a chance to look back up, Alec and his friends weren't at their table.
Cassie caught my eye before I looked down, but she was definitely glaring.
Not the typical I-hate-you-and-I'm-going-to-do-everything-I-can-to-smear-your-reputation-and-get-you-in-trouble-because-we're-in-high-school-and-that's-all-I can-really-do type glaring.
Instead her eyes seemed to warn me never to go out alone at night because if she ever found me somewhere without any witnesses, they were going to have to hospitalize me.
I felt a chill run through me, and dropped my eyes out of involuntary reflex.
I probably would've started shaking if someone hadn't grabbed my shoulder and startled some kind of twisted cross between a shriek and a gasp out of me.
I turned to give whoever it was a piece of my mind, but Brandon's laughing gray eyes made the words tangle up before they made it down to my tongue.
"Hey there.
You still going to that tutoring lab after school?"
I managed a nod that I thought nearly looked casual.
"Good, I need to start tracking your movements so you don't keep running me over."
The rest of lunch and all of history passed in a blur.
My mind kept returning to Brandon, and the question of why he was taking such an interest in me.
It wasn't until I'd returned Mrs. Alexander's reference book to its shelf and sat down at my desk that I remembered I'd had to do the entire 'group' project by myself.
Alec hadn't even bothered to come to Physics since the assignment had been given.
My entire life I'd had people try and sponge off of my work, and I was way beyond sick and tired of it.
By the time Alec strode into class looking like the inspiration for every romance novel ever written, I was really mad.
I hardly waited for him to sit down before I pulled my desk a little closer and hissed at him.
"So very nice of you to come to class on the day our stupid assignment is due."
Alec's expression was remarkable in that I'd never seen anyone look so full of life while simultaneously failing to betray even the slightest hint of emotion.
He didn't even open his mouth as he reached into his bag and pulled out a bundle of densely-packed typewritten pages.
The arrogance of it all.
He hadn't even bothered to consult with me before typing up an answer that was probably completely off base.
I pulled out my shabbier, but correct, answer and mirrored his action, tossing my bundle on his desk before looking down at his report.
I skimmed through Alec's answer and felt my anger joined by surprise and just the slightest touch of admiration.
He struck on exactly the same theory as I had, and done at least as good of job explaining it.
Maybe even better considering that he took the time to review some of the underlying theory we'd been taught in class.
I'd just jumped right into the answer.
"You're right.
You never even came to class, and you got the right answer.
Did you cheat?
Is the answer to this problem out there somewhere on the Internet?"
Alec's face tightened with something I was willing to bet was anger.
"No, I didn't cheat.
I did the research to find the answer, presumably just like you did.
Next time you feel like insulting me, please suppress the urge."
I had at least one nasty comeback on the tip of my tongue, but I swallowed it.
I didn't like his tone, but he did have a right to be mad.
Luckily, I was saved by Mrs. Alexander's appearance at the door, a dry-erase marker behind one ear, a pencil behind the other.
The rest of the class period should have been enjoyable.
My group had the right answer, which I'd come up with on my own, and we were now learning about leverage, mechanical advantage, and friction, all of which were actually pretty interesting.
I studiously ignored Alec, even though I could all but feel him glaring at me the entire time.
When the bell finally rang, Mrs. Alexander looked up from her white board with a startled expression.
"I suppose that's it then.
Don't forget to turn in your assignments on your way out."
Anxious to make sure I got credit for all the work I'd done, I hurried up to the front of the class before Alec could get to his feet.
"Oh, Adriana.
It looks like you've been busy."
She took my handwritten report, and then held out a hand as Alec approached.
"Somehow I rather suspect you both have the same answer, Alec just used twice as many words to get there."
I shot Alec another dirty look, but it slid right off the armor of his arrogance.
He nodded to Mrs. Alexander, and then slipped out of the classroom.
"Run along, young lady, we wouldn't want you to be late for your next class."
Spanish went about like I'd expected.
There was a brief discussion on a new grammar concept, some vocabulary, and a whole lot of television.
Britney caught up with me at my locker, still complaining that she was going to have to start doing her homework instead of trying to flirt with football players.
"It's completely unfair.
Nobody else's parents get called.
It's like I'm back in grade school and have to deal with parent-teacher conference every month.
I thought the whole point of high school was to give us the chance to start making some of our own decisions."
I grunted something noncommittal as we turned the corner.
It probably wouldn't have been good enough to save me from having to actually say something, but Brandon was leaning against a wall.
"I thought it much safer to stay in one place and wait for you rather than wander around and risk getting knocked down."
I felt my skin flush with embarrassment.
It was fairly gentle as teasing went, but I hated how my skin looked when I was blushing which meant I blushed more than any two other people.
Not only that, I couldn't ever come up with anything good to say when someone teased me.
Brandon seemed to sense my unease, and flashed another gentle smile.
"I just wanted to find out if you had a way home tonight after you finished up with your math stuff."
Britney was almost jumping up and down.
"Oh, don't worry, Brandon, I'll give Adri a ride home.
The poor thing lives all the way out in the Anderson home.
I've been giving her a ride into school and home almost every day since she moved."
Brandon was still smiling, but I got the feeling that it was a little more forced.
"Perfect.
I'm going to go take care of some stuff then, but I'll see you both tomorrow."
Mrs. Campbell looked up from the plant she was watering as we walked into the tutoring room.
"Ah, there you two are.
Britney, you'll be sitting over there from now on.
Adriana, go ahead and get started on your homework.
When you finish come find me and we'll get you situated."
As always, Rachel was sitting at her table in the middle of no-man's-land.
She looked up at me and smiled as I took my usual spot and started on my homework.
For the first time all day I felt like I could relax.
The few times I looked up, I saw Britney, who seemed determined not to give in and actually do her homework.
I finished my two assignments about the time I normally did, and walked over to where Mrs. Campbell was trying to explain a story problem.
The sophomore she was helping looked like he wanted to be anywhere other than trying to figure out how long it would take Sally to mow the lawn given a certain width of lawn mower moving at a given rate of speed.
"Oh, Adriana.
Go ahead and walk around looking for students who need help.
Most everyone will leave in the next ten minutes or so, but we're actually open for another hour."
She was right.
Nearly everyone left over the next little while as they either finished up their assignments, gave up, or finally filled whatever quota of study time they'd been given by their parents.
I did get to answer a couple of questions, which was surprisingly fun.
When there was only half an hour left Mrs. Campbell walked over.
"Good job so far.
Albert, the other tutors, and I are all going to head out.
Stay here until closing time, and then you're free to go.
We'll see you tomorrow."
I watched as my new co-workers trickled out, and then looked around at the nearly empty room.
Rachel was still sitting at her desk in the middle of the room, and Britney was still pouting from her new, assigned seat.
"Let's go."
I shook my head.
"I told Mrs. Campbell I'd stay the whole time.
I'm not lying for you or anyone else."
Rachel piped up unexpectedly.
"It's okay, Britney.
If you want to leave we'll give her a ride home."
I could see the wheels turning in her head.
If I really did have a ride, she could leave without ruining things with Brandon; but if I wasn't going to lie, then there was a good chance that Mrs. Campbell would find out she'd left early.
Parents were relatively easy to fool.
Leave the tutor lab early, go somewhere else and kill some time until you were supposed to come home, and they'd never know the difference.
Teachers were a little harder, but if you didn't have the help of your 'friends', then they became an insurmountable obstacle.
The gears finally ground to a stop and Britney sighed as she put her head down on the table.
I tried to stop from smiling at her theatrics, but happened to look over at Rachel just in time to see a matching smile on the younger girl's face.
Before I could look away, Rachel held up the red side of her card.
"Do you have a minute?"
Happy to be able to do something, I hurried over and took a look at her open book.
"Fractions, huh?"
"Yeah, I'm supposed to reduce them after I finish adding, but I can't seem to get to the same answer as the book on this one."
She'd transposed a couple of the numbers when working on one of the intermediate steps.
"Here it is, you've changed the numbers here, it should be fourteen sixty-fifths, not fourteen fifty-sixths."
Rachel's skin was several shades darker than mine, tan enough that it didn't show embarrassment as easily, but it still looked like she'd gone the slightest bit red.
"Oh, I'm sorry to bug you with such a stupid mistake."
"Don't worry about it.
I'm just glad it was that easy.
I've been worried all day someone would stump me on something right out of the gate on my first day."
Rachel looked up at me through dark lashes as I stood.
"I've wanted to say thanks for a while.
I really appreciate you making Cassie back down yesterday.
Nobody else has ever stood up for me like that.
At least not people that I didn't already know."
Based on what I'd seen less than thirty hours ago, it didn't look like her friends stood up for her either.
"No worries, it just seemed like the thing to do at the time.
Why did she want to hurt you anyways?"
Rachel looked down, but somehow it wasn't a gesture that conveyed guilt.
"It's complicated."
I'd spent too much time with emotions and thoughts floating around in my own head that I didn't want examined too closely.
I wasn't about to pry if there was something she didn't want to tell me.
"I guess that's fair.
Let me know if you have any more questions."
Rachel nodded, and then turned back to her book, apparently having used up her store of courage for the afternoon.
I stopped by Britney's desk to ask if she needed any help, and had to avoid an attempt to suck me into another gripe session about Mrs. Campbell.
Satisfied that there wasn't anything I needed to be doing to help either of the other girls, and that they'd let me know if that changed, I broke out my Spanish book and reviewed some more vocabulary.
Despite my growing hatred for Mrs. Tiggs, I managed to get deep enough into my Spanish homework to lose track of time.
When I finally surfaced from abeja, camisa, and reloj it was just five minutes before I was supposed to close up for the afternoon.
Rachel pulled her things together and left while I was straightening up the chairs.
It was petty, but I waited inside the room until the clock showed exactly the time the lab was supposed to finish, and then joined Britney outside in the oppressive heat.
The air was so dry I could nearly feel it pulling the moisture out of my body as we started around the school towards where Britney had parked her car.
As we reached the west side of the building, the high-pitched growl of a performance engine tore a hole in the relative silence.
The edge of the student parking lot was just barely in view now, but it was enough to see the source of the noise.
A tiny figure barely recognizable as Rachel, was walking towards a dark-blue bullet bike, which had just roared to life.
We had to walk several more steps before I recognized the leather-clad, dark-haired figure on the bike as Alec.
My feet must have unconsciously slowed because Britney was now several steps ahead of me and looking back impatiently.
I tried to catch up, but Alec chose that moment to look up and stare in our direction.
He was quite a ways away, and his lovely eyes were covered by a pair of sunglasses, but I somehow knew he was looking at me.
He handed Rachel a helmet but continued to look at us, at me, while she put it on.
I was moving again, but my pulse sped up as Rachel grabbed a hold of her brother and swung her leg over the pillion seat on the bike.
She seemed to see us for the first time as a cold chill arced down my back and the horizon started to vibrate.
I managed to raise my hand in response to her wave, but it was an absent motion.
My attention was still on Alec and his unwavering stare.
Rachel leaned forward as if to say something to him, and he finally nodded and dropped the bike into gear.
A few seconds later the pair was screaming out of the parking lot, and my breathing was too labored for it to be anything other than a full-blown panic attack.
I made it another couple steps, just far enough to grab Britney as I started to fall.
I had a split second to be grateful I'd lost all of that weight so Britney wouldn't collapse under me, and then the darkness claimed me.
Even though I knew I wouldn't remember the void when I finally came to, I wanted nothing more than to just float in the darkness.
It had been a hard day.
I'd....actually I wasn't sure why it'd been a hard day, but something told me I'd unconsciously been at the end of my rope just before I'd collapsed.
Unfortunately that same thing told me I couldn't dwell here in the comforting absence, there was a very important reason for me to regain my feet.
The void was reluctant to let me go, stripping me of memories and experiences as I fought my way free.
By the time I was near surfacing I no longer remembered just how much I'd wanted to stay.
Britney was pacing back and forth when I opened my eyes.
She had her cell phone out and was looking like she wanted to dial 911, but was worried about the possible fallout.
I was on the ground, which for some reason made me more irritable than it should have.
Didn't she realize how hard it was to make it over to someone before collapsing like that?
It kind of defeated the whole point if they then put you on the ground where your clothes would take their normal, instantaneous-collapse beating.
"Oh my gosh, are you okay?
I wasn't sure what to do."
"I'm okay, I just need a minute."
Since I was already on the ground, I really did just want to lie there for a moment, scorpions, dirt and all, but Britney didn't seem to understand that concept.
Now that my eyes were open and the whole 911 question had been answered, she was determined to get me back on my feet.
Chapter 8 I was midway through brushing my teeth before I realized I'd had another night filled with nothing but regular dreams.
I'd walked into two different classes and found out that there were tests I'd forgotten about, been stranded at the side of the road, and been chased through some kind of rain forest, but while some of those dreams had been plenty terrifying, none of them had even a touch of the surreal vividness of the ones I'd had my first few nights in Sanctuary.
Maybe they were just some kind of psychological defense mechanism popping up in response to all the changes.
If so, I kind of wished I could be sick still.
It's a heck of a thing to not want to be healthy, but I'd gone to bed most every night hoping I'd get to experience another one.
It was depressing to think that I probably had one less thing to look forward to.
Looking at the clock, I saw that I was a bit behind schedule.
The bus would be here in about ten minutes, and Britney was supposed to arrive just a tad before that.
It was sad, but I didn't trust her anymore, so I'd probably take the bus if she didn't show up before it did.
I just couldn't risk her leaving me here without a ride.
She'd been way weirded out after my collapse.
I wasn't sure even the promise of Brandon's continued presence would be enough to convince her to come through on her word.
I hurried downstairs and grabbed my liquid lunch replacement out of the fridge.
I was in such a hurry I almost didn't see the new note on the white board.
Sorry I missed you last night.
Found a really promising spot.
Left early--looked like it might work if I was there at sunrise.
--Mom I wasn't sure what to think.
In theory she might be working on stuff for the brochure, but somehow I knew she was busy chasing her dreams once again.
Good luck, I'll see you later.
--A.
My backpack creaked and groaned as I picked it up.
Luckily most of my classes weren't moving as fast as I'd expected.
I was far enough ahead I could start picking a few subjects and working on them every night instead of bringing home my entire locker every day.
As always, it was already heating up despite the sun having only barely cleared the mountains.
It did seem like it wasn't quite as hot though.
Maybe it was getting late enough in the year to bring the temperatures down slightly.
It was too much to hope it would actually drop to the low seventies, even when December came around.
I made it down the lane and then started worrying.
It was like I couldn't win.
If Britney drove all the way out here and I was already gone because I'd taken the bus, she was going to be really mad.
On the other hand, if she didn't show, I had no other way to get to school, and Mom would freak out.
Part of the reason she felt like she could be gone so much ever since the accident was the fact that I always did the responsible thing.
If she started thinking I was cutting class, she was going be furious.
It would be like I was behaving irresponsibly and taking away her ability to pursue her art, all at the same time.
It was past time for the bus to arrive, and she still wasn't here.
A car zipped around the corner driving way too fast, just like Britney always did, but it wasn't white.
I looked past it, hoping to see another one following it.
My mouth nearly hit the ground when I recognized the throaty roar and dark paint job of Brandon's Mustang.
"I knew you'd be sitting here worrying she wouldn't come."
It took a minute for the words to make sense.
"Fine, but that doesn't shed any light on why you're all the way out here."
The gray eyes just visible in the slowly growing light crinkled up in a smile.
"I called her and told her I'd pick you up.
She can take you home, I'll come pick you up every morning."
My head was spinning.
Why would the most popular boy in school want to pick me up for school every morning?
"You don't need to do that; I can always just ride the bus."
Brandon flipped open the passenger door and motioned for me to get in.
I started around the vehicle, stumbling and nearly falling before I finally made it to my destination.
Brandon waited for me to get my seatbelt on and then gunned the engine, flipping around a hundred and eighty degrees in a maneuver I'd never seen anyone perform outside of the movies.
"Of course I don't have to pick you up.
It's more a matter of wanting to, if I can say that without making things all weird.
I have obligations at school, people who depend on me.
I can't spend the time I'd like getting to know you there, so it just made sense to free up some time in the mornings to make that happen."
Everything was just too unreal.
I couldn't believe it was all happening, so I chose to ignore the implications of what he was saying.
Boys like him didn't go for girls like me.
They didn't even acknowledge the possibility unless they were after something.
We'd been driving in more or less comfortable silence for several minutes before I decided to act before things got uncomfortable.
"So, tell me about yourself."
"There isn't much to tell.
I was born here, and I'll probably die here."
"More of the obligations you were talking about?"
Brandon nodded, staring off in the distance for a second.
"Yeah.
It sounds pretentious, but a lot of people depend on my family.
Half the businesses in the town are owned by my family, the other half are owned by Alec's mother."
The revelation was a bit of a shock.
I'd known all along they were both ridiculously rich, but them owning the livelihood of nearly every person in the town was mind-boggling.
Brandon seemed to know where my thoughts were headed.
"Pretty amazing, huh?
Anyways, I've been raised to believe I have an obligation to the town, to the people who work for us.
Part of that includes making sure other people with substantial resources don't abuse their power."
It was probably about as good of a chance to find out what was going on under the surface as I was going to get, but something inside me shied away.
It was like I'd be entering a new world, one in which some of my illusions would be shattered.
I'd have to face a colder interpretation of certain people's actions.
Brandon successfully defused any awkwardness, chuckling as he pulled into the school parking lot.
"You really didn't know any of that?"
I shook my head, more or less speechless, and he reached out and playfully tapped the side of my face with one finger.
The touch left my skin warm and tingling.
"That's what's so amazing about you.
Almost everyone else at school was born here.
They essentially look at every action as choosing between Alec and I. Britney, who could have legitimately stayed neutral, has been trying to get in my good graces almost since she arrived.
You, on the other hand, couldn't care less who has the most money."
It was an explanation.
Not an iron-clad one, but good enough for now.
I thanked Brandon for the ride, and was rewarded with one more wide, open smile before we split up and headed our separate ways.
I kept telling myself not to get caught up in the idea of being with someone for the first time in my life, but still went through the first two classes more or less in a daze.
Mrs. Sorenson was just as nasty as she'd been every day this week, but I didn't care when she managed to stump me on her second question.
I found myself subconsciously comparing Heathcliff with Brandon during English, and Mr. Whethers had to ask me a question at least twice before I realized he was talking to me.
I hardly even blushed at the inevitable giggles.
I made a mental note to find out from Britney if I'd caught his question on the second or third repetition, but I rather suspected I'd forget.
In fact, when class finally got out I remembered my question, but just didn't feel like asking.
Instead, I just wanted to get away from her and the never-ending gossip.
I waited until she stopped to talk to one of the cheerleaders about who was dating who, and then mumbled something about the bathroom, and made a break for it.
Not wanting to out-and-out lie, I ducked into the nearest restroom.
It was empty except for a mousy brunette I'd only seen a couple of times before.
I smiled and started to open my mouth to say hi, but thought better of it.
This was Sanctuary.
She wasn't going to acknowledge the new girl was even breathing, let alone sentient.
It should have bothered me, but I just shrugged it off and went to the far stall.
A split second after I'd closed the door I heard the heavy wooden outer door open.
Normally that wouldn't have caused me to even pause in my normal routine, but it suddenly felt as if the stall was too small.
"I told you to stay away from him, you stupid whore."
I didn't recognize the voice for all that I felt like I should.
It was a snarling alto that even distorted by anger had traces of smooth velvet, the kind of voice guys occasionally fantasized about, when they weren't thinking about other, less subtle, feminine features.
Something hit the stall next to me, hard enough to leave dents.
I was scared, I should have been terrified, but I was too busy trying to breathe.
It was like the air had become thick, and although the fine strands of hair on the back of my neck hadn't moved, it felt like they should be standing on end.
I heard indistinct sobbing, and then the voice returned and made me shiver.
The sensation started somewhere on my back, and traveled forward like it was clawing to get out of my face.
"I know you're sorry, just like you were sorry before.
Only I don't really believe you, so we're instituting a new policy.
If I catch you sniffing around him again, I'll kill you.
No questions asked."
My pulse skyrocketed as the raw terror hit.
I'd heard death threats a couple of times before.
You don't go to a school of any size without seeing fights, and usually by the time girls resort to physical confrontations they really are serious about hurting the other person.
When girls say they're going to kill each other, they mean it.
This was something else entirely though.
Whoever was on the other side of the flimsy metal door I was hiding behind didn't just believe she would kill the other girl, she knew it, like someone who'd killed before.
As scared as I was, I should have been a gibbering wreck, but strangely enough part of my mind was coldly rational.
If I walked out right now I might be okay.
If however they did kill the brunette, they'd come after me too.
It was possible, it turned out, to be rational but still completely paralyzed by indecision.
The girl was sobbing now, and my heart felt like it was about to tear itself into pieces.
The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.
I couldn't have been more wrong.
The air had felt heavy before, now it felt alive, like ground zero of a lightning strike a split second before the soil was blackened by three hundred thousand volts.
"Get out."
"Go to hell."
I expected whoever it was to leave, I would've.
I didn't expect for them to tell monster girl off, or that I'd recognize the new voice as belonging to Cassie.
The first girl was still whimpering.
It nearly covered up the distant sound of some kind of machinery kicking on and creating a barely-audible two-part growl that made the air shiver.
"You can't get away with this."
Cassie's voice was barely recognizable, a tattered shadow of her usual arrogance.
"I already have.
I've already told Lucy where she stands with Ben.
If you get in my way, if you approach him on her behalf, if you even think of acting on any of the hundred things going through your mind right now, I'll kill you too."
My knees were weak, but I had to get out now.
For all that I hated Cassie, there was no way this crazy chick would act on her threats when there were three of us to corroborate each other's stories.
I quietly swung the stall door open and felt my eyes go wide as I saw Lucy curled up, sobbing, at Jasmin's feet.
Neither of the other girls even bothered to look at me as I carefully moved to the door.
Jasmin took half a step to the side, giving me room to get around her, but there wasn't even a slight drop in the level of menace she was radiating.
It was like I didn't even exist.
I was still shaking on my way down the hall.
By the time I made it into Algebra, I thought I was going to throw up.
I felt like a complete coward, but I wasn't willing to go back there.
I rationalized it by saying there wasn't enough time before the bell rang, but I was really just scared.
Britney gave me a questioning glance from across the room, but I just shook my head.
I couldn't tell anyone about what'd happened.
Not yet at least.
Mrs. Campbell obviously knew something was wrong, but as soon as class ended I dodged out of the room and headed towards the relative safety of the lunchroom.
Britney's proclivity towards gossip was a complete godsend when you wanted to find out information about someone.
"Jasmin?
I don't know, people don't say very much about her.
She's got an incredible temper though."
"She's dating Alec right?"
Britney nodded emphatically.
"I've never seen them kiss or hold hands, but they've got to be.
She's totally rebuffed everyone, and he's never evidenced even the slightest interest in any other girl.
Plus, they're like the two hottest people in the entire school.
How could they possibly date anyone else?"
It was hard to argue with that.
Jasmin was the kind of brunette who disproved the old saying that gentlemen prefer blondes.
Any guy with a pulse would want her.
And Alec was like a composite of every gorgeous model ever born.
I could get past that and see he was a jerk, but that was just because girls seemed to be wired a little different.
None of it made sense.
If Jasmin was dating Alec, why was she so mad at Lucy for talking to this Ben boy?
I hadn't seen any other boys who were even close to as attractive as Alec and Brandon, and Jasmin didn't seem like the type to pick substance over form.
Britney had wandered off to other, safer subjects.
I nodded a lot and tried to avoid thinking about what life was going to be like if Jasmin was determined to kill me.
There was just no way to know if I'd made the right choice in leaving when I did.
Would Cassie hate me a little less because we were both potentially in Jasmin's crosshairs, or would she hate me all the more because I'd seen her humiliated and forced to back down?
I finally finished the little can that represented my lunch.
I wasn't particularly hungry, but I couldn't lose much more weight without Mom dragging me into a doctor.
Besides, it gave me an excuse to try and ignore the fact that half of the people in the room seemed to be staring at me when they thought I wasn't looking.
I finally worked up enough courage to look across the cafeteria as I peeled the label off of the can.
Alec wasn't at his usual place, but Brandon was at his normal table, surrounded by a smaller than normal group.
The discussion looked way more intense than normal, and seemed to center around him and Cassie.
It was all so crazy.
Two weeks ago my life had revolved around my inability to think of certain things without collapsing.
That hadn't changed, but now there was a distinct possibility Jasmin was going to hurt me just to ensure I stayed silent.
Oh, and I was actually considering opening myself up for some very nasty ridicule, just on the infinitesimally slim chance a boy who was so popular, rich, and gorgeous that he shouldn't even know my name might be interested in me.
Life was supposed to get better as you got older, but it was starting to look like it just got more complicated.
Just before I looked back down at the shiny aluminum of my now-naked can, Brandon looked up and caught my eye.
The smile on his face seemed to say all kinds of things.
I'm sorry I can't come over and talk.
They all really depend on me.
This whole thing with Jasmin is really crazy; we've got to figure out how best to handle it.
Maybe it really said all of those things, or maybe I was completely deluded, but it was definitely a smile.
That alone was enough to make my heart skip a beat, and send a warm tingly feeling lapping through me like a wave of distilled happiness.
I was halfway through History before I realized there'd been something odd about the discussion at Brandon's table.
Luckily, Mr. Simms started out the class in usual form.
It was virtually guaranteed we wouldn't learn anything which was fortunate or I might have missed something.
Once my mind latched on the question of what had been different than normal, I didn't hear a word anyone else said.
It wasn't until I was back at my locker and midway between switching out my History book for my Physics notes that I finally realized what it was.
Normal juniors didn't sit at a lunch table and figure out what to do about anything.
They complained, they gossiped, they boasted about what they were going to do, but it was all just an exercise designed to reinforce the social order.
I'd seen it played out in multiple grades, among groups ranging from the jocks down to the lunatic fringe, and while the details changed, the overall form didn't.
It was a universal constant, like the speed of light or maybe gravity.
Only Brandon's group hadn't been gossiping.
They'd been discussing, brainstorming even.
I didn't know what it meant.
I didn't even know if it was a good thing.
It made Brandon more intriguing, but he hardly needed any more help there.
With a sigh of frustration, I walked into Physics, smiled at Mrs. Alexander, and took my normal seat.
I could pretty much set my watch by Alec's arrival.
Apparently it wasn't cool to be caught inside a classroom more than fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
It was a sign of just how far removed from reality I was that he was able to sit down in the other corner before I even realized he'd stepped through the door.
I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.
Only the bell should have rung by now, and it hadn't.
I looked up at the clock and it confirmed that there was still at least a minute before class started.
A slight rustle to my right brought my head around, and I looked up to find Alec smiling at me.
I couldn't remember for sure if he'd ever smiled at me before, but I found myself suddenly positive he hadn't.
I would have remembered such a strangely innocent expression.
Brandon's smile was one of the most genuine I'd ever seen, the kind of thing that only the most deceptive person could possibly pull off and not mean.
Alec's smile was like the first bloom on a flower, something so new, so unpracticed that there wasn't any possible way it was anything other than sincere.
It made me tingle all over, and want to giggle like I was still six.
Several seconds passed before I realized I'd been unconsciously returning his smile.
I felt a blush slowly rising past my throat, but I couldn't look away.
Luckily the bell broke my strange fit of paralysis, and I was able to regain some of my composure while Mrs. Alexander struggled her way through the role.
"I've been thinking about the fact that I didn't really give you young people a chance to ask any questions that might have come up during the course of your work on our section regarding light.
Now's your chance, please ask away.
If I don't know the answer, I'm sure that together we can find an adequate explanation for whatever you might have come across."
The class was quiet for several seconds, before a hand finally shot up.
I could have predicted who it would be.
Every class has at least one teacher's pet.
Some of the kids end up that way because they have this bizarre thirst for knowledge, some go that route because they like to make everyone else look stupid.
Sammy was in the latter group.
She'd probably been saving a question about light since we'd started the unit.
Just in case an opportunity presented itself to earn some brownie points.
"Mrs. Alexander, I read something about water around reactor cores giving off a blue light.
Can you explain how that works?"
I'd expected something stupid, but glowing water made me think of the vivid dreams.
I listened as intently as I'd ever listened to anything, and did my best to follow all of the diagrams as Mrs. Alexander attempted to break a college-level concept down into something fairly average high-school students could follow.
"So, in short, really it's a matter of the hydrogen and oxygen atoms attempting to shed the excess energy they've gained from the radioactive particles emitted from the core.
The energized electrons give off radiation in the visible light spectrum during the process of dropping down to a lower energy state."
Hmm, an interesting concept, but still not an explanation for how the water in my dream had given off a soft golden glow, one that had rippled with the movement of the water.
Almost before I'd realized it, my hand shot up.
"Is the light always blue?
Is it ever a whitish-gold color?"
Mrs. Alexander looked slightly startled, like she'd never thought of such an idea, or maybe just that she hadn't been expecting a question from anyone other than Sammy.
"Not that I'm aware of.
The water will actually emit quite a bit of ultraviolet light, but for whatever reasons, the electrons don't ever seem to release any electromagnetic radiation down in the lower energy levels like infrared, or even the visible red.
You'd need red and all of the other colors to generate a true white light."
It was obvious we were on the wrong track here.
"What about some other mechanism?
One that wouldn't just make water glow with a dancing gold light, but plants too.
Do you know of anything like that?"
I heard something snap off to my right, but I was too busy blushing from the chorus of giggles coming from the front of the classroom.
Even Mrs. Alexander had an amused smile on her kind face.
"While there are certain types of vegetation that do indeed glow, I'm afraid I don't know of any natural phenomenon that would create the kind of effect you're referring to.
Such a thing is still the provenance of science fiction writers."
I knew I'd gotten a little carried away.
The prime rule of high school survival involved avoiding situations people could use to ridicule you later, but I'd really wanted a rational explanation for my dreams.
They seemed so real.
I needed a friendly face to get me through the rest of class.
Remembering Alec's smile from earlier, I looked over at him, hoping he'd return my sheepish grin.
It was almost like he was a different person.
The smile was gone.
It'd been replaced with a steely mask that almost completely hid his emotions.
Only the look in his eyes, and the mechanical pencil in his hand, neatly snapped into two pieces, told me he was mad, that something very much like hatred was washing through him.
I felt like I'd been punched in the stomach.
It shouldn't have mattered.
I'd known he hated me pretty much ever since I'd met him.
Somehow it did matter though.
To have his friendship dangled out in front of me only to be yanked away a heartbeat later was somehow crueler than I'd ever guessed it would be.
It all fit together though.
Jasmin had told him I'd overheard her death threats, and he'd decided to use his good looks to convince me to keep quiet.
Only he hadn't been able to keep the act up for more than just a few seconds.
I must really repulse him.
Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.
Spanish was both better and worse.
Better because without Alec sitting six feet away from me I was able to think about something other than him, worse because we had a pop quiz and I barely placed in the A- range despite having spent a fair amount of time on my vocabulary.
Math was plain and simply burning up too much time.
Something needed to change because my only hope of going to college was to get a scholarship, or load up on student loans, and I had no desire to graduate sixty thousand dollars in debt and spend the next fifteen years trying to pay it all off.
By the time I met up with Britney in the hall I was emotionally exhausted and could feel an attack hovering in the wings.
Much as I'd have liked to, I couldn't continue to blow her off.
She was my only friend, and I definitely didn't want her spreading the kind of rumors about me that she routinely spread about everyone else.
"Wow, you look like crap.
Are you going to collapse like you did last night?"
"Thanks, Brit.
You look ravishing too, and no, I'm not going to collapse.
I just haven't been sleeping very well lately.
I'm probably coming down with something."
Britney shrugged with the supreme indifference of someone whose world extended only a few feet beyond their immediate person.
"Just don't get me sick if you do.
Ashure Day isn't that far away."
We were halfway to the tutoring lab, and the halls were nearly empty.
Everyone was always in such a hurry to get out, to go home, or to a party.
Anywhere but here.
"Oh, speaking of boys, I saw Brandon between fifth and sixth period.
I made sure he knew I'd get you home after tutoring.
He's so gorgeous.
I don't know how you're doing it, but whatever it is, don't stop.
He's the surest ticket ever to the A-list."
I wanted to throw up a little, but I managed to smile and hold the door open for her.
If I made it through the next two hours without having an attack it would be a miniature miracle.
Halfway through the walk to my normal table I looked up and saw Rachel smiling at me with almost the exact same innocent, convincing smile her brother had used on me just a couple of hours before.
My insides simultaneously tensed up with hurt and relaxed in happiness.
The best I could really have expected out of the experience would have been to stay on an even keel, but instead it was almost as if part of my frustration evaporated.
I still wasn't ready to get up and sing any songs, but it was starting to at least look like I might manage to finish out the day.
Especially surprising considering my current mental state, it only took me half an hour to finish up the two Algebra sections I'd assigned myself.
Mrs. Campbell stopped by my desk a few seconds after I finished up.
"We don't really need the extra help until later.
Is it okay if you just start at the same time you did last night?"
She accepted my nod at face value, but then paused in the act of turning away.
"Is there anything wrong?
You seemed awfully distracted in class today."
My headshake wasn't very convincing.
I'd known it wouldn't be, but couldn't manage anything more.
It was a relief when she chose not to press for more information.
By the time people started trickling out and my shift started, I'd spent plenty of time watching Britney pout, and very little time actually working on my homework.
I think it was really starting to sink in that she wasn't going to be able to get out of continuing to spend most of her afternoons here.
Albert, Mrs. Campbell, and the other tutor all waved goodbye as they left.
One of the cheerleaders, a particularly whiny specimen named Jackie, wanted help, which I was happy to offer, even in my current state.
Unfortunately she thought that meant I'd just hand over all the answers.
We spent a good ten minutes with her trying to offer a variety of covert bribes ranging from the insignificant to things she couldn't possibly deliver.
I kept telling her I wasn't interested and that she'd just have to do the work.
Surprisingly enough, once she accepted that, she actually buckled down.
It only took another ten minutes to explain the Pythagorean theory to her.
By the time I stood up from Jackie's desk, there were only four of us left.
Britney was staring sullenly at her book.
I thought about going over and seeing if she needed any help, but after helping Jackie I was feeling pretty good.
I turned and headed back to my desk, smiling at Rachel as I passed.
"Adri, do you have a sec?"
The deadly nickname.
Apparently I'd only thought I was doing better.
The good feeling I'd gotten from helping Jackie had just been the deceptive crust of ice hiding the sub-zero deathtrap below.
My desk was too far away.
I wanted to try and gut it out, but the emotional extremes from the day had been too draining.
I slumped into the empty chair next to Rachel and tried to concentrate on my breathing.
Maybe I could lessen its impact, somehow have a mini-attack that made my mind blank out, but left me enough control over my body to remain seated in the chair.
Rachel grabbed my arm, disrupting my concentration.
"Are you okay?
What's going on?"
She had a cell phone out, partially hidden by her desk.
Part of me wondered why I'd never seen her with a phone before.
Most girls walked around looking like they'd had some experimental surgery that created a two-way graft between their phone, their hand, and their ear.
It didn't really matter though.
Cell phone or not, the biggest part of me was already floating away to somewhere safe.
"I'll call Alec; he'll know what to do."
She was still whispering, but the words sheared through the darkness, arresting my fall.
I didn't want him here, didn't want to give him another reason to despise me.
What if Jasmin came with him?
The thought of lying helpless with her in the same room sent shivers of cold sliding down me.
I couldn't see, so I reached out, blindly trying to find the phone before Rachel could dial Alec.
My questing hand finally found the tiny, hard-plastic package, and I grabbed on with all of my fading strength.
The darkness was still beckoning, but alternating images of Jasmin and Alec flashed before my eyes.
I was so confused that I couldn't make sense of the flood of emotions that accompanied the pictures, other than the fact that terror came to the forefront as they sped up.
Faster and faster the two figures changed places, and then they disappeared.
It was like my mind was a computer that'd overheated and had to reboot.
I opened my eyes and met Rachel's worried gaze.
My pulse was still elevated, and I was breathing too hard.
It seemed impossible for Britney and Jackie not to hear and realize something was up, but a quick look verified that they were still lost in their respective inner worlds.
"You just had another fainting spell, didn't you?"
I felt my eyes go wide.
Nobody here was supposed to know about that.
The more people who knew, the more pity I'd see in everyone's eyes.
All that pity would then make it hard to want to continue fighting, hard to want to do anything other than just curl up in my room so I could avoid them all.
Rachel shook me gently, apparently not convinced I was mentally where I was supposed to be.
"Britney's been telling people you collapsed yesterday after school.
This makes twice in two days, and I know that yesterday wasn't the first time."
The tired, dreamy remnants of my attack were suddenly burned away as I registered the meaning of what Rachel had just said.
Vague suspicions that people had known about Jasmin's threats vanished, driven away by the truth that Britney had been gossiping about me just the way she gossiped about everyone else.
Rachel grabbed my arm as I tensed up.
"I don't know what you're going to do, but maybe you shouldn't get up yet."
I looked over at Rachel's concerned face and opened my mouth to thank her for whispering, for keeping my secret, only the words didn't come out.
Instead the image of Alec, the one that had burned itself onto my retinas a few seconds previously just as it had done in physics when I'd looked over to see his broken pencil, flared back into life before my eyes.
"You knew there was another time.
Alec told you about Physics."
Rachel opened her mouth, probably to deny it, but the look in her eyes told me it was true.
She couldn't possibly be that scared about me putting two and two together if he'd been saying nice things about me.
He hated me, and she was scared of him, scared of what he'd do if he found out she'd let his secret slip.
"It's not like that, Adri.
It's..." I didn't even have to cut her off.
She couldn't finish her own thought, couldn't come up with a lie that was believable.
I shook my head and went back to my desk before my invulnerability wore off and she brought on another attack.
I missed them both so badly.
Dad had always been there to listen when I got into problems like this.
He'd known how to deal with the world, how to work with circumstances so that what resulted was beneficial, or at least something I could live with.
And Cindi.
If she were still here this would all be a moot point.
I hadn't ever needed any other friends while she was alive, hadn't ever had to really put myself out there where I could get dragged into the kind of stupid infighting I'd read about for so many years growing up.
Chapter 9 I couldn't bring myself to speak to Britney the entire way home.
It didn't really matter; she spent the whole time complaining about a dozen different ways in which everyone around her was making her life miserable.
She didn't need any kind of response from me.
I had the house to myself again, so I worked on homework until I was too exhausted to continue.
It wasn't until I was almost asleep that I realized I was hoping I wouldn't have one of the incredible, vivid dreams tonight.
Alec's cameo role in my last two had apparently been sufficient to tie him inseparably to all of the special dreams, and as silly as it was, I didn't want to see Alec right now.
Not even just in my dreams.
Maybe there really wasn't any kind of link between him and the dreams.
Maybe I'd have one of them tonight without him making any kind of appearance.
I sincerely hoped not, but I'd rather not have them right now than see the disdain he'd displayed earlier in the day.
** The next morning played out essentially the same as the day before.
I awoke to an empty house, and then hurried to get ready and down to the bus stop so I wouldn't be stranded if nobody else showed up to give me a ride into school.
Brandon smiled as he pulled up and found me patiently waiting for the school bus.
"One of these days you're going to go ahead and wait for me at your house, and then I'll know you finally trust me."
I didn't feel much like playful banter, but I marshaled a semi-convincing smile and gave it my best go.
"Oh, I trust you, I just know that you've got more important things to worry about.
One of these times you'll either forget to come get me, or you'll forget to tell me you're not coming by anymore."
Brandon let the silence build for several seconds.
"I'd try and convince you I'm not going to do any of that to you, but I suspect that's just going to take time."
I was busy kicking myself for having cast such a pall over the morning, when Brandon sighed.
"We should talk about what happened to you yesterday."
"I don't know what you're talking about.
Nothing happened."
Deny everything.
It's essentially the motto of two entire generations now.
Make them tell you exactly how much they know before you admit to anything, and then only admit to the parts they already know about.
It's a crappy way to run a society, but I'm just one kid.
I can't be blamed for just trying to keep my head down and survive.
We were already pulling into the parking lot.
He must have been driving even faster than normal.
That should have triggered another panic attack, but the tension in the black Mustang was high enough to distract my subconscious for now.
Brandon smoothly pulled the bulky car in between a pair of SUVs and cut the engine before turning and hitting me with the full force of his gray eyes.
"Adriana, I promised to protect you.
I know it's kind of anachronistic, but I take those kinds of promises seriously.
Most of us here in Sanctuary do.
I need to know what you saw and heard while you were in the bathroom with Lucy and Jasmin, before Cassie arrived."
"You're going to protect me from Cassie and Jasmin?"
His face was completely serious as he nodded.
"If necessary, but I need to know what else was said so I know how serious things are.
Jasmin had a really tough childhood.
Her mom was killed while she was really young, and her father was pretty abusive.
Alec's mother did a good thing by bringing her into their home and trying to give her a decent life, but she's not completely stable."
My laugh had a touch more hysteria in it than I'd meant to let slip through.
Brandon didn't look at me like I was losing it though.
"You're not the only one to realize she's dangerous, it's just that Alec's family has a lot of influence, and so far she's avoided doing anything they couldn't cover up."
I drew a deep breath and nodded.
"Okay, I don't remember exactly what she said, but she was mad at the other girl, Lucy.
Something about staying away from a boy, I don't remember if she said his name.
Then Jasmin said she didn't believe Lucy was sorry, and that she'd kill her if Lucy didn't stay away from him."
Brandon nodded slowly.
"The boy's name's Ben.
I'm not sure why she's fixated on him the way she has, or why she views Lucy as such a deadly threat to her chances with him, but it's essentially that simple."
I felt like my head should be reeling from the sheer stupidity.
Even in a town this small, it didn't seem like the competition for the available males should be a matter for death threats.
Brandon took my head shaking as denial of what he'd said, rather than disbelief regarding the situation.
"I promise that every word I just told you is true.
More importantly, I promise I'll make sure nothing terrible happens to you."
Looking into Brandon's caring eyes, I almost couldn't believe any of it.
Being threatened and then having the perfect man come to your rescue didn't happen in real life.
Then again, maybe I was due for some happy endings.
With a sigh, I thanked him for the ride, and we parted ways.
The only thing of note that happened in Biology was that for a few moments at the beginning of the hour it almost seemed that the near-constant stares had somehow changed and taken on a more sympathetic tone than they'd had previously.
It seemed silly to even entertain the idea.
People my age don't really do sympathy very well.
We're much more inclined towards ridicule and hasty, usually unfair, judgments.
Still, something had changed.
I held onto that hope right up until I saw Mrs. Sorenson joining everyone else in staring at me whenever I looked down at my book.
There was no mistaking the look on her face; it was utter distaste, possibly with a dash of disdain.
I was so tired of it all.
By the time English rolled around my natural embarrassment had given way to actual anger at Britney for starting it all.
She tried to catch me at our lockers in between classes, but I pretended not to hear her, and made it safely into Mr. Whethers' class before she could catch up.
Part of me acknowledged how petty it was, but I avoided her attempts at a whispered conversation during class.
Mr. Whethers unknowingly helped my cause, when he crossly silenced a couple of girls on the far side of the classroom.
He was normally so even-tempered that even his moderate rebuke instantly shut them up.
I probably shouldn't have felt quite so happy about it, but I was pretty sure from the way they'd been looking at me that I'd been the source of their gossip.
When the bell finally released us, I couldn't avoid Britney any longer.
"Adri...ana, why didn't you tell me?"
I didn't answer for several seconds, not sure I'd actually heard her right.
"Tell you what?"
"Fine, play coy.
I just think you should know it's pretty lame for me to find all that stuff out second hand.
We're best friends; you should totally have trusted me enough to tell me."
Apparently I'd only thought the anger was under control.
It frothed beneath the surface right now, anxious for a reason to bite someone's head off, and Britney was the preferred target.
Only I needed her.
Not enough to completely dismiss what had happened though.
"I don't know what you're talking about, but I honestly wouldn't have told you anything I wanted kept a secret.
Not after the way you told everyone about my panic attacks."
Britney looked like she was having a hard time getting enough air.
She gasped a couple more times, and then managed to get some words out.
"I'm so sorry.
I didn't realize you'd care.
I thought it would be okay."
I pinned her in place with my eyes for several seconds to prove I didn't believe her, and then shrugged.
"I don't suppose it matters all that much.
I just know now that I can't trust you with those kinds of things."
Mrs. Campbell's class served as another safe haven.
There were still plenty of looks, but nobody dared gossip, and Britney was safely seated on the other side of the room.
I took a little bit of sick satisfaction over the fact that everyone else was frantic about our test tomorrow.
I actually couldn't have been happier.
This was the first section where I'd been in a position to sit for the exam with everyone else.
Our lecture essentially consisted of an extended review, which I quickly realized I didn't need.
I broke out my book and started in on one of my catch-up assignments instead.
At the rate I was going I'd be able to take my makeup exam way ahead of schedule.
It was a pretty lame thing to be excited about, but just having something going well for a change helped compensate for the rest of my life.
Amazingly enough, the satisfaction from having accomplished so much shielded me for most of the rest of the day.
I withstood Britney's varied, mostly unsubtle, attempts to make me feel guilty for not spilling my guts about whatever big secret she thought I had, and even held up through the complete boredom that was Mr. Simms' class.
It wasn't until I walked into Physics that I felt the cold hand of reality reach out and caress the back of my neck.
Alec was uncharacteristically early, already sitting at his normal desk.
He looked up and briefly met my eyes when I reached my desk, but there wasn't even a trace of acknowledgment in his gaze.
Mrs. Alexander started class, reviewed a couple of points that other groups needed clarified, and then released us to work on our assignments.
I waited several seconds for Alec to make some kind of move, and then with a flash of anger stood and carried my things over to the desk next to his.
I nearly jumped when he opened his mouth.
"You'll want to review page 89.
It contains most of the relevant formulas.
We'll need to know exactly how they work.
We'll be given an unknown weight, an unknown number of pulleys, and expected to move it all with the most efficient arrangement possible."
It almost didn't seem like he was talking to me.
There was no emotion in his voice, no gentle teasing; he didn't even meet my eyes.
I sat down with a slight hope that he'd thaw out a little by the time class ended, only to shake my head in disbelief when the bell finally rang and proved me irrevocably wrong.
Maybe he'd go back to normal after a few days.
There really wasn't any way to know though.
I didn't even know what'd brought on the sudden change.
Was he really just angry I'd overheard Jasmin threaten Lucy?
Why did I even care?
Spanish dragged by at a snail's pace, but somehow before I knew it, I was walking with Britney towards the tutor lab.
I should have been surprised when we rounded a corner to find Brandon casually leaning against the wall, obviously waiting for us, for me.
"You still okay to go home with Brit today?"
He acted like it was all my choice.
It gave me goose bumps.
Britney almost tripped over herself assuring Brandon that we were still the best of friends, and she wouldn't even think of leaving me without a ride.
Obviously if it wasn't convenient for him to take me, she would love to make sure I got home okay.
Brandon's face remained serious through Britney's torrent of words, but he winked at me when she looked down to catch her breath.
"Perfect.
I'll go take care of some stuff then.
You two enjoy all of that math, and I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Maybe you'll even wait for me at your house this time."
It unsettled me a little that such a simple statement could cause industrial-sized butterflies to spontaneously appear in my stomach, so I tried to push the thought out of my mind.
I hesitantly returned Rachel's tentative smile, and then dug into my homework.
Mrs. Campbell stopped by for a few minutes, obviously checking to make sure that I was over my aberrant behavior from yesterday.
I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.
As much as I would have liked to just call it a day, another good effort added to what I'd done earlier would put me two or maybe even three days ahead of my personal schedule.
With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.
Only it didn't look like that was going to be the case.
Apparently most of them hadn't been serious about learning the material--they'd just wanted to come to the lab, make a half-hearted attempt, and then leave secure in the knowledge that if they failed the test they could whine to their parents about how hard they'd worked.
But Mom, I even went to the lab.
It sort of made sense though.
If they'd been serious about acing the test, they'd have been here every night for the last two weeks instead of trying to cram a few more morsels of knowledge into their heads at the last minute.
Mentally shrugging at the stupidity of it all, I pulled out my Spanish and studied my vocab for a few more minutes until Mrs. Campbell came by to wish me goodbye.
"It looks like most everyone's gone again.
The last few will probably leave in the next ten minutes."
She dropped her voice to a conspiratorial whisper.
"I actually prefer they do.
That way when their parents phone in to complain about how poorly they did on the exam, I can point out that the lab was open for another hour, but they didn't bother to stick around for the extra help."
It was a speech that made her sound like a grouchy old lady, but I was starting to know her well enough to take it in the proper context.
She would gladly have done just about anything to help a student who really wanted to learn, but was tired of having students try and use her as an excuse for their own laziness.
I waved goodbye to everyone as they left, and then made a quick round of the remaining students.
Rachel and Britney were both in their accustomed places, Rachel studying away as always, and Britney making some weak efforts to do likewise.
Two of the other three, a boy and a girl I recognized from second hour, but whose names I couldn't even begin to remember, were already packing their books into a pair of book bags, one of which was a fairly utilitarian item, the other of which probably cost as much as my whole wardrobe.
I couldn't place the last boy for all that he looked really familiar.
He had incredibly dark skin and features with a slight Middle Eastern cast.
When he shifted in his seat, I realized he was built like a football player.
Not like a lineman, but like a running back, or maybe a quarterback.
He wasn't as big as Brandon, or even as Alec, but he was obviously well muscled, and he moved with an echo of their grace.
None of which helped me figure out where I'd seen him before.
He wasn't a regular at the tutor lab, and didn't have the hectic, desperate look of someone cramming for a test.
Instead he looked completely at ease sitting in one of the no-man's-land tables with a pair of books open in front of him.
By the looks of things he wasn't going to need any help.
Once it was just the four of us, Britney waved me over and held up her homework.
"I don't get it.
What is the answer to this one?"
I shook my head in exasperation.
"Me telling you the answers won't help you on the test.
If you have a specific question about how to work a problem I'd be more than happy to help you, but I'm not going to do your homework for you."
Britney looked like she had all kinds of things that she'd like to say, but she showed more restraint that I'd realized she was capable of, and kept them all inside.
"Please explain this one then."
I ran through three different examples of the same problem before she got it, but thirty minutes later she was finally working on her homework for the first time I'd ever seen.
I was surprised just how satisfying it was.
Maybe I should become a teacher.
Rachel caught my eye before I made it back to my table.
She gave me another tentative smile as I slid into the seat next to her.
"I'm really sorry about yesterday.
I said all of the wrong things.
It's just I'm not supposed to talk about what Alec says."
Wow, he sounded like even more of a jerk than I'd expected.
Talk about controlling.
"It's okay Rachel.
I'm sorry I overreacted at finding out my attacks were public knowledge.
It was mostly meant for Britney."
She cocked her head slightly to the side and looked at me with incredibly large blue eyes that seemed older than they had a few seconds before.
"It really bothers you that everyone knows?"
I shrugged uncomfortably.
"I guess maybe it shouldn't, but it does.
Nobody likes to be ridiculed, but it's even more than that.
The attacks started up a couple of months ago.
They...remind me of a really terrible thing that happened, so when people make a big deal out of them it's like it's all happening again."
Rachel nodded slowly, her wonderfully expressive face full of sympathy.
"I'm sorry to have pried like that.
If I'd known it would make you feel bad, I wouldn't have asked."
I tried to shrug indifferently, but she seemed to see through my pretenses.
"I normally wouldn't have said anything, but knowing what I know now, I wouldn't want you to go through the next several days hurting inside because you think everyone looking at you out of the corner of their eye is ridiculing you."
Confident she didn't really need help, and eager to avoid further reminders of just how broken I was, I'd been standing to return to my desk.
The words were plenty foreboding, but they had an impact all out of proportion from what they should have.
I sank back into the chair and turned towards Rachel.
Not enough to actually make eye contact with her, just enough I hopefully didn't come off rude.
Maybe the illusion of space would be enough to cushion me from whatever she was going to say next.
Rachel waited a second, giving me a chance to say something before she proceeded.
"You should know that someone released another rumor about you, about your attacks."
My heart sank.
I'd only thought things couldn't get any worse.
Once everyone knew exactly why I was emotionally crippled they'd have even less sympathy.
They'd pretend to feel sorry for me.
They'd talk about how hard it must have been to suffer such a loss, but they wouldn't understand, wouldn't have the frame of reference to feel what I was feeling.
They'd secretly talk about all of the people they knew who'd lost family members and been okay after a few weeks, or a couple of months.
How even at their worst, those friends hadn't collapsed at the mention of their departed loved ones.
My pulse was already almost twice as fast as normal, and the room was just starting to wobble from side to side.
Rachel was saying something, but I couldn't really hear her.
The void was gaping below me, when something grabbed my shoulder and shook me surprisingly hard.
I opened my eyes to see Rachel looking at me.
"I'm sorry I had to do that, Adriana, but you need to hear what I have to say."
Half of me wanted to be angry, but the other half just wanted to collapse into the void.
Force of habit won over anger and I passively let my defenses crumble, but apparently being shocked out of a collapse functioned much the same as having just come out of an attack.
For the next few seconds at least I was safe, could think about anything I wanted without fear of the repercussions.
Only Rachel was talking, ruining my concentration, so the only thing I could focus on was her words.
"The rumor revolves around the fact that you tragically lost your boyfriend in a vicious car wreck."
The immunity meant I hadn't expected the words to hurt, hadn't expected the flash of surprise that spiraled up from my center.
The words were close to the truth, but not right somehow.
"He was someone special, some of the rumors put him as some kind of model or actor, or maybe a semi-pro athlete.
You'd been dating for two years, and were in the car with him when it happened.
It was so devastating that you've had a hard time dealing with certain things since the accident.
Being in cars that are driven too fast, mention of the wreck, other assorted things, and sometimes things nobody would expect trigger an attack."
The words were striking into my mind with such force I almost forgot Rachel was whispering.
None of it made sense, it had some things in common with the truth, but most of it was pure fabrication.
"Why...I don't understand.
Who would say that?"
Rachel's face went from a mobile, beautiful thing to a near-perfect mask.
Even in my befuddled state it was obvious she was lying.
"I don't know, but you can use this.
You're not being mocked or scorned anymore.
True or not, that rumor is the most romantic thing anyone here has ever heard.
It will transform you into a mini-celebrity overnight."
The haze was starting to evaporate from my thoughts, the story still didn't make sense, but Rachel's explanation did.
"The story's vague enough that nobody can really prove or disprove it.
Don't get specific on any details, and you can ride this all the way until you graduate."
The mask was gone, she wasn't lying anymore.
She really believed this rumor would change everything for the better.
It all made sense, but didn't explain who'd started it, or why they'd done it.
Rachel's face told me she wouldn't answer either of those questions.
I finally settled on one I thought she might answer.
"Why are you telling me all this?"
Rachel's face tried to take on her liar's mask, but didn't quite succeed.
"You risked a lot to stop Cassie from hurting me.
The least I can do is tell you anything I know that could save you from getting hurt in return."
She was telling the truth.
Not all of it, but at least some of it.
I wanted to tell her she didn't owe me anything, but there were so many questions I needed answered still.
There was some kind of weird power struggle going on, and her brother was right in the middle of it all, but I couldn't ask her about any of it.
She'd already said as much as she was going to.
I nodded my thanks, and went to stand again, but she captured my arm before I could complete the motion.
"There are a lot of things I can't tell you, but anything you want to know about me is fair game.
I'm sorry about all the rest."
Something about the vulnerability in her eyes convinced me she really meant that.
I added one more item to the list of reasons to hate her brother.
Anyone who would be so controlling to someone like Rachel had already piled up all kinds of bad karma.
"Fair enough.
What's your favorite book that you've never read?"
The question seemed to take her by surprise.
"Um, Gone With the Wind.
Probably because she doesn't necessarily start out as a bad person, but allows self-interest and events to carry her into terrible actions."
I felt my eyes go wide.
"That's a pretty detailed analysis of a book you've never read."
Rachel blushed a little.
"I really haven't read it.
Maybe because I'm worried that it won't turn out to be what I think it will be.
What about you?"
I shouldn't have been surprised by the question, but I was.
Possibly because I'd spent too much time around people like Britney who were so caught up in their own lives that they didn't really care about what was happening in mine.
"Les Misérables.
The music from the musical is so inspiring that I know the book must be truly wonderful."
I let the statement hang in the air for a couple of seconds, and then finished up with the truth.
"Of course I don't really know, because it's so big, and parts of it are so boring, that I may never manage to get through the whole thing."
Chapter 10 The rest of the afternoon finished up on a quiet note.
After I went back to my table, Rachel worked on some homework for a few more minutes, and then gathered up her things and slipped out.
I decided the new guy wasn't a football player when he started gathering up his books.
No athlete in my experience ever took that many books anywhere.
Not only that, he gently placed them in his backpack like someone who viewed the written word as his friend rather than as a necessary evil that interfered with the hero worship due him from the masses.
I was so busy watching him that I forgot to look away when he stood up, and he caught me staring.
I expected annoyance, or possibly some of the disdain I'd endured off and on for the last forty-eight hours.
I didn't get either.
I couldn't really interpret the look, but he held my eyes for several seconds, until I finally looked away, my face heating up.
I tried to run through the entire range of possible emotions, to pin that look down to something that made sense.
It wasn't attraction, it'd been too neutral for that.
Envy, fear, friendship, none of them fit.
Whoever he was, he quietly left the room while my head was still whirling.
I looked up to find Britney frowning at me.
"What is your deal?
I don't think I've ever seen Isaac notice anyone other than his girlfriend.
He isn't like Alec, who notices everyone but is too good to actually speak to any of us.
Isaac's just so caught up in whatever is going on inside his head that he doesn't realize any of us exist."
Britney slammed her book.
"First Brandon decides he has the hots for you, and then you crack the ivory tower.
There's absolutely no justice in the world."
I so wasn't looking forward to the ride home.
Past experience had pretty much established that when Britney got like this there was no reasoning with her.
Trying to explain that she hadn't seen the look from my end, that Isaac most definitely hadn't been attracted to me, would be useless.
I was pleasantly surprised when Britney's annoyance seemed to have blown over by the time we left the building.
Before we'd even made it out of the parking lot, Britney was once again chattering about everyone else in the school and what they were or weren't doing lately.
Considering that I still couldn't put a face with most of the names she was tossing around, the gossip wasn't just uninteresting, it was a near ordeal.
It wasn't until I looked over at the speedometer that I realized we really had been driving longer than normal rather than the gossip just making it seem to take forever.
Britney caught me registering the fact she was driving under the speed limit for the first time I could remember, and broke off recounting Amy Stevens' supposed fling with one of the football players just long enough to blush.
"I figured I should be more careful of how fast I drive.
You know, my dad keeps threatening to take away my car if I get any more tickets.
With everything else going on right now he just might do it."
It was actually pretty plausible.
I probably would've believed it if not for Rachel's description of the new rumor floating around school.
Britney was trying to cater to my supposed fear of being in a speeding car.
Only, my supposed fear was actually a very real fear, just not for the reasons Britney thought.
Chapter 11 Brandon arrived just in time to pick me up before I got on the bus.
As expected, he teased me about not waiting for him at my house, but it was a small price to pay for not having to worry about how I was going to get to school if he didn't show up.
We made small talk and all too soon arrived at school.
As we pulled into the parking lot I was desperately looking for something witty or insightful to say.
I needed to give him a reason to stay interested in me, but nothing came to mind.
As we pulled to a stop, the quiet hum of a cellphone on vibrate broke the strange paralysis that'd gripped me for the last twenty seconds.
Brandon's grin was more than a little sheepish as he fished his phone out of a front pocket and checked to see who was calling.
I didn't need his groan to know it was one of his friends.
A selfish urge to try and make him ignore the call and continue to focus on me momentarily flared up, but I suppressed it.
It was such a petty thing to do, and even worse was probably the quickest way to demolish whatever interest he might have towards me.
I might be almost completely naive when it came to dating, but anyone who'd read more than a couple books, or sat through eight or nine chick flicks, totally knew that the quickest way to drive a guy off was to become controlling and manipulative.
Unless maybe you were a cheerleader and you were talking about a guy who was used to dating cheerleaders.
Which while I wasn't even close to the former, the latter actually described Brandon almost perfectly.
I almost stopped midway through the action of opening my car door, but it was too late.
Even if I'd picked the wrong course, the moment was gone.
I had to just play it cool and leave or risk looking like a total loser.
He returned my wave with a nod and shifted his focus back to whoever was on the phone with him.
Brandon had parked on the opposite end of the parking lot from where he normally did.
Presumably it was because all of the good spots in his normal area had been snatched up by people who weren't running quite as late as us.
I was halfway to the closest door before I remembered that it was still closed as a result of the mysterious 'potato gun rampage' as everyone had started calling it.
A normal person, one who was really as self-confident as I pretended to be, would have just turned and headed towards the eastern set of doors.
Not wanting to look like a ditzy blonde who couldn't even remember that someone had run a SUV into the flagpole and temporarily rendered one of the four main exits inoperable, I kept walking.
The school was narrower than it was long.
I could walk around the west end, and use the closest doors on the north side, and still have plenty of time to get to my locker before Biology started.
I was busy replaying my conversation with Brandon as I walked around the corner of the building.
The air was already hot enough to suck the moisture out of rocks, but that wasn't the cause of the sudden rush of heat to my face.
I didn't think I'd ever seen the boy before, but Jasmin was easily recognizable, even half-hidden amid all the intermittently-functioning cooling units that lived on this end of the building.
I couldn't see much beyond the boy's wild red hair, but even that was enough to tell he wasn't completely comfortable.
I wanted to turn around and go back the other way, but there was a chance that Jasmin had already seen me, and if so I couldn't afford to look like I was scared of her.
The fact I actually was terrified she was going to snap and start trying to kill people was irrelevant.
If I could convince her I wasn't scared, I was less likely to get hurt.
I kept walking, not necessarily steering closer to the three-quarter wall the boy was leaning against, but also being very careful not to go out of my way to stay further away from them either.
As I got close to the pair, a little more of the boy became visible, reaffirming my impression that he wasn't happy to be talking to her.
His shoulders looked unnaturally tight and he was shaking his head slowly from side to side.
Locked as I was into my course, I couldn't help but hear them both as I got closer.
"I can't do this, Jasmin.
I've been meaning to tell you for a while, but I was afraid of how you'd react."
I half stumbled at the raw pain in his voice.
While I was still trying to recover my balance, Jasmin looked up at me, and the force of her glare almost made me fall over my feet again.
I'd seen plenty of girls try and warn off potential competition, but I'd never seen an expression that intense.
Despite my earlier resolve, I couldn't help myself.
I veered further away from the pair as some primitive, survival-minded part of my subconscious sought to create a buffer between me and the girl who looked ready to rip out my throat.
I'd gone far enough I couldn't see either of them, but it honestly felt like Jasmin watched me all the way until I managed to make it safely out of sight.
I'd read stories where people claimed to have felt someone's gaze trying to bore a hole in their back, but this was the first time I'd ever experienced it for myself.
I hadn't even believed it was possible, but the pins and needles I'd felt starting the second she'd looked up hadn't disappeared until I put a brick wall between us.
Biology would've been unpleasant even without everything else that was going on.
The air conditioning was out to part of the building, and Mrs. Sorenson's classroom was one of the ones that apparently were going to go without until they got the regulator or switcher, or whatever it was, fixed.
I bowed out of our little competition even earlier than usual.
I probably should have stayed in the game longer, should have kept answering questions until she came up with a real stumper, but I wasn't in the mood.
Once I was safely free to let my mind wander, I couldn't think of anything other than the look on Jasmin's face.
Even the steadily rising temperatures achieved by packing more than thirty bodies into a tiny classroom with only one door wasn't sufficient to really distract me.
I was going to suffer once again for having stumbled into somewhere I didn't want to be.
By the time I made it into English and sat down next to Britney, my heart felt like it was going to seize up.
Mr. Whethers walked into class a few seconds after the bell rang, took one look at his already perspiring students, and told us all to go ahead and spend the time reading rather than worrying about trying to focus on a lecture.
It was a nice gesture, and normally I would have appreciated it, but I'd just finished Wuthering Heights, and knew that flipping the book back open wasn't going to help distract me.
Unwilling to spend another hour in worry, I let my thoughts drift over to another, dangerous area.
Thinking about Brandon wasn't safe anymore.
He'd started out making my stomach knot up simply because he was so gorgeous, but lately my insides had started jumping around for other reasons.
I wiped away the light sheen of perspiration on the back of my neck, and wished the world was simpler.
If only I was still in Minnesota, or anywhere other than this crazy, secretive town with its ridiculous share of gorgeous boys.
Boys who didn't behave much at all like any other popular kids I'd ever known.
Alec hated me, Brandon stopped by to give me a ride to school every day, and neither of them should have even realized I was alive.
If I couldn't be at home, couldn't the universe have at least arranged for me to get involved with a nice, normal, uncomplicated, plain-looking boy, or barring that to remain safely uninterested in boys altogether?
At the very least, someone out there should have managed to keep the air conditioning working.
By the time English ended, I felt worse, albeit for different reasons than earlier in Biology.
Luckily, Algebra was starting to become a real sanctuary.
The fact that we had a test made everyone even more focused than normal.
Considering how on-task and busy Mrs. Campbell normally kept the class that was a feat in and of itself.
I scanned through the first problem, and then picked up my pencil and got started.
Having successfully finished my test with ten minutes to spare, I expected lunch to bring more of the same kind of anxiety that I'd just managed to push out of my mind.
It was headed that way.
Despite Britney's best efforts to distract me with a point-by-point analysis of what was going on with someone named Sandra, and the two boys she'd been leading on for the last month.
I followed Britney through the lunch line, gripping my meal replacement drink with both hands.
We sat down at our usual table, only to be surrounded a few seconds later by an energetic mob of familiar-looking people.
It wasn't until Brandon slid into the seat next to me that I realized who everyone was.
"We thought maybe we'd come join the two of you today.
That shabby little corner where we always sit was getting a little old."
Brandon's voice was smooth and flawless as always, but even that couldn't distract me enough to miss the flash of dislike in Cassie's eyes as she sat down next to Britney.
Nobody talked about anything important, which was good since I couldn't focus on anything other than the fact I'd just been given one more sign, a really big one, that Brandon was interested in me.
A couple of minutes before the warning bell rang, I looked up from the group and saw another familiar face leaving the lunchroom.
Everything suddenly dropped into place, and I grabbed Brandon's arm.
"Who's that?"
Brandon tensed up for a second, and then his massive arm relaxed under my hand as he followed my gaze.
"That's Ben."
His voice dropped to a rumbling whisper.
"The one I told you about the other day."
It was incredibly obvious, all the while making absolutely no sense.
He was obviously uncomfortable this morning, just like you'd expect from someone who was in the unenviable position of telling off a borderline psychopath.
Everything I'd seen substantiated Brandon's explanation, but why would Jasmin become so enamored of someone so average-looking?
Not only that, what were the odds Ben was one of the eight males in America who would decide they weren't interested in dating the most gorgeous girl on the planet, even if she was a nut case?
I was still trying to sort out all the pieces when Brandon fished his cell phone out of a pocket and checked the time.
In an amazing display of herd behavior, thirty seconds later his friends had all disappeared, and he was standing to leave.
"We should do this more often.
I'll see you tomorrow."
The words were innocent enough, but there was something in his eyes that made a rush of warmth shoot through me.
Britney was so excited she could hardly speak, but I was too excited myself to feel very superior.
I floated through my next class, and would've gone through the rest of the day the same way, if I hadn't had to share a class with Alec.
Still, I was so happy that even Alec's giving me the cold shoulder didn't completely sour my day.
Rachel had turned my illness into something really cool, and Brandon really did like me.
Life couldn't get much better than this.
Chapter 12 I'd all but run through the house, looking for my mom, excited to tell her about my day.
Instead I'd been greeted by nothing but half-filled boxes and silence.
I didn't really want to unpack, but it was long past needing to be done and I knew if I left it to Mom that we'd never really get moved in.
If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.
I was on my fourth box when it happened.
Mom's jewelry box had somehow got packed into a box labeled 'old photography gear'.
As I pulled it out to set it to one side, it slipped from my hands.
The glittering deluge of chains and bracelets that went sliding across the floor would have made me feel bad enough all by themselves, but there was a proverbial scorpion nestled in the midst of all that shininess.
I'd thrown mine out shortly after the accident.
Part of me hadn't wanted to.
It had felt like I was abandoning Cindi by doing so, but just seeing Cindi's half of the twin pendants we'd received two years before had been enough to send me into a tailspin.
A detached part of me noted that it was just like Mom to have lied about having lost Cindi's.
She'd known I couldn't handle the reminder of what we'd lost, but she'd been unwilling to give up that link to the past.
The thought slipped away like sunlight skipping across water a split second before the storm arrived.
The attack was a bad one.
I lost more time.
I must have slept at some point, but the next time I surfaced it was Saturday morning and I was sitting in front of an empty bowl with an unopened box of cereal and a gallon of milk waiting in the wings.
At some point I realized I wasn't hungry.
I put everything back away and went upstairs for a shower.
It didn't help.
By the time I was done, I was clean but just as emotionally numb as before.
At least I'd turned the water all the way to cold there at the end.
I came out shivering, but it was a welcome change from the oppressive heat.
Even that didn't last; it felt like I was sweating again before I even finished dressing.
I finally pulled out my Biology book.
A coldly rational part of me knew that however this ended up playing out, I'd still have a test on Monday, and I'd still want to pass.
It'd be nice sometimes to make the kind of dramatic gesture that you see on movies, or read about in books.
Instead, I was sitting here with a stupid textbook while everything else inside of me hurt in a funny, cold kind of way.
Like it hurt so much I could only feel the edges of the pain.
Spanish followed Biology; then other subjects came and went until I felt like I'd made enough progress, or possibly wasted enough time.
I collapsed into bed hours early and slept poorly.
Sunday was about the same, only my insides felt even rawer under the calm surface.
Like maybe they'd had something caustic poured on them.
I woodenly went through the motions of studying, and then finally pushed all of my books to the side and opened up Les Misérables.
I tried to lose myself in the book, but the same worries that'd pestered me while I was trying to study continued to grate against the back of my mind.
I hadn't wanted to come here, but I'd tried to make it work.
Mom keeping the pendant felt like a complete betrayal.
She'd known how it would impact me, but hadn't cared.
I finally gave up on trying to immerse myself in nineteenth-century France, and cried myself to sleep.
** It was all I could do to drag myself out of bed Monday morning.
A part of me knew this was all stupid, but I couldn't shake the depression.
I was just aware enough to register Brandon's concerned glances as he drove me into school.
Mrs. Sorenson shot me a nasty look as I stumbled into class.
"Well isn't it nice of you to come to class today.
And here we all thought you were doing so well you didn't need to bother with the test."
I took the proffered test and made my unsteady way back to my desk.
The class passed in a blur as I made a half-hearted attempt to focus on the questions and remember all kinds of facts about photosynthesis that I'd known just a few days before.
It was useless.
The separate pieces of information skittered about on the edge of my memory without ever becoming tangible enough to relate to the answer I needed.
By the time class ended, I'd almost completely shut down.
I registered the whispers as I made my way to English.
I normally would've been mad, or possibly embarrassed, but it was like my feelings were wrapped in layers of cotton candy.
If I really pushed, I could faintly feel the hard edges, but there were so many layers shrouding them.
I just couldn't seem to muster up enough concentration to care.
I was on autopilot now.
I answered Britney's whispered questions without ever registering them and never once worried about whether or not I'd made sense.
I parried Mrs. Campbell's concerned inquiries in much the same manner, probably not convincing her that I was okay, but at least persuading her to leave me alone, and then sleep-walked into the cafeteria.
I hated the fact that I wanted Brandon to come sit down with me.
If he did a convincing enough job pretending to like me and I tried really hard, maybe I'd believe it'd all just been my imagination.
It'd be one less piece of my world crumbling out from under me.
Britney slammed her tray down, but my listless gaze didn't move from the vacant corner where Brandon usually sat.
A few minutes later a group of girls came to join us.
I recognized them, but didn't bother putting names to the faces.
It was like I got hit with another panic attack.
Somehow I lost an hour, but nobody was running around calling for an ambulance so I must have at least responded to direct questions.
Alec was sitting in his normal seat as I wandered into physics.
I tried to remember whether or not I'd already heard the second bell ring.
It wasn't important though.
Not compared to the first thing I'd faced in hours that had the potential to hurt me.
I could feel the edge, razor sharp, cleanly parting some of the layers of gauze that'd been wrapped around my emotions.
It didn't make sense.
Alec was barely even civil.
He most definitely wasn't part of the support structure that'd been holding my world in its normal orbit, but suddenly my defenses were in danger of being breached.
He looked up disinterestedly as I sat in my desk, and even that was enough to send little shivers of near pain coursing through my system.
It wasn't real pain; I was still too cushioned from the world for that, but my body shied away from it just the same.
I wanted to run screaming from the room, to jump through a window, to do anything to avoid coming into further contact with someone who so obviously hated me.
The urges were all very real, but it was like I'd been drugged to the gills.
I couldn't gather the energy to do anything about them.
Instead my mind reached down and pulled extra layers of gauze over itself.
I looked down at my Spanish test and wondered how I'd gotten here.
There were answers on the page.
They were unmistakably done in my awkward scrawl, but didn't make sense.
I flipped the page over and found more of the same.
My eyes idly traced down the page, finding blanks and almost of its own accord my pencil reached out and filled them in with words that seemed familiar, but whose meaning I couldn't seem to pin down.
I resurfaced as I walked into the tutor lab, unsure if I'd passed anyone I should have greeted.
I sat down at my usual spot and pulled out a book at random as Britney stomped into the room and threw her books down.
She was obviously mad, but once again I couldn't muster enough concern to figure out what'd ticked her off.
I blinked several times as I realized Mrs. Campbell had been speaking to me for several seconds.
She was important, one of the few teachers that actually liked me.
It was incredibly hard, but I focused on what she was saying, voluntarily pulling myself partway out of the wonderful cushion and exposing myself to some of the pain.
"Are you sure you're okay?"
My nod and smile must not have been very convincing.
"Listen, there isn't any real reason to keep the lab open so late today, and you've made amazing progress catching up.
Why don't you take the night off, and go straight home?"
The idea didn't make sense.
I knew all the words, but they wouldn't string themselves together in a way that had any meaning.
I nodded anyway, and then put my book in my bag, which had somehow made it into her hands.
She was holding it open as if expecting me to fill it.
I found myself outside the school, sitting on the edge of the parking lot without a clear idea how I'd ended up there.
There was a vaguely irritating noise behind me that didn't seem to fit with what I expected from school.
I thought about turning to see what it was, but was thankfully too far back into the gauze to act on the thought.
I went back to contemplating the pair of ants that were currently trekking across my right foot.
"Adriana.
Are you okay?"
My insides were too raw.
Just coming out long enough to listen to Mrs. Campbell had opened everything back up.
My mind tried to shy away, to sink away from the certainty of more jagged shards being shoved into me, but this voice was an important one.
Rachel looked down at me, her arms wrapped around her waist as if trying to hold herself together.
"What are you doing?"
The words stubbornly tried to avoid making sense, but I reached out with my trembling mind and forced them each into their proper place.
"Waiting."
The answer fell out of my mouth of its own accord.
It took me several seconds to realize it was the truth.
I didn't have a ride home until Britney finished up her regular studying stint.
"For Britney?
Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
I couldn't place him.
I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
"Please, Adriana.
It really isn't any trouble.
James, can you get your car, please?"
He looked angry.
Like maybe he was going to argue, but as he opened his mouth Rachel turned and glared at him.
It seemed odd to see someone only a little smaller than Alec back away from someone even smaller than me.
The image stuck with me so strongly that I considered it until Rachel came over and took my hand.
"What's wrong?
It's just the two of us now, you don't have to worry about James, and I won't tell anyone else.
I swear."
Rachel's promise somehow seemed like it belonged from another time.
The sincerity pulled me further out of my safe, numb shelter.
Something in me wanted to confide in her, was willing to risk the pain of facing reality, but I was too far gone to be able to put what I was feeling into words.
I shook my head again, not sure if it was a refusal or something else entirely.
Rachel took it as the former and sat down next to me, pulling her knees up tight against her chest.
A few seconds later I heard the howl of an after-market exhaust fed by a turbo-charged engine.
The green Honda that came screaming through the parking lot was hardly recognizable as an Accord.
It was approaching too quickly, but I couldn't bring myself to care.
Besides, Rachel seemed unconcerned.
Rachel helped me up as the car came to a screeching halt, all four tires locking up to slide it around so that the passenger side was facing us.
The over-tinted windows smoothly slid down to reveal that James was indeed the driver, and he wasn't any happier than he'd been a few seconds earlier.
I started towards the back seat, only to feel Rachel's surprisingly-firm grasp guide me towards the front seat.
She got me settled and then slipped in behind me.
James pulled out of the parking lot with a rush of acceleration that pinned me to my seat.
Normally I'd have gripped the door hard enough to make my fingers creak, but I was still strangely unconcerned with the possibility of dying.
For the first time in months I simply slouched down in my seat and enjoyed the ride.
The little Accord zipped around corners faster than I would've believed possible, its tiny engine howling as the turbos wound up in between shifts.
My bemused state was interrupted by Rachel leaning forward and tapping me on the shoulder as she gestured for James to turn his music down.
"I almost forgot.
Guess what, Les Misérables is coming to Las Vegas.
Not just a local cast, an actual touring cast out of London.
It's gotten excellent reviews all over the U.S." I stared at her blankly, unsure where she was going.
Some of her enthusiasm wilted in the face of my incomprehension.
"I just thought maybe you'd want to go.
You know.
You said you loved the music, that it was what made you want to read the book.
It's playing for more than a month, so there's plenty of time to make arrangements.
I can set everything up if you want."
It seemed impossible that she'd be so insensitive to my situation.
I opened my mouth to tell her off, and then realized she wasn't privy to everything happening in my head.
My world felt like it was disintegrating around me, and hers continued on as normal.
It should have been depressing, but somehow I found it so ludicrous I giggled.
The laugh had a definite edge of hysteria to it, but it still felt good.
"Rachel, my life doesn't work like that.
Even if I could afford a trip like that, my mom would never let me go.
She's only an absentee parent when I need her."
Rachel's soft blue eyes got really wide as she recoiled slightly.
Whatever she was about to say was preempted as we were both thrown forward in our seats.
James slid the car through a one-eighty turn that left us facing the direction we'd just come from, only a couple of feet from the start of our lane.
"You're not making her walk!"
It was obvious that whatever magical ability had allowed Rachel to face down the larger boy wasn't working anymore.
He looked like he was set for a monster fight.
"I'm not washing my car again."
I expected Rachel to back down as soon as she realized he was spoiling for a fight, but if anything she looked more determined.
It was hard to believe this was the same person I'd had to rescue from Cassie so recently.
I stopped Rachel just before she could put the impressive lungful of air she'd just taken in to whatever use she'd planned.
"It's okay.
I'm better.
The lane's dusty and exercise would do me good."
She hesitated, obviously torn, but my fumbling fingers finally found the unfamiliar door release and I made the decision for her.
I swung the door open and slipped out of the car before she could respond.
I waved goodbye with a cheery casualness I thought did a pretty good job of hiding my desire to break into tears.
It was amazing how I'd let the numbness slip away for nothing.
Rachel wasn't any more my friend than she'd been a few minutes before.
Instead she was probably freaked out.
I'd have been so much better off if I'd just stayed oblivious to everything, and ignored her like I'd done everyone else today.
The hot Utah sun was trying to knock me to my knees as I slowly made my way down our lane.
For a moment I thought about what would happen if I fell and hurt myself.
By the time Mom realized I was missing, I'd be a perfectly preserved mummy, sucked completely dry by the harsh climate, exactly as ordered for a pyramid burial.
I hadn't realized some part of me was hoping Mom would be there waiting when I got home.
I felt it shrink as I came around the corner and saw the empty cement pad.
I walked through the door and dropped my things on the couch.
I could feel myself sinking back into oblivion, but instead of welcoming it, I was suddenly terrified.
I'd spent weeks numb to the entire world.
I'd even missed Dad's favorite season, the one that'd become mine as well.
It'd be all too easy to slip into the same kind of numbness now as a refuge against everything.
What would happen if I failed to surface?
It'd been easier to lapse into catatonia this time than last.
Would I reach a point where I couldn't come back?
There'd been a time right after the accident where Mom had thought I was already there.
I was just numb enough still to think about such things without immediately collapsing.
Even so, I felt a pang of dizziness as my mind warned me I'd pushed it too far today.
I found myself in the kitchen, nearly finished making enchiladas with only vague ideas of why I'd started pulling ingredients out of the fridge.
I wasn't hungry.
I knew I should eat something, but that hardly merited putting together anything more complicated than a sandwich.
What was I trying to accomplish?
I slowly put the pan in the oven as I admitted to myself that even after more than two days, the odds were better than even that I'd be eating alone, that most of the food would go into the fridge untouched.
My class work, neglected as it had been all day, really deserved my attention, but I didn't have the heart to pull it out.
I knew I wouldn't find any kind of refuge there.
Instead, I pulled out a pencil and a sheet of paper from my notebook, and started sketching.
The process slowly started pulling me back out of the numbness.
I wasn't actually any good as an artist.
Mom had exposed me to enough art for me to realize that early on.
I lacked some kind of creative spark necessary to achieve any kind of real beauty.
Still, I occasionally enjoyed trying to recreate something I'd seen.
This time I didn't try to guide my hand, I just let it create lines and curves at random, until something tugged at my subconscious, and a half-formed memory began to materialize on the page before me.
I knew that the wavy vertical line off the side was destined to become a waterfall.
The scene was starting to take shape, but for the first time in ages I still couldn't place it.
A mossy boulder filled itself in with feathery detail, and then I realized the center of the piece was still blank.
It was like my subconscious hadn't ever seen that part of the landscape.
Only that didn't make sense.
How could I not have seen part of whatever it was I was looking at?
Unless it'd been blocked by something.
But if so I would have drawn whatever it was that'd been in the foreground.
I was even worse than normal when it came to drawing people or animals, but I had a good memory for everything else.
I pushed the notepad away in frustration, and then started shaking as I finally recognized my drawing.
It was the grotto from my dream, and the reason I hadn't filled in the center was that I'd never seen it.
That was the spot where Alec had been standing.
Chapter 13 Morning came not a moment too soon after a night filled with tossing and turning.
Every time I nodded off, I awoke a few minutes later, my mind reaching for something that wasn't there, only to snap back as it didn't find what it was looking for.
Each time the backlash woke me up, I tried to figure out what was going on, but I didn't succeed until nearly morning.
I'd been trying to find the vivid dreams again.
I'd finally stopped thinking about them, finally stopped yearning for them every night, only to have my stupid subconscious somehow mix them up with real life.
That was really the thing that was the most unnerving.
I'd only ever unconsciously drawn real places.
To draw a pretend place was surprisingly unsettling, but I almost couldn't blame whatever part of me had gotten confused.
The dreams were so clear and sharp they sometimes seemed more real than the rest of my life.
By the time I finally realized what was keeping me from getting real sleep it was too late to worry about trying to get anymore rest.
I just stared out my window at the light the previous owners had mounted on a pole.
It was just close enough to see an amazingly thick cloud of insects swirl around it, captivated by the artificial glow.
When I walked downstairs I found Mom's camping equipment piled in the living room.
For all I'd tossed and turned, I must have gotten some sleep to have not heard her come in.
I contemplated jotting down a note before just shrugging and skipping outside, happy for once to be shivering.
It wouldn't last.
Eventually the sun would clear the hills, and we'd be headed for eighty-plus degrees, but I could at least enjoy the next hour or so without worrying I was going to melt right out of my clothes.
Walking down the lane, I tried to decide whether or not I wanted Brandon to show up today.
After my mixed signals yesterday I figured there was a better than even chance he'd 'forget' to come get me.
Strangely enough that didn't bother me as much as I thought it would.
It was like walking down the lane managed to put things back in perspective for me.
How could I be put out about something I hadn't ever actually believed was possible?
I almost refused to believe my eyes when I came around the bend in our lane and saw a black Mustang parked on the side of the road.
Brandon stood up from where he'd been leaning against the sports car and flashed me a blinding smile.
He moved towards me with a casual grace that made little shivers run through me despite my earlier decision not to let his interest, or lack thereof, affect me.
"I had a bet with myself that you weren't going to wait.
Somehow the fact I just lost doesn't matter now."
It didn't seem possible he was talking to me, that anyone so gorgeous could mean something like that about me.
I opened my mouth, maybe to laugh the comment off, or otherwise hedge my bets against the humiliation and inevitable mocking laughter.
Whatever it was I'd intended on saying evaporated away the instant he reached out and slowly slid his finger down the side of my face.
The tiny part of me that was still screaming none of this could be real was pulled along by the rest of me.
I completely abandoned myself to the sensations created by his touch.
My nerve endings didn't know whether to classify his finger as icy cold or scorching hot, but before I could recoil in pain the sensation gave way to a tingly warmth that sank down into my center, simultaneously tightening and relaxing parts I didn't even know I had.
My pounding heart seemed loud enough to hear from across the street.
I opened my eyes, afraid he could somehow hear the overworked muscle, already flushing red with embarrassment, only to find a gentle smile waiting for me.
If there was any insincerity to the expression, I was utterly unable to detect it.
I cleared my throat, seeking to avoid the awkwardness that always followed these kinds of moments, but Brandon effortlessly defused all of that by opening my door and helping me into the car.
"I'm sorry I wasn't around yesterday.
Some things came up that demanded my attention."
The music was lower than usual, a possible sign he wanted to talk?
"Did you manage to resolve them successfully?"
Again that incredible smile flashed across his face.
"They were touch and go for a little bit, but I'm most pleased with how everything worked out."
I'd spent all of Monday in a daze, and felt much the same now, only this time it was a daze of good fortune.
It hardly bothered me when Britney snubbed me during English.
I flew through my Algebra assignment, finishing up the one from yesterday as well as the one Mrs. Campbell assigned, before the bell rang to release us.
The only thing that even threatened my bubble of happiness was when I walked into the lunchroom and saw that Britney was sitting with the cheerleaders who'd come and sat at our table yesterday.
It was blatantly obvious I wasn't welcome.
Unsure where to sit, I almost spun around and walked back into the hall until Brandon caught my eye and waved me over.
I had to detour around the tangle of tables that belonged to the closest thing Sanctuary had to real Goths.
My wandering path brought me around to where I could see what I'd mentally dubbed 'Alec's corner'.
It was a good thing there was an empty chair nearby.
The force of Jasmin's stare was almost a palpable thing; my knees got weak so quickly it was like she'd reached out and pushed me.
I steadied myself and then tried to ignore the way my skin crawled as I crossed the rest of the distance to Brandon's table.
"The mongrels unnerve you a bit?"
The scorn on the face that the comment belonged to was unnerving.
I'd seen him several times before, but didn't have a name to go with his aristocratic features.
"That's enough, Vincent."
A trace of rebelliousness flared up at Brandon's chastisement, but Vincent buried it so quickly I almost didn't have enough time to classify it before it disappeared.
Interestingly enough, I could see Cassie out of the corner of my eye, and she didn't look any happier than Vincent.
The rest of lunch flew by.
I'd never realized how much fun it could be to belong to a group.
Things weren't ideal; I'd never met a group with so many inside jokes.
Half the time I felt like there was an entire conversation being carried on over my head, but sitting next to Brandon left me with such a tingly feeling all along my right side that I didn't really mind.
Not even the presence of a pop quiz in History managed to faze me.
Almost before I knew it I was sitting down in Physics.
As usual, Alec slipped into class a half second before the bell.
I was so happy I forgot how arrogant he was, and I smiled at him as he sat down.
It was like he was looking at something that wasn't even human.
My insides seemed to freeze and shrink.
I couldn't even muster up my normal blush of embarrassment.
I'd had plenty of people hate me since I'd arrived in Sanctuary, but he was the first person I'd met who I was convinced wouldn't have thrown me a life preserver if I was drowning.
It wasn't even because saving me would be too much work.
He was completely convinced the world would be a better place without me.
I'd never been so unnerved in my life.
As Mrs. Alexander took roll and then released us into our groups, I was still trying to pull myself back together.
It didn't help when I realized we were being evaluated today.
I fished out my notes and desperately tried to remember how to calculate some of the stuff we'd need to know in order to successfully get our weight up the ramp, over the obstacles, and otherwise to the appropriate destination using the minimum number of pulleys, the shortest ramp, and the thinnest string possible.
Alec hardly even looked up as Mrs. Alexander came by with our particular spool of thread, an array of metric weights, and a note card bearing the amount of weight we'd been assigned to move around.
I was still leafing through my binder when Alec started testing the strength of our 'tow line.'
I scooted my desk over and picked up a weight to hand to him, only to see the thread break as he successfully figured out the breaking point.
Again and again it happened.
I ran a calculation for how many pulleys we'd need to lift our weight up the thirty-degree incline on a string able to hold only a fourth as much, only to look over at his paper and see not only had he already arrived at the correct figure, he'd already thought to adjust for starting friction.
Not used to being outclassed academically, I got flustered, which led to a misplaced decimal, and then an incorrect conversion from English to metric.
Alec just continued on, never seeming to really hurry, never actually making a mistake, but still grinding through calculations with a speed I might have been able to match on a good day, but couldn't even approach today.
It would've been much easier to just stop my efforts and watch him work, but I was too stubborn to give up.
Alec finished up with the theoretical portion of the assignment, and started stringing the pulleys while most of the other groups were still arguing over whether or not they could afford to add a few extra grams for extra credit.
If there was a single person in the class who didn't need any extra credit, it was Alec; but he calmly loaded the system with an extra sixteen grams, caught Mrs. Alexander's eye, and then smoothly started the train of weights moving up the ramp, over the wall, through the woods, and right up to Grandma's house.
It wasn't fair that someone who missed so many days of school could be so consistently right.
He must have an IQ of 160.
That and an ego big enough for someone twice as smart.
Mrs. Alexander shuffled over and smiled at the pair of us.
"Sixteen grams.
Most impressive, you two.
An entire gram more than I would have ventured to risk myself, and done before anyone else.
I thought the pair of you would make a great team."
The easiest thing would have been to stay quiet and just let her believe I'd played an integral part of the project, but I didn't like getting credit for something I hadn't done.
It was the worst kind of lying.
"Mrs. Alexander, I didn't actually do any of it.
I kept making mistakes."
She chuckled so hard, for a second I thought the pencil behind her ear was going to fall out.
"I rather suspect you're understating your accomplishments, my dear.
Didn't contribute indeed.
As if Nora's favorite student would just sit around while there were equations to solve."
I felt like I'd been hit in the stomach.
I hadn't realized just how fond of me Mrs. Campbell was.
My mind whirling with too many thoughts to sort out, I turned to go back to my desk, only to find Alec staring at me.
He still didn't seem happy to be sharing the same room with me, but the complete disgust from half an hour before had been replaced with something more measuring.
In Spanish, Mrs. Tiggs took special delight in telling us that she'd started grading our tests and a couple of them weren't looking very good.
I suffered through the last hour of school and then hurried to my locker.
I didn't really want to meet up with Britney, but I also didn't want to alienate her any more than I already had.
I shouldn't have even bothered.
I waited around for a full fifteen minutes before finally heading over to the tutoring lab.
Britney was watching the door when I arrived.
She didn't even bother trying to mask the flash of satisfaction that crossed her face when I walked in late, obviously having spent the last little while waiting for her.
I wanted to scream, or maybe cry.
It was amazing how quickly a perfect day could go down the tubes.
I turned towards my normal table, and Rachel caught my eye.
Sitting in a pool of light from one of the overhead skylights, she looked like Britney's antithesis.
Smiling, happy to see me, and obviously already having forgiven me for my weirdness from the day before.
I smiled back and sat down, relieved the most important parts of my social life had survived.
Britney might hate me, I might have lost the cool factor resulting from all of the rumors about my imaginary boyfriend having died in a car wreck, but Brandon still miraculously wanted to spend time with me, and Rachel was still shaping up to be the best friend any girl ever had.
It was too bad the two nicest people I'd ever met hadn't been born in the same family.
Of course, Rachel was so inherently good, and Brandon was so reasonable about everything.
If I could get the pair of them to spend some time together it would probably go a long ways towards patching up the stupid feud Alec seemed so determined to keep alive.
I thought about broaching the idea with Rachel, but discarded the notion immediately.
She would just clam up, just like she always did whenever anything relating to her brother was mentioned.
I'd have to be sneaky to get the two of them together.
Mrs. Campbell needed a little bit of reassuring when she stopped by my desk, which I did happily now that my personal universe was looking up once again, and then I dug into my homework with near-normal gusto.
Time flew by all too quickly.
Soon it was just me holding down the fort and trying to take care of a trio of freshmen girls who seemed to be at least slightly ahead of the normal cramming curve.
I was glad they weren't waiting until the day before the test to come in for help, but it was looking like tomorrow wasn't going to be any fun.
Maybe I'd get lucky again, and most of the lazy ones would give up before my shift started.
I turned around from explaining for the fourth time to the third person why you couldn't prove congruence of two triangles with the nonexistent angle-angle-angle postulate, only to find that Britney had slipped out of the room.
It was possible she'd just gone to the restroom.
I tried to remind myself of all of the places she could be, and all of the reasons she might have left that didn't involve abandoning me here.
Rachel met me on my way back to my table to gather up my books.
"She left with Rick Anders."
I mustered a grin.
"Was my panic that obvious?"
"No, I was just watching her to see who she had in her sights for the Ashure Day Dance.
Then when I saw her leave I realized that would mean you wouldn't have a ride home."
I put the last couple of books in my backpack and shrugged.
"I think she's mad.
I guess she has pretty good reason to be, but she hasn't even given me a chance to apologize."
The first half of Rachel's comment finally sank in, and I nearly tripped.
"Wait, what dance?"
"Ashure Day.
It's an...a local tradition.
Think of it kind of like earth day, but with a dance.
Kind of like a pagan Prom.
Or maybe a pagan homecoming since it's still fall."
Prom was my arch-nemesis.
There were really only two times a year that the universe managed to penetrate my historical indifference to the opposite sex.
Prom, and Valentine's Day.
Of the two, Prom was the more deadly.
Valentine's Day was usually filled with enough examples of guys screwing up to make me feel okay.
They were always picking the wrong present, forgetting to buy one, or otherwise making the day less than perfect.
That in turn helped me remember that most relationships seemed to be more fuss and mess than they were worth.
Why get something built up so much in your mind that you can't possibly ever realize it?
All of the little things about Valentine's Day that grounded me in reality were overcome by the mystique of Prom.
Instead of people fighting, there were dozens, sometimes even hundreds, of couples who all seemed to be very much in love.
Everyone got to dress up and go dancing in a place that'd been transformed into another world.
Even before I'd gotten old enough to attend Prom, I'd still invariably spent the day grouchy and depressed.
Things only got worse as I'd aged, presumably because I wasn't really as indifferent as I liked to pretend, and I couldn't hide behind the excuse of being too young to be asked anymore.
My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.
"...of course it's still a little ways away, but a girl like Britney starts early so she gets as high up the social food chain as possible."
Rachel's words calmed me a little at the same time they sparked confusion.
I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
My surprise must have leaked through.
Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
"Sorry, I know she's your friend.
I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.
By the time the actual dance arrives, everyone who is anyone will have a date, most of them picked out by the girl weeks before the boy even started thinking about the dance."
There wasn't really any bitterness in her voice, but there was something, maybe the same kind of longing I felt when I talked about Prom.
"You're probably right.
That would fit with what I know of Britney so far."
"Do you need us to give you a ride?"
I looked over and saw that James was once again glaring at me, somehow having approached to within a few feet without making any noise.
"I should probably make sure she isn't waiting somewhere for me.
That's probably half of why she's so mad.
I was so out of things yesterday I didn't think to let her know I was headed home with you."
Rachel looked for a moment like she wanted to disagree, but she nodded, in the kind of noncommittal way people use when they don't really agree, but are ready to let you make your own mistakes.
Rachel pulled her books together, and then followed me through the door, James two steps behind, and looking, amazingly enough, even more surly than he had a few seconds before.
Rachel didn't seem to be one of those people who always had to be talking about something, but even so, two minutes of silence were enough to leave me scrambling for something to talk about.
"Thanks for telling me about Les Misérables.
I mean, I should have said thanks yesterday, but I really do appreciate you thinking of me.
It was really nice."
Rachel's eyes lit up brighter than I'd seen them in a while.
"You're welcome.
Does that mean we can go to Vegas?"
It seemed like a crime to deny her, but I knew Mom didn't have the spare money to send me on a two-hour trip to an opera.
I was working now, but by the time I could save up enough to pay for gas, food, and a ticket, the production would've moved on.
"I'm sorry, I'd like to go, but I just don't think I can.
If it was running for an extra month or two I could probably save up enough money from tutoring, but it isn't, so it just isn't going to happen."
Rachel nodded, and for a second it was easy to forget that she probably got more spending money each month than I'd see all year.
"That's okay.
Things like that are always coming through Vegas.
We can just go the next time they come to town."
I nodded and smiled, surprised that the thought of so much time trapped in a car with someone didn't make me want to run away screaming.
Cars were scary.
All that time with nothing to do but talk, and once you started talking to people they wanted to know things.
Things that weren't any of their business, things you weren't ready to discuss.
Somehow I knew Rachel wouldn't pry.
It was like keeping so many secrets for her brother had made her especially sensitive to other people's secrets.
Another few steps brought us to the door, and I held it open for Rachel to follow me outside.
The intense heat felt like a physical blow.
I could almost feel my pores open up in an effort to keep me from overheating.
The sensory overload as my eyes tried to adjust to the unfiltered afternoon sun momentarily distracted me.
It wasn't until I heard the other door swing shut that I realized James had followed us through, but he'd taken the door on the right instead of the one of the left that I'd been holding open for him.
Wow, talk about a chauvinistic pig.
It wasn't worth getting bent out of shape.
I let my door swing shut, and walked over to Rachel's side so that I could see the entire parking lot.
Empty as it was, it didn't take very long to realize Britney's little white Saturn was gone.
"I thought you might still be here."
The voice caught me by surprise.
I probably would've jumped and screamed a little if I hadn't recognized it.
Brandon was walking towards us with his characteristic casual stride, and I felt my heart speed up a little as I remembered our conversation from earlier in the day.
"Brandon!
What are you still doing here?"
I heard some movement off to my right, but was so focused on Brandon's response that none of it really registered.
The smile gracing his breathtaking face was like the ultimate treat.
"Oh, I was helping out with the new set for the theater class' production of Arsenic and Old Lace."
I was suddenly glad Britney had abandoned me.
If it resulted in me seeing Brandon again today it couldn't be all bad.
In fact, my life felt pretty much perfect right now.
Wait, not quite.
If he'd greeted me with a hug in addition to the smile, then things would have been perfect.
I felt myself blushing almost as soon as the thought crossed my mind.
My family wasn't...hadn't been demonstrative.
I wouldn't know what to do if he hugged me.
In an effort to cover my embarrassment, I turned back to Rachel and James, only to feel my jaw figuratively hit the ground.
James was standing between Rachel and Brandon, slightly crouched in a posture that looked strangely familiar.
I heard footsteps to my left as Brandon finished crossing the last few feet between us.
James backed up a half step, one arm stretched out behind him, pushing Rachel back.
I suddenly realized why his movements seemed so familiar.
I'd seen dozens of celebrities being shepherded out of one award show or another by professional bodyguards who acted exactly like James was acting right now.
Only they usually weren't so obvious about it.
The only time I'd ever seen a bodyguard physically push their client around was when some up-and-coming soap star had a bottle thrown at her by the wife of someone she was sleeping with.
I looked past Brandon, expecting to see something threatening headed towards us.
I even opened my mouth to warn Brandon, but there wasn't anything there, just Brandon, still with the same casual smile as he reached out and squeezed my arm.
"Hi, guys.
I just thought I'd see if Adri needed a ride home."
It was like I'd been hit by a bus.
My arm tingled at the same time my heart started skipping beats.
My body was trying to shut down as a panic attack loomed on the horizon, but not succeeding because it was also revving up from standing so close to Brandon.
I think I said goodbye to Rachel and James.
I kind of fuzzed out.
The next thing I knew Brandon was pulling onto our cement pad.
"So it looks like Britney's out.
Do you mind if I give you a ride home on Tuesdays and Thursdays?"
Did I mind?
Of course not.
"That would be really great.
Thanks for offering."
Brandon ran one finger down the side of my face, and then leaned back with a smile as I reached for the door.
It wasn't until I was out of the car that I realized our Jeep was parked in its normal spot off to the side of the house.
Excited to talk to Mom about her last outing, I waved goodbye to Brandon and hurried to the door.
Mom hardly even looked up from her laptop as I walked in.
Whew, no need to go through the third degree about Brandon.
"Anything promising, Mom?"
"Hmm?
I don't know.
Maybe one or two will be okay once I've touched them up, but this brochure is proving tougher than expected.
Can we talk after dinner?"
By now I really should have been used to Mom ignoring me when she got buried in a project.
I shrugged and went upstairs to change.
Hours later, having finished up all my homework and endured the agony of dinner, I was finally free to do whatever I wanted with the last few minutes of my night.
My room was still miserable, but with Mom sitting down in the living room with her laptop going through the gigs of data that she'd shot over the last few days, it offered the only real chance at some time alone.
I trudged up the stairs, shut my door, and then realized I wasn't sure what to do with myself.
I'd spent most of the time since we'd arrived either buried in homework, or borderline catatonic.
The obvious choice was sitting on the rickety table next to my bed, but I wasn't sure if I was up to Les Misérables right now.
Maybe in a few weeks, once the production had left Vegas, I'd be ready to delve back into it.
Right now it was just another reminder of how many things in my life I didn't have control over.
No, that was right out.
I thumbed through Pride and Prejudice for a few minutes, and then just gave up and headed to the bathroom.
A short time later, teeth brushed and face washed, I swung my window wide open and climbed into bed.
It would take hours for the air to cool down enough to start leeching some of the heat out of my room, but it was better than nothing.
I'd at least sleep better for the second half of the night.
As tired as I was, my mind didn't want to shut down yet.
Mom didn't seem to think it was at all odd that the city had flip-flopped so completely on the job.
First she had it, then she didn't, now she did again.
None of it made sense, but she seemed perfectly ready to accept everything at face value.
Maybe her way was the best.
I certainly envied her.
Not the not knowing, but the fact that she didn't have to worry about what it all meant.
How did I get stuck being the parent, while she got to be the kid?
Who'd be interested in helping us?
No, that wasn't the right question.
The key to figuring this all out was to decide who could've helped us out.
Nobody we'd known back in Minnesota could've strong-armed both the president of a bank and the mayor.
Especially not from all the way back there.
It had to be someone local, and they had to be either rich, powerful, or both.
The answer was so obvious I felt like an idiot for not realizing who it was from the start.
Who had I been told, almost from my first day here, were the two most influential families in Sanctuary?
The Worthingfields and the Graveses.
Both of which had at least one member of the family my age, one of whom seemed to hate me profoundly.
What was it the mayor had said?
"I can't promise he'll even read it."
It was a he who'd intervened on our behalf, and Rachel and Alec's father had died years ago, while Brandon's father...actually I knew next to nothing about Brandon's parents.
I wasn't even sure whether or not they were around.
They must be though--if it had been a male who'd saved us, then it couldn't be the Graveses, and that left only Brandon's family.
It was hard to believe that Brandon had stepped in and done so much for us, but the pieces fit together so tightly.
Brandon was even more wonderful and amazing than I'd thought before.
Part of me expected this new revelation to keep my mind whirling so fast that it would take me hours to go to sleep.
I was only partly right.
It took quite a while for me to go to sleep, but this time the culprit was the light outside my window.
Chapter 14 For the first time in longer than I could remember, I woke up two minutes before my alarm went off.
I was showered, dressed, and ready to go ten minutes before normal, but after pulling my books together, I just sat down on the sofa.
Today was the day.
I hadn't consciously planned it when I went to bed, but circumstances were perfect.
If I was wrong, Mom was not only home, judging by the noises filtering down the stairs, she was awake and only a few minutes away from coming downstairs.
Even filled with the near certainty that Brandon's parents, and by extension him, were our secret benefactors, the next fifteen minutes were some of the longest in my life.
When Brandon's Mustang finally appeared around the bend in the lane, I found myself smiling so hard my face was starting to hurt.
Breathing silent but heartfelt thanks that Mom was in the shower and therefore couldn't hear the low rumble of the Mustang's engine, I slipped out the front door and skipped down the concrete steps.
"I figured you were either too sick to get out of bed, or you finally decided to trust me."
Brandon's gray eyes twinkled as he made a show of checking me over.
"Looks like you're not sick."
I didn't know it was possible to blush and smile at the same time.
"Nope, not sick."
After such a beginning, my day could hardly be anything but great.
One class after another rolled by, and all of the things that normally would've bothered me just went whipping past without managing to stick.
I couldn't remember the second phase of cell division in Biology.
I'd forgotten to reread the last chapter of Wuthering Heights, and Britney went out of her way to snub me.
The only thing I cared about was making it to lunch so I could see Brandon again.
I dawdled on my way to Algebra, so much so I was nearly late for class.
It wasn't until I sat down at my desk and felt a wave of disappointment slither through me that I realized I'd been hoping to see Brandon in between classes.
Mrs. Campbell caught me before I could leave for lunch.
"Adriana, your homework is progressing along very well.
At the risk of having you slow down, I'm going to admit that you're well ahead of where I'd hoped you'd be.
Another couple of weeks and you'll be caught up and ready for your makeup test."
I shrugged uncomfortably.
When teachers praised me, it always made me feel like I was socially deficient.
I didn't necessarily mind the fact that I spent hours more on homework than any of my peers, but being praised for it always felt like a backhanded insult.
"It's okay, I'm not going to slack off.
I want to be done with extra assignments as badly as you want to be finished with having to grade them."
My feeble joke evoked a smile, but I wasn't quite free to go.
"Well, your homework is easier to grade than most.
I also wanted to let you know that I'm happy with what you've been doing at the lab, and to give you this."
As unbelievable as it was considering that most of my classmates seemed more concerned with working their fast-food jobs than with doing homework, the plain envelope she handed me contained my very first paycheck.
Ever.
I all but skipped out of the classroom.
Later I'd probably complain about how small it was and wish I had enough to go shoe shopping, but for now it was just nice to know I had some discretionary money.
Brandon looked up as I walked into the cafeteria, and waved me over.
As I threaded between a pair of closely-set tables I noticed that Alec's table seemed unusually unsettled.
If a shouting match could be conducted in whispers, it was being done by Jasmin and James, neither of who looked like they were happy about whatever was being discussed.
Alec wasn't talking, but from the way he was scanning the room, he didn't want to be there anymore than the rest of them.
I made it to Brandon's table, and was still pulling my meal replacement drink out of my bag when the loudspeaker clicked on with the obligatory burst of static.
"This is Principal Gossil and I've got an exciting announcement.
The school is sponsoring a trip to Las Vegas to see the production of Les Misérables that just started.
Tickets are available at a discounted rate in the office for the next two days."
It was like someone had rifled through my mind to pick out my biggest disappointment in recent days, pulled it out and rubbed salt on the wound before cramming it back inside me.
Of course I'd go see how big of a discount the school had gotten the tickets at, but it was extremely unlikely my tiny check would end up being enough.
It took me a moment to realize Mr. Gossil hadn't ended his announcement.
"...those wishing to be entered into the drawing should stop by the office between today and noon tomorrow."
In the face of the near-universal apathy expressed by the rest of the student body, it took my mind several seconds to process exactly what had been said.
I grabbed Brandon's arm and shook it to get his attention.
"Did he just say they were drawing for free tickets?"
Brandon looked slightly amused.
Cassie, who I'd just interrupted, looked very much not amused.
"I think so.
I wasn't paying very close attention, but I think he did."
The sound that came out of my mouth was disturbingly close to a squeal, but I was too excited to care.
I waved goodbye as I stood and headed towards the doors.
Amazingly enough, there was already a line in the office by the time I got there.
Either the nerds who liked musicals didn't actually eat in the lunchroom, or some of the people who maintained a cool, disinterested facade actually wanted to see it.
My enthusiasm ebbed lower and lower as I waited in line behind a number of people who it turned out didn't even want to see the show, but figured that this would be a great chance to get away from their parents for the better part of twelve hours.
By the time I signed my name to a brightly-colored pink slip of paper, dropped it into the box, and walked out past the ridiculously-long line of people still waiting to enter the drawing, I knew for a certainty that I wasn't going.
They'd posted the cost of the tickets, and I'd been right.
My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.
History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.
I looked around to verify that all of the usual suspects were there.
Geeks, check.
Jocks, check.
Rachel and her sinister sidekick James, check.
I smiled at Rachel and then flipped open my math book.
Everything went just like normal, and promptly at five I closed my binder and started stuffing books into my backpack.
I looked up to find Rachel standing in front of my table.
"Are you ready?
James had to leave early, but don't worry, we've still got a ride home."
I think I managed to keep the disappointment off of my face.
Rachel at least didn't seem to notice.
Somehow I'd lost track of the fact that it was a Wednesday, and Brandon therefore wouldn't be taking me home.
"Great.
Britney's been avoiding me like the plague.
I didn't even see her leave today."
I'd never noticed that Rachel's laugh was possibly the prettiest I'd ever heard.
Tinkling bells and all that aside, it really did sound like the kind of laugh you'd hear described for the princess of a fairy tale.
Had I really never heard her laugh before, or was it just that she hadn't ever meant it before?
"She left about five minutes before James did."
"Still chatting up her prime candidate for the big dance?"
Rachel nodded as we skirted the last two tables between us and the one exterior door in the tutor lab.
"Yep, she's definitely settled on Tim Parsons, who's perfect if you like your men fairly handsome, moderately popular, and built like an ox."
I wanted to protest, but if anything Rachel was being too kind.
I'd seen Tim trying to sound out the captions underneath the pictures in Sports Illustrated of his favorite pro football players.
I was just about to ask who we were going to ride with, more as a way of changing the subject than anything else, when movement off to my right answered the question.
"Alec!"
The last thing I was expecting out of Rachel was for her to all but run towards Alec with her arms out as if expecting a hug.
Even so, that was less surprising than the fact that Alec accepted the hug, turning slightly to the side to receive her, but still reaching out with his left arm to pull her in close, albeit only briefly.
"You didn't think I'd forget, did you?"
"Not forget, no, just maybe be a little late."
As abruptly as that, the interplay between the two siblings ended, leaving an uncomfortable silence as odd as the affection from a moment before.
We walked to Alec's car in silence, the pair of them apparently lost in their own thoughts, and me wondering why Alec had agreed to give me a ride home.
I wasn't enough of a car aficionado to recognize the vehicle other than the fact that it was a matte gray and had the kind of smooth, exotic lines all of the high-end vehicles seemed to be striving for right now.
Rachel slipped in the backseat while I was still wondering how this seemingly low-profile ride matched up against Brandon's Mustang.
"Did you enter the drawing for Les Misérables tickets?"
I looked over to find Rachel sitting in the middle of the seat, happily leaning forward so she could talk to us.
"Yes, but so did everyone else.
My chances are so dismal they're not even worth mentioning."
Rachel looked like she was going to argue, or say something cheerful, but the back of my mind had been trying to figure out how she could be even with us, but still sitting in the back seat.
I did a quick check to verify my suspicion.
"Rachel, you should be wearing your seatbelt."
"Why?
It isn't like anyone is going to pull us over and give us a ticket."
It was more difficult than I expected to formulate a coherent answer while fighting off the first quivering indications of another attack.
"She's right, Rachel.
You should be buckled in."
I expected her to argue with him.
No girl on the planet liked it when her older brother sided with her friends against her, but Rachel just frowned a little before scooting back so she could do up her seatbelt.
Was she really that scared of him?
I stole a glance at him out of the corner of my eye.
He didn't look threatening, well, at least no more so than usual.
Anyone with that many muscles was at least a little threatening.
But he was just sitting there casually, driving along, seemingly without a care in the world.
In fact, he wasn't buckled in either.
"Isn't that a bit hypocritical?
I mean you tell her to buckle up, but you're not buckled up yourself."
Alec shrugged.
"Yes, I suppose it does look hypocritical at that.
Let's just say Rachel would be missed if we hit another car, but nobody would need to miss me."
The answer was like something you'd expect from a politician.
It conveyed absolutely no information, and his supreme confidence was infuriating.
Luckily, I wouldn't have to hold my tongue for very long.
We were already gliding around the last bend in the road before our lane.
I expected Alec to slow to a stop and make me walk like James had.
He slowed, but just enough to make the turn down the dusty lane.
Rachel jumped out of the car as soon as it slowed down and opened my door for me.
"Enjoy the rest of your night, and don't lose hope on Les Misérables.
You never know when you're going to beat the odds."
Shaking my head in amazement at Rachel's unfailing optimism, I turned to thank Alec for the ride.
He was scowling a little again, which almost made me get out without saying anything.
My thanks received only a nod in return, and then Rachel was waving goodbye as they backed down the lane.
The Jeep was gone, of course.
I wiped away the beginnings of perspiration as I climbed our steps.
It was still hot enough outside that I knew it was going to be miserable inside.
By the time I reached the door I was contemplating just finding a decent tree and spending the afternoon outside.
The sight of a white envelope, barely visible against the off-white door, was enough to drive those thoughts out of my head.
It had my name on the side that'd been facing the door.
I pulled it down as I walked inside the house.
Mom was gone, there wasn't any reason I couldn't read whatever was in the envelope in the living room, but I found myself quickly climbing up our creaky stairs and closing my bedroom door behind me.
I tore the envelope open and pulled out a piece of heavy paper, almost like parchment.
The writing was elegant, a kind of flowing script that was different from anything I'd ever seen, but which paled against the sheer artistry of the sigil positioned at the bottom of the note.
Adriana, Your words of thanks were altogether unexpected, but decidedly appreciated.
You're most welcome for whatever small part I might have played in helping events to unfold as they would have in a perfect world.
My actions were not such as to merit any large boon from you, but still I must ask one.
Please never show this note to anyone.
I ask not for myself, but for the others such knowledge could affect.
I hope your circumstances continue on much as they are now, but on the chance they do not, I can be reached by leaving a note in the hollow of the lightning-struck tree half a mile to the east of your house.
--@ Chapter 15 My alarm pulled me out of the strangest night of sleep I'd ever experienced.
Maybe I'd just been overtired, or possibly the strange, symbol on the note, inked into the place where a signature normally would've been, had reminded me of the other truly alien experience so far in my life.
Whatever the reason, it felt like I'd spent all night on the edge of one of the incredible, vivid dreams.
I kept catching glimpses of the characteristic soft glow out of the corner of my eye, but hadn't ever actually slipped into a full-blown dream.
It'd left me feeling very unsatisfied.
I rolled over and pulled the note out from its hiding place in my dresser.
I had the words memorized already; the symbol was what I wanted now.
The note was proof of the existence of our benefactor, but the sigil on the bottom of the page was a clue to his identity.
It was incredibly intricate and completely different than anything I'd ever seen.
Once again I traced the sharp edges and smooth swirls with my eyes, marveling at the way it hinted at further complexity lurking just out of sight.
With a sigh of resignation I hid the note once again and pulled myself out of bed.
Convinced as I was that Brandon was our benefactor, I no longer felt any qualms about trusting him to come pick me up.
I waited in the living room until I saw him pull up, and then skipped out to meet him with a smile.
He reached over and opened my door, but some of the usual casualness was missing from his smile.
"Something wrong?"
Brandon spared a momentary glance from the road, just enough to give me a querying look.
"What do you mean?"
"I don't know.
It isn't anything I can really put a name too, but I'm usually pretty good at reading people, and something seems to be bothering you.
Or maybe just distracting you."
The smile was back, and at near normal intensity.
"Distracting is as good a description as any.
Some things have been a little different than normal.
Nothing to worry about, it just got me thinking."
Before my move to Sanctuary I probably would've pried just a little in an attempt to get whatever it was out in the open, but I didn't press him.
I had too many secrets of my own now, secrets I didn't want anyone looking at too closely until I'd had a chance to work through them.
Brandon pulled into his normal parking spot, cut the engine and grabbed my hand before I could open the door.
"Hey, you'd tell me if you knew about anything I should know, right?
Anything odd or out of the ordinary?"
For a second nothing made sense.
Brandon was the one who was saving us, and if that wasn't out of the ordinary, I didn't know what would be.
Only he'd said in his note not to say anything to anyone.
Of course.
He was testing me, making sure I was going to keep quiet about what he'd done.
Probably because he didn't want any of the praise for such a selfless act.
I was usually a pretty lousy liar, but it isn't really a lie if you both know the truth.
"Brandon, you can trust me.
There isn't anything odd going on.
At least nothing odder than normal for Sanctuary."
Brandon looked at me for several seconds, and then chuckled.
"You're right, compared to other places we do tend towards oddness.
It's the small town effect, I think."
Something about his voice was a little different than normal.
"You've lived somewhere else, somewhere bigger?"
The wistfulness was gone; the smile was back full force.
"Not really.
I've visited a few larger cities, but never for long enough to get the full feel for what it must be like to live in a Minneapolis or a New York.
Someday maybe though."
This time I was going to pry, but he preempted my question.
"It looks like we'd better be going or we'll both be late."
Les Misérables.
I managed to put the impending drawing more or less out of my mind for the first half of the day, but I actually missed Britney's constant gossip.
There was almost no redeeming value to most of what she said, but it did have the benefit of being distracting.
By the time lunch finally came around I needed some kind of distraction.
This was my only chance to see Les Misérables performed live before I turned forty.
Unfortunately, while the conversation at Brandon's table was plentiful, it wasn't very distracting.
I was quickly realizing that Brandon's friends weren't very nice.
I'd pretty much known Cassie was a wench, but Vincent seemed even meaner.
While a story about how someone tricked some poor girl into thinking he was going to ask her out was highly illuminating, it wasn't particularly the kind of thing I wanted to dwell on.
Especially considering how many parallels there were between her story, and mine.
I kept looking at the clock, and the later it got, the more certain I was that Principal Gossil was just about to get on the loudspeaker and call out the winners of the drawing.
The last two minutes of lunch dragged on forever, but then the bell rang and I was left sitting stunned as Brandon and his friends stood to go.
I let Brandon help me to my feet, hardly noticing the way his touch left my hand tingling, and headed off to class.
It was stupid, but I couldn't help feeling this was yet another sign I wasn't going to win a ticket.
I tried to shake the feeling during History, but was still fighting it when I walked into Physics.
In a departure from his normal routine, Alec was already seated when I arrived.
I flipped open my notebook and tried to distract myself with a brief sketch, only to tear the page out and ball it up as the bell rang.
I looked up to see Alec staring at me, which just made me mad.
It was completely unfair.
I wasn't going to get to go to Les Misérables, but he was rich enough to fly to New York and book the whole theater.
As Mrs. Alexander stood up to take roll, a burst of static silenced us all.
"It's my pleasure to read off the names of the five winners in our drawing for tickets to Les Misérables."
"The first winner is Pam White."
Somewhere down the hall I heard someone yell, and then an entire class broke out into cheers.
I knew I should be happy for Pam, but I was too busy wishing everyone would quiet down so we could hear the next name.
Mrs. Alexander shut the door, muting the roar as Principal Gossil continued with a slight rustle of papers.
"Also winning a ticket to Les Misérables next weekend, Mr. Andrew Webbs."
A couple of half-hearted cheers broke out towards the front of the class, but they were short-lived.
Andrew wasn't in the class, and his friends were probably spending almost as much time thinking about their odds of still winning, as I was.
I only had three chances left, three in two hundred assuming that everyone else in the school had entered the drawing, which was virtually guaranteed.
"And the third lucky person is Suzanne Bergerman."
And my chances were down to two, with even worse odds than I'd had a second before.
My hands hurt, only when I looked down to see why, it was because my fingernails were digging into my palms.
The blood was pounding so furiously in my ears that I couldn't hear the next name read.
I could tell it wasn't mine though because nobody turned back to congratulate me.
There was only one name left to be read, and I knew that it wasn't going to be mine.
I'd never been that lucky in my entire life.
As quickly as that my pulse slowed and my fists relaxed.
I could clearly hear as Principal Gossil cleared his throat and continued.
"The fifth winner is Ms. Adriana Paige."
The cheer from my classmates wasn't nearly as loud as the one for Pam, but it didn't matter.
I'd won a ticket.
Me, the person who never won anything, was going to get to see the greatest musical of all time.
I smiled and thanked everyone who yelled back congratulations, and then turned to find Alec staring at me.
"Congratulations, Adriana.
Les Misérables is one of the best.
I hope you enjoy it."
I thanked him sweetly, and even managed a smile, but I wanted to tell him he was a jerk.
I'd been desperate to win a ticket, and he had to take yet another opportunity to rub in the fact that he'd already seen it.
That he was rich enough to see it anywhere in the world as often as he wanted to.
Even my desire to tell Alec off wasn't strong enough to overcome the pure joy at having won.
The next two hours floated by, and before I would've believed it possible, I found myself heading towards the tutoring lab.
Rachel met me outside the door, her face lit up with a smile even more striking than her usual expression.
"You won.
I'm so excited that you won.
Guess what.
I traded tickets with Suzanne Bergerman, so we get to sit together!"
Life couldn't get any better.
I was going to Les Misérables with Rachel, and I only had two more hours before Brandon would be taking me home.
Chapter 16 My time with Brandon blurred by too quickly.
It was like the time between when he picked me up and dropped me off didn't even exist.
One moment I'd be blah and mundane, then next I'd be with him and the world was perfect.
When I was by myself, it was hard to believe it all hadn't been a dream.
Thursday morning flew by, it was like I blinked and it was already time for Mrs. Campbell's class.
A number of the other girls, and even a couple of the guys, stopped by my desk before the bell rang to congratulate me on winning the last ticket to Les Misérables.
Britney wasn't one of them.
I caught her glaring at me a couple of times out of the corner of my eye.
Under normal circumstances I probably would've felt guilty, or at least wished things had worked out differently.
Today, I was fully prepared to acknowledge Britney as the spoiled, self-centered brat she was.
The bell rang and then Mrs. Campbell's lecture was over in record time.
I even finished my assignment a good ten minutes before class was scheduled to end.
I was absently sketching what I expected the inside of the opera house to look like, when a tap on my shoulder pulled me out of my reverie.
"I'm so sorry, Mrs. Campbell.
I finished early, but I should have started on one of the catch-up assignments.
I just didn't want to get into a whole new subject with only ten minutes left."
Her smile was much more understanding than normal for a classroom situation.
It took the sting out of the words that were probably just for the people close enough to overhear.
"Don't you worry, Miss Paige, I'll let you know when I don't think you're keeping up.
Seeing as you are done though, would you please run something over to Mrs. North?
I'd do it, but I need to go to a special projects meeting today during lunch."
As quickly as that, my books were in my backpack and I was on my way to the second story of the school, which housed music, sketching, and all the other forms of art lesser mortals like me would never master.
The journey would've been completely unremarkable except that I happened to glance into one of the classrooms just before I found Mrs. North's room.
Even a brief glance screamed art students.
There were at least twenty people sitting in front of contraptions that looked like a cross between an easel and a desk, and most of them had the look of intense concentration I'd come to associate with Mom attempting to frame a picture.
The notable exception was Alec, who I almost didn't recognize.
I hadn't expected to see him in an art class, but more than that was the way his face seemed transformed.
He'd always been gorgeous.
I could dislike, even hate him, and still acknowledge that he made my heart go pitter-patter, but this was something else.
He looked so happy, so at peace with the world, that for the brief moment between when I saw him and when I recognized him, I thought I'd seen an angel.
I'd always thought that intense look of concentration was the sign of a true artist.
Maybe it still was.
Maybe whatever he was drawing was absolute crap.
Maybe the masters like Michelangelo and da Vinci had completed their greatest works with expressions very similar to what everyone else in the class was sporting.
Still, I couldn't help envy such contentment.
I dropped off my bundle of papers at Mrs. North's class, and started back towards my locker.
I couldn't help trying to catch another glimpse of the art class as I walked past.
I'd been hoping to see Alec again, but hadn't expected him to look up as I craned my neck to see inside.
I stumbled a little in surprise.
He was still gorgeous, but the simple joy was gone.
He no longer looked like something that couldn't exist in this world, but even with anger etched on his features my heart still skipped a beat.
I ducked around the corner and started down the stairs, my embarrassment at being caught staring giving way to anger.
It didn't make any sense.
I'd never done anything to him.
Did he really hate me so much just because I'd told him off about not protecting Rachel?
Cassie was waiting for me at my locker when I got there.
"Brandon wanted me to stop by and let you know he had a few things to take care of, so he won't see you during lunch.
You can still come sit with us if you want."
The words were right.
If I'd been reading them off of a page in a book, I probably would've believed them, but the way she delivered them left no doubt in my mind.
She didn't want me at their table.
The only reason she'd stopped by my locker was because Brandon had told her to.
"Thanks, but I have some studying to do.
I'd better just find a quiet corner."
The smile I received was sickly sweet, but left me with the impression I'd just failed a test.
"Okay, we'll see you another day then?"
I pulled out my Spanish and Biology books, more because they were the two subjects I was doing the worst in than out of any real desire to study them, and wandered the halls until Mr. Whethers took pity on me and asked if I wanted to study in his classroom.
Sitting there all by myself felt so lonely.
When you boiled it all down, I had a grand total of two friends in Sanctuary.
Rachel and Brandon, both of who seemed to dislike the other, and neither of whom I was really sure I could count on.
It was fine to only have two friends, or even just one friend if you knew they would do everything they possibly could to make sure they wouldn't let you down.
It was entirely different when you weren't sure you could trust the people around you.
Brandon was too good to be true.
I pretty much expected any day now he'd come to his senses and realize he could do a lot better.
Right or not, it's hard to really become emotionally invested when you feel like that.
Rachel on the other hand should have been the perfect friend, but I got the feeling she'd always choose her brother over me.
I felt guilty for holding that against her, family should be important.
Cindi's friends back in Minnesota had probably felt similarly, but I'd always been really careful not to make her choose between me and them.
Alec seemed like the type who'd force a decision just because he could.
I felt my heart go crazy at the same time tears started gathering at the corner of my eyes.
It was stupid to have risked a panic attack when I was already borderline depressed, but that was what I was looking at now.
I'd picked a seat that wasn't visible from the doorway, so I just put my head down and let the twin traumas run their course.
By the time I was feeling steady enough to leave the classroom, I had just enough time to make it to the bathroom and try to clean myself up before lunch ended.
The rest of the day went in starts and stutters.
I went from answering a question about the economy of post-Civil War Georgia, to watching Alec start putting together rough plans for our next group project.
I had just enough time to notice he seemed relieved I wasn't trying to get in his way, and then Spanish was finishing up and I was headed to the tutoring lab.
Most Friday afternoon sessions were pretty sparsely attended.
Today was no different, which was a good thing since I probably wouldn't have done a very good job of explaining anything.
Mrs. Campbell shut everything down before my shift started, and sent me home with a concerned look in her eye.
Rachel skipped over to my table while I was still trying to get my books put away.
"Guess what.
I'm bringing pizza on the bus so we'll have something to eat on the way to Les Misérables.
I can't wait.
My first time going to Les Misérables, and my first road trip on a bus."
"You've never actually been on a school bus before, have you?"
Rachel blushed a little bit.
"Well, no not really.
It should be fun still though, right?"
I found myself returning her smile.
You really couldn't spend any time around Rachel and not find yourself smiling.
"Well, I've heard about bus trips that were extremely fun, but I've never been on one before.
For me it's always been way too much time crammed into a relatively small space with fifty or sixty other people and no bathroom.
Still, if any bus trip is going to be fun, it'd be this one."
Rachel handed me my last book, and waved to Isaac, who was just now getting up from his table.
"Hello, Adriana.
I assume you'll need a ride home today?"
It was the first time Isaac had actually spoken to me, and I was surprised at how well-spoken he was.
His voice sounded like a superbly-tuned cello.
I filed the information away as further evidence he wasn't really our age.
"Yes please, Brandon can only take me home on Tuesdays and Thursdays."
It wasn't my imagination; Isaac flinched slightly, and Rachel's smile momentarily turned plastic.
I mentally kicked myself for having once again stepped squarely between the Capulets and Montagues.
Isaac recovered with admirable speed, smiling as he gestured us forward.
"Well, then, after you."
It wasn't until Rachel and Isaac were driving away that I realized she'd completely pulled me out of my funk.
I still didn't know that I could really depend on her, but at least I knew she'd try her hardest.
Chapter 17 I reached out groggily to turn off my alarm, and then wished it was still the weekend so I wouldn't have to get up and go to school.
I finished off my normal morning routine with a pair of aspirin from the bathroom cupboard.
I didn't usually like taking drugs of any kind, but I had a sharp headache building already.
I shuffled downstairs, waved a speechless hello to Mom, grabbed my lunch, bag, and books as I absently wondered why there was a cupcake on the counter with a lit candle.
Mom has always been paranoid about open flames.
She'd nearly burned down the house as a kid.
I was halfway to the front door before Mom grabbed my arm and turned me back towards the kitchen.
"I can't believe you.
You really would have left without realizing it was your birthday?"
Ugh.
No wonder I had a headache.
My brain must have been working overtime in an effort to block out the fact I was now another year older.
"Thanks, Mom."
I blew out the candle, and turned to leave again, but didn't even get to take a step this time.
"Hold on there.
Do you always skip breakfast now?"
Mom had somehow spontaneously developed these weird memories featuring me as a morning person.
I personally couldn't remember a time when I'd actually liked getting up.
I didn't necessarily hate the mornings, but we weren't really on a first-name basis.
More like acquaintances than friends.
"You both used to be down in the kitchen eating breakfast at the crack of dawn almost every morning.
Now it's like you don't even want to roll out of bed."
She used to like mornings.
I'd tagged along just because it hadn't seemed right to put a damper on such enthusiasm.
Trust Mom to bring that up on my birthday.
I swayed just a little.
Today it didn't seem quite as bad, as long as I didn't think of her actual name.
"Mom, I don't want to be late.
Thanks a bunch for the cupcake.
Can we wait to celebrate until after school?"
Now it was her turn to look guilty and fidget just a little bit.
"Actually, that's why I wanted to talk to you this morning.
I've been shooting that new place I left you the note about.
The one that bunch of kids your age told me about.
Anyways, it's the best place I've found so far.
I've been shooting it at pretty much all hours, but I think I need to get higher up for the shot I want."
I knew exactly where this was going.
Actually, I was kind of relieved she wasn't going to be around this afternoon.
Birthdays are supposed to be special.
Dad had always understood that and done an amazing job of surprising us with something new and unusual on our birthdays.
Mom had always felt like a round of happy birthdays and a cake more than met the requirements for birthday specialness.
It was going to be hard enough missing Dad on the one day guaranteed to make me think of him.
It would've been worse if Mom was around constantly making comparisons between what she was doing and what Dad would've done.
"...so this is the only day he can help me, and if I don't get some help climbing, then I'll never make it high enough to get the shot for the tourism booklet.
You understand, don't you, sweetie?"
I nodded, and managed a fairly convincing smile.
"Okay, then.
Well there's a present for you in the living room, but since you didn't want to celebrate until after school, you'll have to wait to open it."
I could definitely hear the rumble of a high-performance engine.
I nodded again, and turned to go, hopeful that I could avoid the inevitable question of why Brandon was coming to pick me up in the mornings as well as dropping me off most afternoons.
Unfortunately, Mom's hearing was nearly as good as mine, and she was walking towards the windows before I managed to get the door open.
"Adri, who's that?"
It was obviously one of those leading questions designed to see whether or not I'd try to lie.
I shrugged.
"His name is Brandon; he picks me up sometimes in the morning."
I was saved from dealing with her response by Brandon's knock.
"Hello, Adriana, Mrs.
Paige."
I never thought I'd see the like.
Mom's face lost its stern 'I'm doing this for your own good' look, and instead transformed into something not very different from what I saw every time I watched the girls my age look at Brandon.
"Well, hello.
You're Brandon?"
** Fifteen minutes later, I was still trying to believe things had gone so well.
I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.
"I don't know what kind of magic you just used on my mom, but whatever it was, you should do it again.
Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
That was amazing!"
Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
"I didn't do anything special.
Your mom seems like a very sensible person."
I almost choked.
"I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.
She spends half of her time in a different universe entirely, and only occasionally worries about the same kinds of things as other parents."
"Ah, a dreamer, but one who still freaks out when it comes to her daughter and boys.
Maybe she was just struck by my obvious good nature."
I shook my head as we pulled into the parking lot.
"Please.
You're just about everything she's worried about in a guy.
Rich, handsome, popular.
The only thing you could change to scare her worse would be to join the football team and be the star quarterback."
His smile was so beautiful it made my heart ache.
"Well, in that case I'm glad I never tried out for the varsity team.
I'd hate to make things any more difficult for you."
Brandon gently captured my arm as we slipped inside the school.
"Speaking of stars, I happened to read them last night and they told me a secret."
"Oh, really?
Do tell, I always love to hear a good secret."
There was a new twinkle in his eye as he shook his head.
"Oh, it wasn't a secret from you, just one you hadn't shared with me.
Happy birthday.
I've got a multi-part present in the works, but it's taking a bit longer to wrap it all up, so you may have to wait a little."
As quickly as that, he winked and turned to catch up with Cassie, leaving me in a state of near shock.
He'd been inside the house, but hadn't been able to see the kitchen, so he hadn't seen the cupcake and candle.
I'd done web searches on my name and birth date before and never had it return anything legit, so he couldn't have found it out that way.
Even that would've been an unheard-of level of effort coming from a guy, but however he really had learned it was my birthday must have been even harder than that.
I felt like I was floating on a cloud as I hurried off to Biology.
The feeling lasted exactly as long as it took me to sit down, listen to Mrs. Sorenson tell us all that she'd finished grading our tests, and then see the big, self-satisfied 'D' sitting at the top of my paper.
For a second it felt as though my heart had stopped beating.
I'd never done worse than a 'B' on any assignment or test since I'd finished up Kindergarten.
I couldn't take this home and show my mom.
Head in the clouds half of the time or not, she'd still freak out.
Heck, I was already freaking out enough for the both of us.
This was going on my high school transcript.
The one colleges would be looking at.
The one that might have gotten me a scholarship.
Only now I'd be lucky to pull a 'C' out of the class.
I tried to control my breathing.
This wasn't the end of the world.
I was almost done catching up in Algebra, so I'd have a ton more time.
If I really worked hard, maybe I'd be okay.
Most teachers would still offer some kind of extra credit if you begged hard enough.
I spent the next hour mapping out exactly how I was going to salvage my college prospects, and had more or less pulled myself together by the time English ended.
My newfound dedication to excellence meant I outdid myself in Algebra.
I finished up the day's homework, and made it more than halfway through one of my makeup assignments by the time Mrs. Campbell stopped off at my desk.
"Care to run another errand for me, Adriana?"
I didn't really want to.
Not when I'd just discovered I had more studying to do than was humanly possible.
Still, Mrs. Campbell had always been super nice, if equally stern, and there was only ten more minutes of class left.
Besides, I'd been so intrigued by the sight of Alec drawing that I wanted to see him like that again.
If he could take such joy in the creation process, maybe he wasn't as bad as he seemed.
The only way to know for sure was to see him with all of the masks off again.
"Sure, I'd love to.
Mrs. North again?"
I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.
The congestion was bad in the halls, but for some reason it was twice as bad around stairs.
Apparently I was hurrying just a little too fast.
I tripped just before I hit the first step, and almost went crashing down the flight that led to the basement.
Luckily I was just quick enough to grab the banister and save myself from a broken neck.
I didn't quite manage to avoid twisting my ankle though, so I limped all the way up to the second floor.
Trying to be as casual as possible, I looked into the art room as I hobbled by, but they'd rearranged their stations, and someone's easel was in the way now.
The sprained ankle had slowed me down enough that there was no way I was going to make it back to my locker before the bell rang.
Still, I tried to be gracious when it went off just as I handed Mrs. North the papers.
Based on the number of classrooms on the second floor, and the narrowness of the stairs, there was no point in trying to wait the crowd out.
I gritted my teeth and limped out into the surge of bodies.
Surprisingly enough, there were more familiar faces than expected.
As I grabbed the handrail on the right, I noticed Isaac several feet ahead of me.
Of course, it's hard to miss someone nearly six feet tall and almost as well-muscled as Alec.
Even if he was partially hidden by Vincent, who was strutting along a little higher up the stairs with all of his usual arrogance.
If Isaac had been the one close enough to reach out and touch, I probably would've tried to get his attention and said hi.
With Vincent, I just stayed quiet and hoped he wouldn't notice me.
I didn't want to risk tripping and making my ankle worse, so I was paying especially close attention to where my feet were going.
If I hadn't been looking down, I would have completely missed it.
I still almost thought I'd imagined it, but there was no denying that Vincent's foot snaked out and nudged the ankle of the kid in front of him just hard enough to trip the smaller guy.
The result was all out of proportion to what I expected.
The smaller boy fell forward, careening towards the banister with so much force he knocked people in front of him out of the way.
Just before I left elementary school someone had read us a newspaper article about some poor guy being pushed over a railing and falling to his death.
I'd had nightmares for months.
Dreams where the stairs had turned slick and I'd slid all the way down them.
Dreams where the banister hadn't even been there and the stairs had become impossibly narrow, and nightmares where I'd somehow stumbled and started to fall over the edge of the railing.
This was like all of those dreams put together, only happening to someone else.
A couple of kids reached out, but the only people who could've really stopped him had already been bowled over.
Time slowed down for me as he hit the railing and started over it.
His feet came up and his torso was hanging in the void when someone reached over and grabbed his arm.
I heard a grunt of effort, saw him stop moving, and only then realized it was Ben who'd nearly died.
In the split second between Ben being gently placed back on the stairs, and everyone starting to breathe again, I followed the arm that'd saved him back to see who the hero was.
Isaac met my gaze as he let go of Ben and then he looked up at Vincent with a stare that was somehow both calm and challenging at the same time.
"What are you looking at, freak?"
It was hard to believe Vincent could be so nonchalant after having almost killed someone.
It'd been an accident obviously, but still that wasn't the kind of thing you just shook off.
All of the kids that'd been rushing forward to congratulate Isaac for his heroic save started backing away.
Anxious to avoid the fight, I tried to move with the crowd, but felt a flash of pain as my abused ankle protested.
For a second I couldn't think about anything other than the agony.
When I managed to get my eyes to focus again, Vincent was only a couple of inches away from Isaac and hissing something too quiet for me to make out.
Whatever it was, Vincent was all but foaming at the mouth while Isaac was so controlled it was hard to believe a fight was about to break out.
As admirable as Isaac's calm was, I was actually wishing he was a little more worked up.
I'd seen plenty of fights where the guy who got the first hit in won.
Vincent was going to throw the first punch, and then Isaac was going to go down like a house of cards.
Something Vincent said must've been particularly vile.
Isaac's expression shifted for just a second.
They were circling now, both amazingly graceful considering that they were still on the stairs.
Everyone stepped back a little further.
I hobbled up a stair or two in an effort to avoid getting in the way.
I'd heard of tension so thick you could cut it with a knife, but this was the first time I'd ever experienced it.
It felt like there was electricity surging back and forth between Vincent and Isaac, making my skin feel too small.
The tension suddenly flickered like a dying light bulb.
"Vincent!"
I was disoriented for a second.
The yell had come from behind me, and had torn the two apart faster than I'd believed possible.
The crowd, packed so tightly that I'd been worried someone was going to get pushed over the railing, separated as Alec flowed down the stairs.
I'd only thought Isaac and Vincent were graceful.
Alec made them look like drunken frat boys.
Vincent spun around so fast it almost looked like he was going to fall down and then backed away from both of them like a cornered animal.
It was hard to decide whether my excitement at seeing the biggest jerk I'd ever met humbled outweighed my dislike for Alec, who'd pretty much locked up the honor of being the second biggest jerk.
A surge of dread washed through me as Vincent backed closer to the wall in an effort to maintain his distance from Alec.
I half expected for the incredible tension I'd been feeling before to disappear, but instead it morphed slightly.
If I hadn't known it was absolutely absurd, I would've said it felt like there was a tingly wind blowing down the stairs, pushing Vincent along before it.
Isaac moved slightly.
It was a small change of position, but somehow incredibly menacing.
It wasn't until Vincent froze in place that I realized Isaac's shift had kept Vincent squarely between him and Alec.
It was like watching a pair of wolves bringing down an elk.
I'd seen gangs work together like this before, but it seemed strangely out of place in Sanctuary.
I was positive there was going to be a fight after all, but then Vincent grabbed some poor freshman, shoved him into Isaac, and pushed his way downstairs as Isaac caught the human missile.
As soon as Vincent was safely out of sight, everyone surged forward to congratulate Isaac on having saved Ben, and Ben on having not died.
** The near fight between Isaac and Vincent and then Alec's intervention seemed to be the buzz for the next two hours.
It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.
Alec was plenty prickly and stuck up, but that was nothing compared to how much the average student hated Vincent, who seemed to delight in making everyone's life miserable.
The teachers seemed curiously ignorant of everything.
Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.
Limping over there listening to Vincent run his mouth and then coming all the way back here for History wouldn't be worth it.
History being what it was, I probably heard about as much in that one hour as most everyone else did during the whole rest of the day.
Mr. Simms seemed especially dense, and pretty much let everyone do whatever they wanted for the entire class.
In deference to my new dedication to academic excellence, I finished up the reading, and then opened up my Biology book and started trying to get a handle on all of the items I'd thought I understood, but apparently hadn't.
When the bell rang I limped back to my locker before making my painful way to Physics.
I almost turned around and left when I saw the substitute again, but almost two decades of ingrained respect for authority figures propelled me into the room and to my seat.
I happened to look up at the exact moment that Alec appeared in the doorway.
I expected him to take one look at the sub and turn around like he'd done before, but he registered the presence of a substitute and then came inside regardless.
It didn't make sense until the first girl all but fainted as he walked past her desk.
Of course.
He didn't like substitutes, and figured he had better places to be, but the draw of hero worship after having almost double-teamed Vincent was just too much to resist.
The sub took a desultory roll, and then waved his hands at us.
"Her notes say you're all supposed to be able to work on some kind of group project.
Just keep it to a dull roar."
It was like releasing a bunch of kids in a candy store and telling them to sample whatever they wanted.
Every single girl in the classroom but me made an instant beeline towards Alec's desk.
The guys were a little slower, but not by much.
For a while I tried to ignore all of the poorly disguised gushing about how brave Alec was, or attempts by the guys to recreate exactly what Alec would've done if Vincent had gone ahead and thrown a punch.
After fifteen minutes I finally gave up, closed my book and flipped open my notebook.
Our physics class was about the most sedate, nerdy group of people I'd yet met.
If they were this worked up about the fight, it was a good thing I didn't share any other classes with Alec.
The rest of the school must be three or four times as bad.
Sketching helped block out all of the inane conversation that'd taken over the other corner of the room.
It was amazing how easily I was able to zone out while drawing.
Once again, I didn't try to guide my hand, just let my subconscious create a horizon and start fleshing out a body of water and droopy trees around it.
The sound of a hand coming down hard on a desk pulled me from my refuge.
"I told you all to keep it to a dull roar.
I want everyone back to your seats."
A couple people looked like they wanted to give the sub a hard time, but these were all the kids who were hoping to make it into the top ten percent of their graduating class.
None of them really had a disobedient bone in their body.
They grudgingly returned to their seats and left Alec by himself.
I picked my pencil back up and started drawing again, only to be disturbed by someone clearing their throat.
Alec was looking down at me with something almost like a smile playing at the corner of his lips.
For a second I couldn't blame the other girls for swarming him over.
He was so attractive it was hard to remember he was such a jerk.
I forced myself to stop wondering if anyone else in the entire world had such incredibly blue eyes, and tilted my head to the side questioningly.
"Sorry, I can tell you're not really in the mood to work on our project, especially with all of the racket today, but I saw you limping down the stairs just before lunch.
Are you okay?"
It was almost convincing.
If he hadn't mentioned the stairs, and thereby the fight, I might have fallen for it, but he was just looking for more attention.
"I'll be okay.
Just a little sprain."
Alec looked like he wanted to say something else, but finally nodded and sat down in the next chair over.
It wasn't as good as if he'd gone all the way back to his seat, and it was extremely out of character, but it was better than nothing.
I breathed a sigh of relief that he wasn't going to continue fishing for compliments, and returned to my drawing.
I knew I should open my books back up and study, but it was starting to take shape, and I figured it was only a few minutes away from becoming recognizable.
Once that happened my meager drawing skills would evaporate and I'd have to stop anyways.
For whatever reason every time I tried to work on something after I realized what it was, I completely ruined it.
One of many reasons why I'd never really pursued drawing.
A short time later I surfaced again and looked down to find a familiar landscape.
The body of water had morphed into an oblong pond with a crescent island positioned almost exactly in the center.
I still remembered the first time I'd been told a monster had taken a bite out of the island, and that was the reason it was so oddly shaped.
The trees were all familiar too.
I'd climbed each and every one of them at least once.
The one on the right had taken the longest to conquer.
I'd tried climbing it dozens of times over the years before finally making it to the top when I was thirteen.
When I'd finally made it as high as I figured was safe, I'd worked my trembling way back down to the ground, and never felt even the slightest inclination to climb it again.
I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes as I remembered all of the good times our family had spent together there.
It was like being immersed in everything I'd loved only to have it evaporate when I went to grab my surroundings.
"Hey, that's really pretty good.
Is that a real place?"
I nodded, hoping Alec would take the hint implied in my silence.
I should have known better.
"What's it called?"
The name slid out of me almost of its own accord.
"Monster Lake."
Every single birthday I could remember had involved some kind of trip out to Monster Lake.
Picnics had swapped off with treasure hunts and then been replaced by other activities depending on Dad's mood and my age.
My subconscious had keyed in on the one scene guaranteed to make me feel miserable.
"Was that close to your house in Minnesota?
I..." Whatever else Alec was saying was lost to the roar in my ears, caused as always by my racing heart.
I didn't even have a chance to try and fight the attack.
By the time I realized I was in trouble, papers were flying off my desk and the floor was racing up to meet me.
Rather than swimming around in blackness like I normally did when collapsed, this time there was just nothing.
One second I was falling, the next I was opening my eyes and looking up at Alec.
"Stand back, everyone, and let me through!"
It took a few seconds to realize the sub was the one yelling.
Nobody seemed very interested in making room for him.
The reason it took so long for my brain to start working again was that I couldn't seem to think about anything other than Alec.
He was looking down at me with an expression I'd never seen on his face before.
I still couldn't read it, but it was new and somehow seemed like it belonged there more than his normal impenetrable mask.
"What's going on?
Is she okay?"
The sub had finally pushed his way through the crowd, and looked like he was about two steps away from a total panic.
Alec stood, and it wasn't until I went up at the same time that I realized he was carrying me.
"I think she'll be fine, but maybe I should get her to the nurse.
Just to be sure."
Even as he was talking, Alec was moving towards the door.
"There's really no need.
I'm fine.
I don't need to see the nurse."
It was obvious he was going to ignore me.
I tried to thrash around enough for him to put me down, but he restrained my arms with a couple of fingers.
The motion was so casual I was pretty sure nobody even realized he'd pinned my arms to my stomach with surprising strength.
I thought about kicking, or even screaming, but that would just leave me feeling like a child and give Alec exactly the kind of attention he was probably hoping for.
"You hit your head pretty hard; I really think we should get you to the office.
Sir, with your permission?"
The comment about hitting my head settled me down.
It wasn't until we were out in the hall that I realized my head didn't hurt.
That was probably a really bad sign.
"Let go of my hands."
Alec unpinned my arms, set me down, and then chuckled as I started gingerly probing my scalp.
"What are you doing?
You didn't actually hit your head.
I caught you before you hit the ground."
I started to shake my head and then thought better of it.
"Please, every other time I've dropped that quickly I've totally banged myself up.
You were on the other side of my desk, there's no way you got all the way around it and managed to catch me before I hit the ground."
The mild amusement on Alec's face froze into something else.
"Believe what you will.
There's no reason to worry about a concussion."
"Then why did you tell the sub I'd hit my head?"
He looked away for a moment, almost as though deciding whether or not to tell the truth.
"I presumed you wouldn't want to stay and be subject to everyone's questions.
You seem not to like people prying about your attacks, and you were less happy than usual today.
I thought you could use the break."
Apparently he'd decided against the truth option.
"I looked unhappy today?
You, who never crack a smile unless you're going to get something out of it, were concerned about the fact I wasn't all smiles and giggles?
Maybe you should flunk a test or two.
Only it doesn't really count unless your dad, you know, the one who used to make your birthdays really special, is gone."
Alec's mouth opened, closed, and then assumed its normal place in his unreadable mask.
He reached out, almost consolingly, but I stepped away before he could make contact.
I knew I should shut up before I said something really unreasonable, but my anger was in the driver's seat now.
"Don't try and pretend you're sorry.
You were just looking for an excuse to get out of class once all of the hero worship dried up.
Well I got you out and you helped me avoid all of the stupid questions everyone would've asked, so we're even."
There was another flicker of something I couldn't quite read in Alec's eyes, but I was long past caring.
I turned and limped off, wishing my ankle was in better shape so I could properly stomp.
Spanish arrived much too soon.
Since I hadn't gotten in trouble wandering the halls so far, it was a definite temptation to skip the last hour of school too.
Unfortunately my luck was bound to give out sooner or later, and then I'd be in even more trouble.
The last thing I needed was a record of delinquency to go along with my failing grade in Biology.
Mrs. Tiggs was positively glowing as we all walked into her classroom.
She popped out of her chair as soon as the bell rang, and began handing out graded tests.
My world started trembling as I turned my test over and saw an 'F' at the top of the page.
'Come see me after class.'
The note felt like the final nail in the coffin of my academic future.
My efforts to focus were entirely wasted.
It took everything I had just to hold myself together until class ended.
I'd planned on remaining in my seat until everyone else left, but Mrs. Tiggs motioned me to her desk while half the class was still filing out the door.
"It gives me no pleasure to tell you this, but based on your initial test score I think you should prepare yourself for the fact that you're probably going to fail this class.
I worried this would be the result of your starting so late in the semester and not having any prior Spanish experience.
Unfortunately, it's now too late for you to switch into another class.
I'm afraid you'll just have to take the failing grade."
I stood there woodenly for several seconds, unsure whether or not she was through.
She finally made a shooing motion and turned back to grading papers.
Predictably, there were still a half-dozen other kids in the classroom.
They all turned back to the door and started filing out again, but by tomorrow half the school would know exactly how badly I'd just been humiliated.
I found myself just outside the tutor lab with no recollection of having stumbled to my locker, or going by Physics to grab the stuff I'd left there.
Still, somehow my Spanish book had disappeared, replaced by my math book.
My knees started shaking as I entered the room, but I made it safely to my normal table before they gave out.
"Adri, Adriana?
Excuse me."
I didn't recognize the girl standing across from me, but based on her uncomfortable expression and the fact that more than one person had turned for the sole purpose of watching us out of the corner of their eyes, she'd been standing there longer than I'd realized.
Apparently my looking up was enough of a response for her to proceed.
"I've got a note from Mrs. Campbell.
She asked me to deliver it to you."
I managed something that could just barely be construed as a thank you, took the note, and watched her leave.
A note from a teacher, even one I liked, didn't seem very important when weighed against failing two of my six classes.
The reoccurring thought of how horrified my Dad would've been that his daughter, 'the smart one,' was going to flunk out of high school was enough to keep me constantly on the edge of a panic attack.
The longer that went on the less ability, and even more dangerous, the less desire I'd have to try and fight it off.
I finally opened up the note more out of a need for a distraction than any real inclination to find out what it contained.
Adriana.
I'm afraid I've been called into a surprise meeting with the school administration.
Normally I wouldn't cancel the tutoring session, but Albert and Peter are both out, and it wouldn't be fair to leave you all by yourself to try and take care of everyone.
Go ahead and tell everyone the tutoring session is canceled, and I'll see you tomorrow.
--Nora Campbell I sat motionless for several seconds before realizing this was the out I needed.
If I could pull myself together enough to cancel the lab, I could go home and self-destruct without ruining the scattered shards left of my life.
"The lab has been canceled for today.
I'm sorry, everyone, but most of the tutors are sick and Mrs. Campbell had to go to a meeting after school.
Everything should be back to normal tomorrow though."
I expected everyone to jump to their feet and all but run out of the room.
I didn't expect what I actually got.
"Who are you and why on earth should we believe you?
The last thing I want to do is go home and get in trouble for cutting tutoring again."
I opened my mouth to answer, but words wouldn't make their way past the trembling in my chest.
I felt tears start threatening to arrive and further humiliate me, but Rachel came to my rescue.
"She's one of the tutors.
Patty Sanders, who I happen to know has Mrs. Campbell's class sixth period, just gave her a note.
Stay if you want, but she's done exactly what she was supposed to."
I wanted to give Rachel a big hug, or maybe just break into tears right then and there.
I managed to just give her a smile, and hold off on the tears until I'd gathered up my stuff and made it out of the room.
Rachel caught up with me before I made it very far.
"Adriana, are you okay?
Don't you want a ride home?"
I turned towards her to respond and just broke down.
She pulled me into an open classroom and gave me a hug while I tried to explain about the two failed tests, my birthday, and how much I missed my Dad and Cindi.
The last bit was especially garbled.
I was pretty sure she wasn't getting any of it, but that didn't matter.
All that mattered was I was finally able to tell someone.
I never really got myself under control; my sobs just subsided enough for me to tell Rachel I wanted to go home.
Isaac was standing right outside the classroom door, and unobtrusively helped Rachel get me to his car where she jumped into the back with me.
Even through the haze of tears I could tell he wasn't happy about the seating arrangement, but once again Rachel showed the kind of iron will she'd demonstrated with James.
Almost before I knew it we were rolling to a stop in my driveway.
I fumbled, for the latch, but Rachel put a hand on my arm before I could get the door open.
She handed me a white-wrapped package with a shy smile.
"Hang in there.
Oh, and happy birthday.
Don't open it now, but I hope you like it."
I whispered thanks as I hugged her goodbye, and then made my halting, limping way into the house.
I was only in the house for fifteen minutes before I realized being all by myself was a terrible idea.
At some point I transitioned from just crying to having a full-blown panic attack.
It should've terrified me that something new was bringing on an episode, but it was like there was so much else going wrong I couldn't spare any more emotional energy.
I came out of the attack and remained on the floor thinking about all of the good times I'd had with Dad and Cindi.
The memories should have made me feel better, but they had the opposite effect.
I felt the tears start again as I realized all that goodness and joy was gone from my life forever.
As my immunity started to wear off, I gratefully surrendered to the next attack, and the blissful relief it represented.
I knew I was on track to drop back into the funk that'd robbed me of the weeks immediately after they died, but I was still strangely numb in the parts that should have cared.
It seemed like I was on my third iteration, but it might have been the fourth or fifth.
I was too detached to care.
The knock on the door at least brought me back to myself enough to wonder how long I'd been on the floor.
My ankle hurt so bad, it was all I could do to get myself standing and then hobble the fifteen feet to the door.
When I finally managed to get the door open and found empty space where there should have been a person, I almost swore.
Then I saw the incredibly beautiful rose on our porch.
I picked it up, trimmed the bottom inch or so off with a knife, and got it into some water acting out of nothing more than pure habit.
Dad had always kept at least a pair of rose bushes alive.
He'd loved nothing more than giving Mom roses.
Once I'd safely done my part to help prolong the future life of the gorgeous specimen, I got down to really examining it.
I was far from an expert on roses, but I'd looked through pictures of hundreds of different kinds of tea roses, and never seen anything quite like this one.
It was as big as some of the largest specimens I'd seen, and had at least fifty percent more petals than most of the 'very full' varieties I was familiar with.
That in and of itself was pretty amazing, but nothing in comparison to the petals themselves.
They were the purest white edged in a breathtaking purple.
Equally amazing was just how velvety they were.
They looked like the softest thing in the world, and cried out to be touched.
I expected to be disappointed as I leaned in.
Most of the prettiest roses aren't actually very fragrant.
This one proved a surprise.
The normal scent I'd come to associate with roses was there, with the slightest hint of something new, something better than anything I'd ever been exposed to.
I leaned in even closer in an attempt to drink in the fragrance, and heard the rustle of expensive paper as I brushed the note that had been attached to the rose with a simple green ribbon.
My name was elegantly scrawled along the outside face in a script I'd only seen one other place.
After a moment's hesitation, I unfolded the parchment.
Your birthday should be a time of happiness.
I've spent months looking for a name for this flower, and at the point of giving up, inspiration struck today.
Lagrimas del Angel always come at too high a cost.
Nothing so exquisite could be otherwise.
Please don't despair.
--@ The hand-drawn symbol on the bottom of the page was so familiar it almost felt like a part of me now.
He'd saved our house, got Mom a job, and then given me the best birthday present I could've asked for.
I felt my insides clench and knot, but this time it was happiness that brought tears to my eyes.
My wavering vision was just up to making out the outline of Rachel's present where I'd left it on the table.
Feeling incredibly ungrateful and thoughtless, I limped over to the table and tore open the delicate wrapping paper.
It was a copy of the latest Les Misérables movie, complete with the score from the most recent Broadway production, and a signed picture of the entire cast.
Mom still wasn't home by the time it got dark, but I went to bed truly happy for the first time in ages.
Rachel was the best friend a girl could wish for, and Brandon had come through in spades.
Chapter 18 I felt my stomach do handsprings as I walked inside the opera house.
The week had flown by much faster than expected.
Especially considering how slowly each individual day had dragged along.
Most of my waking hours had been spent wondering if Saturday night was ever going to arrive.
My train of thought shattered as I got my first glimpse of the interior of what'd become my own personal Mecca.
The exterior of the building had been impressive, complete with statues and sculptures reminiscent of an eighteenth-century opera house, but I hadn't expected the illusion to hold once I passed through the enormous, gilded doors.
I'd been wrong.
The floors were a gorgeous marble which drew the eyes to the nearest golden-white wall, and up the elaborate gilded trim towards vaulted ceilings.
It was like walking into a palace, complete with painted, spun-sugar clouds, and burgundy drapes made out of rich velvet.
If it wasn't for the press of people pushing me from behind, I probably would've stayed in the front entryway right up until the sound of the orchestra filtered down to me.
As it was, I only got a few hurried looks before being rushed along with the rest of the students.
Seeing all of my classmates looking utterly bored as they allowed themselves to be herded through the most amazing building I'd ever seen brought me back to my original train of thought.
I hadn't actually spent every waking moment thinking about Les Misérables.
A fair number of those seconds had been spent with Brandon.
He'd already been picking me up from school every morning and dropping me off most days.
We now spent every lunch together, and he'd started lingering when he dropped me off.
It was still only on the days when Mom wasn't home, and I hadn't quite mustered the guts to invite him in, but it'd still been really nice.
Of course it'd been the logical kind of thing to have start happening after someone asked you to the Ashure Day Dance.
It was still so amazing someone like Brandon had asked me to go to a dance that half the time I forgot all about it.
The other half of the time I had a hard time believing it'd really happened.
But it had, and there were more than four dozen roses scattered around our kitchen to prove it.
Predictably, Brandon didn't do anything halfway.
I'd gone to school on Tuesday after receiving his amazing, 'anonymous' gift the day before, only to be ambushed at lunch.
I'd been anxiously waiting for him at his normal table when a pair of employees from the local florist had walked in, their arms overflowing with roses.
I'd been expecting them to stop in front of Jasmin.
Instead they'd passed her up and then declined to make a beeline to Cassie either.
When they'd started handing the flowers to me, I'd tried to convince them there'd been some kind of mistake.
The sound of 'One Day More' playing on the cell phone nestled in the closest bouquet had been what finally convinced me it was all meant for me.
Brandon's voice had been like silk caressing my face when I'd answered the phone.
One minute I was minding my own business trying to pretend like I didn't notice the nasty looks some of Brandon's friends were shooting my way when they thought I wasn't looking, the next I was going to the biggest dance of the year with the most popular guy in school.
I'd half thought Cassie was going to rip out my throat.
I walked past a pair of gorgeous, gold-fringed drapes, handed my ticket to a distinguished-looking man in a uniform, and then smiled as he pointed me towards my door.
It was almost a relief to be around strangers again.
He'd been polite, but hadn't tried to fawn over me.
My being asked out had changed my treatment from almost every girl at school.
Half the student body, the more sensible portion it seemed, had all decided that I was some kind of massively stuck-up slut.
The other half had decided they needed to be my new best friend if they wanted to get invited to any of the cool parties ever again.
It might not have bothered me except the girls who now hated me were the ones I generally would've gotten along with, at least as much as I ever got along with anyone.
My leaving Brandon's insane bouquet of flowers at the office instead of lugging it around all day should have helped.
Apparently they all either thought it was a ploy, or were just too stupid to get the message that I didn't want to jump on the popularity bandwagon.
Whatever the reason, I'd gotten three invitations to assorted parties or other activities before school ended.
I even got another two as I hobbled back from the office with my roses, which had decreased during their stay there by exactly the number of office ladies.
I'd politely declined each invitation, citing my need to catch up in Biology and Spanish, and made it to tutoring without further mishap.
Another usher, this one thankfully no more fawning than the first, pointed me towards my seat, and I felt my second surge of disappointment for the night.
My seat was on the main level, but it was only three rows from the very top, and all the way off to one side.
I guess it really wasn't that surprising.
If the school was paying for the tickets I should just be glad I hadn't been stuck with a standing room only spot.
Still, as disappointing as it was that the performers were only barely going to be visible, it wasn't as bad as the nagging worry that Rachel wasn't coming after all.
We'd spent almost every second together talking about how much fun we were going to have seeing Les Misérables together.
She'd even still been excited about the bus ride.
Given everything she'd said, I'd anxiously waited for her to show up at the departure point.
It'd seemed impossible, but as Mrs. Alexander had gently herded me onto the bus, there'd still been no sign of her.
"Maybe she's driving instead of taking the bus down.
I seem to remember someone saying her brother had purchased a ticket.
He isn't here, so possibly they're going down together."
It'd been a fairly slender thread upon which to hang my hopes.
Somehow my dream of seeing Les Misérables had morphed into a dream of seeing Les Misérables with Rachel.
We still didn't get to spend much time together, but she was rapidly becoming the only person I could confide in besides Brandon.
A boyfriend, or near-boyfriend, was nice, but some things just needed to be shared with another female.
I couldn't tell my mom about my feelings for Brandon or she'd absolutely freak.
After spending so much time lying to her about the origin of the almost four dozen roses, I couldn't afford any kind of slip in that regard.
She'd thought the single rose, Lagrimas del Angel, as I was calling it now, had been sweet and thoughtful, especially when I'd told her it was from an anonymous admirer.
The other roses had been an entirely different matter.
I'd had to do some pretty quick talking to convince her I didn't know who they were from either.
All of which meant I still hadn't told her I'd been asked to the Ashure Day Dance.
Luckily, Rachel was the perfect listener, even if she did cringe a little every time I mentioned Brandon.
All the things I would've told my mom had instead been shared with Rachel.
Best of all, there'd been absolutely no hint that she'd blabbed to anyone else.
I settled deeper into my seat, opening my program as the orchestra started warming up.
It was amazing to think the near-chaos currently drifting up from the pit would transform itself into the glorious strains of the Overture in just a few minutes.
I was so intent on the program it should've taken a small explosion to bring my head around, but something caused me to look up as Alec walked past the drapes.
He looked even more gorgeous than normal.
I'd gone back and forth, both with myself, and with Rachel, on how much to dress up.
Going in normal street clothes would've cheapened the experience, but I hadn't wanted to stick out too much from the rest of the kids, all of whom I'd been pretty sure would be in shorts and polos.
I'd been right, which had made me glad I'd compromised and come in my one and only sun dress.
Alec apparently hadn't gotten the memo.
He was in an honest-to-goodness full tux.
I wasn't the only one stunned by how good he looked; there was a ripple of turned heads as people noticed his entrance.
He paced the short distance down to the back row of seats with such incredible grace that I felt my mouth go dry.
No one person should be so attractive, not when there wasn't enough of him to go around to every single woman in the world.
For a few seconds I forgot all about the reasons I didn't like him, and just wished he was sitting in front of me instead of two rows behind me where I couldn't see him.
Then I realized what his arrival really meant.
Rachel had stood me up.
She wasn't on the bus, and she apparently hadn't come with her brother, so she wasn't coming.
I knew I should reserve judgment until I'd given her a chance to explain what'd happened, but it was hard to remember that when faced with Alec's air of superiority.
Rachel was nicer, but she was still a Graves.
Maybe this was just a sign of things to come.
Apparently I wasn't the only one put off by Alec's snobbishness.
A couple of guys who looked like they were old enough to be in college were rolling their eyes at him.
They were whispering and laughing, but positioned as they were closer to Alec than to me, I couldn't make out any of what they were saying.
While I agreed completely with their sentiment, they were so loud they were disturbing at least twenty or thirty people.
Hopefully they'd quiet down once the actual show started up.
Judging by the orchestra, it was almost time.
I looked back, intending to shoot the obnoxious pair a nasty glare in the hopes it would shut them up, and instead caught Alec's eye.
The house lights were still bright enough for me to make out every detail of his perfect face, and yet I was still baffled by his expression.
He'd obviously been staring at me, was still staring at me actually, but it wasn't a leer.
It was something else, it made me want to blush, or maybe smile and toss my hair.
Whatever it was, it left my skin feeling warmer than usual, and more than a little tight.
Even after I looked away with a flush of embarrassment, I still felt like I could feel his eyes watching me.
I could feel his presence behind and to the left of me, like a gentle tingle of electricity I could've pointed to even with my eyes closed.
I resisted the urge to look back again as the lights dimmed and the orchestra began the opening strains of the first number.
The actor playing Jean Valjean strode out onto the stage, and even weighed down by chains, he still commanded everyone's attention as though he was a member of the nobility.
Each successive character somehow managed to latch onto my heart as they arrived.
Despite the nagging sensation that I could feel Alec behind me, the first few minutes of the play exceeded all my hopes.
That all changed when they started 'Lovely Ladies'.
It was my absolute least favorite song on the whole soundtrack.
Frankly the whole play would've been better if they'd just left it off.
Still, sitting through a song about 'ladies of the night' as my mom still called them, had seemed like a small price to pay for getting to listen to the rest of the play.
By the middle of the song both of the oversexed boys behind me were whispering catcalls.
I felt my ears going red.
I wanted nothing more than to sink down into my seat and try to ignore them, but once guys got started on something like that, they never stopped.
Some of the people around me were starting to evidence signs of annoyance, but that just spurred the hecklers on to greater heights.
I was so worried they were going to ruin everyone's experience, that I turned around and shot them a dirty look.
"Oh, sweetie, don't you worry, we've been aching to get our hands on you all night.
We're saving plenty of loving for you later.
Meet us out back after this crap is over and we'll give you a real show."
My mouth dropped open in shock.
Nothing was going to get them to shut up now, not when they had such a perfect target.
Sitting there staring at them was about the worst of all the choices open to me, but I was too shocked to pull my eyes away.
I felt a surge of heat rush through me as the room wavered slightly.
For a second I worried I was going to pass out, but movement behind the two punks distracted me from my heaving internal landscape.
There was just enough light for me to see Alec lean forward and put a hand on each troublemaker's shoulder.
There was an abortive movement by the two loudmouths, as they tried to spin around and confront him.
Granted, the lighting was less than ideal, but it didn't look like Alec was holding onto them very hard.
Still, neither of them made it more than a quarter of the way around before being slammed back down into their chairs.
The tingly heat that'd convinced me Alec was staring at me earlier was back, and even more intense.
I felt the tiny hairs on my neck stand up as the feeling redoubled yet again.
The darker, more vocal of the two opened his mouth and got the first part of a swear word out before ending in a hiss of pain that was almost completely drowned out by a crescendo from the orchestra pit.
Alec leaned forward, whispered something in each of their ears, and then finally let both of them go.
I expected them to turn around swinging, or at least swear at him.
I didn't expect them to remain in their seats stunned and shaking like trauma victims.
An usher finally arrived to see what all of the commotion was about.
The older boys shook themselves and then looked for a second like they were going to try and get Alec kicked out of the theater.
The sense of being caught in some kind of electric sandstorm momentarily intensified, and then faded away as they got up and left.
I felt my mouth drop open again as they scurried out of the theater without once looking back.
Alec, who I'd always figured had the depth of an old-style Mickey Mouse cartoon, had just faced down two older boys, and singlehandedly saved my Les Misérables experience.
Valjean launched into 'Who am I?
', and almost against my will I was pulled back around to where I could see the stage.
Even as enthralled as I was by the music, I made a mental note to thank Alec after the performance.
For once I wasn't going to try and get the best of him verbally, I was just going to walk up and thank him.
The sense of being able to feel Alec behind me didn't diminish during the course of the play, if anything it gradually increased almost to the levels it'd been during the face-off with the college boys.
Now though, it felt more reassuring than threatening.
The rest of Les Misérables was even better than I'd hoped.
Minutes and seconds went by faster than at any other time in my life.
As the curtain finally came down, I brushed away the traces of tears that'd appeared on my face during the performance, and turned in my seat as the lights came up.
Alec was gone.
The drapes were swaying gently as if they'd been brushed by someone moving quickly, but other than that there was no trace of him.
It wasn't until I'd filed out into the grand foyer, eager to spend a few minutes taking in the gorgeous bronze statues liberally scattered throughout the room, that I realized why I felt so odd.
Part of the difference was the normal sensation of having vicariously been part of something larger than life.
My head knew all I'd done was sit motionless while performers portrayed a fictional story.
The rest of me felt as though I had just risked life and limb, seen people I loved killed, and played a small but tangible part in altering the course of history.
Returning to my mundane, ever so boring life was an incredible letdown, but that didn't explain the hollow sensation that'd lodged itself somewhere between my heart and stomach.
Illogical as it sounded, the only explanation for feeling as though a part of me had been ripped out and lost was Alec's having disappeared sometime between the last note and the final bow.
It was unsettling.
Even my growing feelings for Brandon didn't hint at that kind of need.
It was a pale shadow of what it felt like to lose a family member, but it was made up of too many of the same elements.
One of the chaperons, an over-bleached woman who looked like she was struggling to deny her last eight or nine birthdays, had to call my name at least twice to shake me out of my funk.
I followed everyone else out to the bus, but there wasn't any refuge there.
I was just too different from everyone else.
Hour after hour passed in silent misery, until finally the rest of the kids wore themselves out and it quieted down enough for me to lapse into a fitful sleep.
I was smack-dab in the middle of a dream about Rachel and Britney when everything changed.
Ever so slowly, the normal dreamscape took on a sharp-edged glow, and then morphed into the breathtaking colors that'd wormed their way even deeper into my heart than I'd realized.
I didn't recognize my surroundings, but they were different than any of the places I'd been before.
The new scents whipping past me on the breeze were sign enough even if I hadn't been able to detect the subtle differences in the light emanating off of the foliage paving the trail I was walking along.
For the length of the dream I lost myself in the wonder of experiencing the world in all of its amazing depth.
Still, even the pure delight in my surroundings wasn't enough to mute the feeling something was missing.
Chapter 19 It seemed like the old karmic scale was still going strong and trying very hard to make up for how great Les Misérables had been.
We finally arrived in town after way too many hours of driving and then I had to wait for Mom to come pick me up.
The last chaperon had been about five minutes from throwing in the towel and just taking me home herself by the time Mom finally pulled into the school parking lot.
Mom hadn't even apologized.
She'd mumbled something about needing to hit one of her 'close' sites while the moon was still high in the sky as she dropped me off at home and then drove off without looking back.
I'd just managed to drop off into a fitful sleep when she came back home and ruined any chance of me catching up on the sleep I'd missed because of the trip.
I'd never been able to go back to sleep after being woken up in the morning, but I tried anyways.
By the time I finally gave up and got out of bed I was not a happy camper.
I was even less so by the time Mom finally woke up.
Rachel not having been at Les Misérables had been preying on my mind the whole time I'd been studying, and since Brandon wouldn't work for girl talk, I needed to hash it all out with my mom.
Only she was so far gone, getting anything out of her was all but impossible.
She interrupted partway through my description of what'd happened to ask if I'd noticed when the light outside my bedroom had stopped working.
As if I cared when some stupid bulb burned out.
I tried for another fifteen minutes, but once her mind started focusing on a new project, anything less than the domestic version of a tactical nuke had effectively zero chance of catching her attention.
Apparently someone decided that having my mom completely ignore me in my moment of need was going a little too far on the divine retribution.
In an effort to try and balance things out the dream angels granted me another vivid dream on Sunday night.
It was wonderful.
I got to swim around in the most glorious pond known to man.
I was somehow faster than normal, and spent what seemed like hours chasing around slivers of light that turned out to be some kind of long, thin fish.
For perhaps the first time in my entire life I didn't mind at all that I'd ended up in a swimsuit so small I might as well have been wearing nothing at all.
In fact, the feel of the warm water sliding past my skin was so incredible I almost considered skinny dipping.
Of course that'd only lasted for about a nanosecond.
Even in a dream, there were things that were just too scary to really entertain.
The dream lasted longer than any of the others before it, but even so it eventually lapsed into a normal, boring dream.
Still, I woke up feeling more refreshed and rested than any other time I could remember.
Even more amazing, the feeling was strong enough to carry me through Biology and Mrs. Sorenson's relentless grilling.
I did better than expected, but still not as well as I'd hoped.
Not considering how much time I'd spent studying.
It was like she knew exactly which parts I didn't understand completely, and after letting me start to get a little bit of false confidence, she'd hammer me down again.
Talk about depressing.
Still, I was feeling well-prepared for my English test tomorrow and Algebra flew by.
By my latest calculations I was only about two weeks from being all caught up.
Lunch was interesting.
I was still the odd man out, but it was amusing watching Vincent preen.
I never did figure out what it was he'd done, but apparently it had him thinking he was even more of a stud than normal.
Whatever it was, it had Brandon pissed, which was a refreshing change.
If he had to be friends with some of these people out of responsibility, that was one thing, but letting them continue to be jerks was taking it too far.
Nobody was more surprised than me when Brandon pushed back from the table, scanned the room, and then pulled me to my feet.
We spent the rest of lunch pacing around the outside of the school while he worked through whatever was bothering him.
When the warning bell finally rang, he turned and looked at me with a considering smile.
We stood like that for a good thirty seconds before he reached a single finger up and traced the left side of my face as he leaned in slightly.
It was simultaneously the scariest and most exciting thing I'd ever experienced.
Even as I leaned in a little bit myself, my thundering heart seemed to be trying to leap out of my throat solely for the purpose of disrupting what looked very much like it was going to be my first kiss.
Every tiny hair on my body stood up in a shiver of nervousness as he tilted his head to the side, and then he broke off, shaking himself slightly as he gave me a smile.
For a second I thought he was rejecting me, that he'd decided not to kiss me because he wasn't interested.
Only the way he reached out for my hand indicated that he really wasn't repulsed by me.
It bothered me the entire time I was in History, and then just before I got to Physics it hit me.
He hadn't stopped because he didn't want to kiss me.
He stopped because with all of my blushing and near-terror it'd been obvious I wasn't ready to be kissed.
It was the ultimate act of chivalry.
I more or less floated through my last two classes.
It wasn't until I finally got to tutoring that I started to put more stock in the idea that Rachel had simply chosen not to go to Les Misérables.
She looked up, and then away guiltily as I walked in.
There wasn't a trace of smile or greeting on her face, an abnormality that hit me hard somewhere in the region of my stomach.
Albert stopped by to say hi, and I used his presence as a distraction.
"It sounds like you're almost caught up."
"Yeah, finally.
I've got another two weeks or so, but then I'll be all done with this whole triple math homework garbage."
Albert smiled, and for the first time I noticed how genuine his expressions were.
It was almost like he was a different person when he wasn't concentrating on explaining some particularly stubborn math problem to one of the slower students.
You know, the ones who still didn't understand why anyone needed to know their multiplication tables.
"And here I had such high hopes for you becoming a true math geek.
Granted, you've shown pretty mediocre progress so far.
I don't think I've once seen you skip a meal just so you could graph out some new function.
Also you've evidenced no inclination to check out old textbooks from the library in an effort to edge out your competition at the next math bowl.
Still, I had hoped.
I mean being a tutor and all, it seemed like a given."
I stuck out my tongue.
"Please, like you really do any of those things.
I in fact happen to know that you're in a band that performs occasionally down in Vegas, so don't go trying to pull a fast one on me."
Albert looked genuinely startled, but recovered quickly.
"Hey there, idle, profoundly-untrue comments dropped by Mrs. Campbell in passing conversation don't count.
I'm absolutely not a member of Fatal Angst."
"Yes, you are, at least you are until I either decide to dispose of your body, or let your little secret out of the bag because you're not doing your job."
I hadn't heard Mrs. Campbell approach from behind me, and for a second worried she was really angry, but the way Albert chuckled as he cringed in mock fear alleviated my concerns.
Albert pushed his glasses a little ways back up his nose, and then wandered off to help the next person with a red card face up on their desk.
The number of people who proceeded to come into the tutoring lab was nothing less than amazing.
Based on overheard conversations, it sounded like there was a perfect storm of tests.
Both of the other math teachers were apparently having tests in every single one of their classes, and Mrs. Campbell was having tests in a couple of hers as well.
The resulting number of questions kept us all jumping.
I started work half an hour early, and Albert, Peter and Mrs. Campbell all stayed an extra forty-five minutes.
I was helping out an undersized freshman who was having a really hard time understanding the fundamental concepts of the unit she was going to be tested over tomorrow when Mrs. Campbell stopped by.
"We're all done.
Wait until the end of your normal shift, and then go home.
If anyone complains feel free to suggest that they don't leave it until the last minute next time."
There was plenty of grumbling when I announced that the lab was over, but nobody actually said anything.
Rachel was waiting for me at the door as everyone else filed out.
She looked up guiltily as I made my way over to her.
"Did you have a good day?
I haven't seen that many people here ever."
If there was one thing that'd always pissed me off, it was people who refused to own up to their mistakes.
In my mind not being where you said you were going to be, especially after being so jazzed about it previously, fit into that category.
Rachel wasn't making a good start.
"Why don't we cut to the chase, Rachel?
You didn't go to Les Misérables.
We spent more than a week planning what we were going to do on the way up and the way back, and you didn't bother to show up."
Rachel's mouth opened and closed a few times.
She looked around, but we weren't the only two people in the room.
James was barely visible pacing up and down the far end of the hall, so there wasn't any help there either.
"I'm sorry, I really wanted to go.
More than anything, but I couldn't."
"That's it?
You aren't going to give any kind of real reason?
I guess I should at least be glad you aren't going to lie to me.
Unless you really didn't ever want to go, and were lying to me all along."
Rachel shrank in on herself a little.
It almost looked like she was going to cry, which should have made me feel bad, but I was too mad to care.
I'd been miserable the whole way there, and especially the whole way back, and then she wanted to just pretend like none of it had happened.
Rachel's lip trembled slightly as she finally managed to get a response out.
"This isn't like you.
Why are you doing this?"
Cindi used to do the exact same thing.
Her 'woe is me, I don't understand what is happening act' had usually worked with Dad, and it'd always infuriated me.
It had much the same effect now.
"This isn't like me?
To stand up for myself when I find out who my real friends are?
Please, you don't even know me, and apparently I don't know you."
Rachel shook her head in denial.
"No, this isn't you.
Is Brandon putting you up to this?
He isn't what you think, you really shouldn't trust him."
Now she'd gone too far.
"Brandon didn't put me up to anything.
Unlike you, I can actually think for myself.
I don't know what kind of sick hold Alec has over you, but until you do something about it, you'll never have any real friends.
He won't ever let you have one."
She wiped away a pair of tears before they could escape from the corner of her eyes.
"You don't know what you're talking about, Adri.
You really can't trust Brandon.
He's not safe."
"Whatever.
Like your brother is any better."
I turned and went out through the exterior door.
I was all the way out to the parking lot before I realized that I didn't have a way home.
I was still trying to figure out what to do, when I heard the deep roar of a high-performance engine.
Brandon was clear over at the other end of the parking lot, but somehow he saw me and flipped his car around.
"You're looking just a little stranded."
"That obvious?"
His smile was just as radiant and reassuring as always.
"Only to someone who happens to know your entire schedule, and who just saw what looked like Rachel and James leave without you."
It was my turn to try and hide a trembling lip as I responded.
"Rachel and I had a fight."
Brandon turned his stereo down and motioned me around to the passenger seat.
"You okay?"
I managed a smile.
"Yeah, I'll be okay.
It was just a really bad fight.
I've never said those kinds of things to anyone.
I don't think there's any going back.
She has to hate me."
Brandon shook his head and flashed another of his winning smiles, albeit one with an overtone of sympathy.
"I'm sure it isn't as bad as that."
I wanted to disagree, to go into detail about why my life had just taken a turn for the worse, but something about his manner was suddenly distant.
I thought about calling him out on it, but with my life suddenly looking like I was all but friendless, that didn't seem like such a good idea.
Without really meaning to I'd managed to alienate just about everyone at school.
Brandon already had plenty of reasons not to be with me, it was the height of stupidity to give him any more.
I could probably deal with not having a boyfriend, even assuming that was what we were right now.
Going half a year without anyone to talk to because my mom was wrapped up with her art and everyone else in the town thought I was stuck-up would be more than I could take.
The thought was enough to leave me speechless for the entire drive home.
Brandon seemed content to leave me alone with my thoughts as he sped around the various turns at speeds that normally would've made me protest.
As I went to leave the car, he grabbed me by my back pocket, which nearly made me shriek in surprise.
"Hey, you know what you need to put all this in perspective?"
"No, but then I think it's more than just a matter of my perspective being off."
My fear of alienating him had almost vanished in the rush of indignation over how he'd grabbed me.
I wanted to say something even more snarky, but there was just enough worry left to curb my tongue.
Mostly.
"You need to come to the party Friday night."
"You mean the monthly kegger?"
Brandon shook his head, still flashing the grin that made it almost impossible to remain mad at him.
"No, the monthly full moon 'kegger' happened last weekend.
This is just a party to blow off some steam.
We have them sometimes to celebrate things."
"Like what?"
Brandon shook his head as he pulled me back down into my seat.
"Nope, if you want to find out, you'll have to come to it with me."
"You know, I don't usually leave conversations midway through.
You really can let go of me."
"Maybe, but I'm enjoying holding onto you."
I forcefully removed his hand as I shook my head.
"Boys.
You're all the same.
Okay.
Assuming my mom takes off for the night, I'll go, but only on the condition that you behave."
I managed to make it to the door without my knees knocking together, but it was a close thing.
I'd been scared sick when he'd been about to kiss me, but it had at least been something I'd been dreaming about off and on for years.
I wasn't sure I was ready for the other things he was starting to imply.
Chapter 20 There were a couple of times between Monday and the end of the week where I didn't think I was going to survive having to worry about whether or not I'd be able to sneak out to Brandon's party.
My dreams had taken a decidedly odd turn.
I'd had the lucid, vivid dreams every single night, but my guilty conscience seemed to be working overtime.
At least that was all I could assume.
I woke up flustered, with vague memories of Alec.
My best guess was that I was trying to defend myself after having argued with his little sister.
If I was going to waste my time in the vivid dreams, it would've made more sense to spend them trying to explain my side of what'd happened to Rachel, but apparently I wasn't normal enough for that.
I'd been all set to swallow my pride and thank Alec for shutting up the two kids sitting behind me.
Only that'd been before the ride home all by myself on the bus while he sped home in his little luxury car.
Maybe I'd still have apologized to him if he'd been in school on Monday.
Instead, he'd skipped the entire first half of the week, and by the time I did finally see him, I'd backed myself so far into a corner, I couldn't even meet his eyes during class.
Somehow I'd managed to make it through day after day of isolation.
Brandon's friends continued to more or less ignore me, the boys without the trace of spite that I picked up from most of the girls.
Britney started another rumor sometime about the middle of the week.
Apparently I was now some kind of closet drug addict who was hoping to get Brandon to fund my habit.
Rachel hadn't been back to tutoring since we'd argued, and I was picking up an increasing number of hostile looks from people I didn't even know.
Some of them were recognizable as Alec's friends, but most of them were just nameless nerds who apparently had a soft spot for Rachel, or a towering hatred for Brandon's friends.
"Adriana Paige.
Have you heard a word I was saying?"
I looked up and blinked a couple of times.
"Sorry Mom, I was thinking about school."
"I swear, you've become more absentminded lately than ever before.
As much time as you spend studying and thinking about your classes, I'm surprised they haven't decided to graduate you a year early."
I shrugged uncomfortably.
Since Mom hadn't been interested in the things I could safely tell her without getting grounded, school had become a standard excuse for why I was so distracted.
"Speaking of which, when do they send out mid-term reports?"
"I think they do them twice here.
We missed the first batch, and the second isn't until later."
I still didn't particularly like lying, but seemed to be doing it more and more often.
"Anyways, I was just apologizing for leaving you home alone on a weekend again.
I ran into another trio of hikers, and they told me about a new vantage point for that crooked-looking mountain I keep telling you about.
It's on the far side, so I'm going to hike as far in as I can while it's still light today so I can make it there tomorrow with plenty of time before sunset.
I don't want to make the hike again, so I'll probably spend all of Sunday shooting, and then hike back on Monday."
Mom paused in her preparations to put her hand on my forehead.
"You're not coming down with anything, are you?
You've been so listless lately.
Do you need me to stay home with you?"
There it was, the perfect opportunity to get her to stay home with me.
It would get me out of having to spend time with Brandon's increasingly annoying friends, which was what I currently wanted more than almost anything else in the world.
Unfortunately I wanted to spend time with Brandon even more than I wanted to avoid his friends, so there wasn't really a choice.
"I'm fine, Mom.
Just feeling a little run down.
I'll spend the whole weekend lying around reading and studying.
That should fix me right up."
I gave Mom a wan smile, exactly the kind I used when I was really sick, and helped her finish packing.
I wasn't sure whether I helped because I was feeling guilty, or because I was worried Brandon would show up before she'd left.
Maybe I was just hoping to kill two birds with one stone.
It wasn't until she was finally in the Jeep and backing down our lane that I finally stopped worrying that Brandon was going to pop around the corner.
He'd been smugly confident he wouldn't show up before she was gone, but had refused to tell me how he planned on pulling up at my house five minutes after the coast was clear.
Half of me was strongly tempted to dawdle for fifteen or twenty minutes, but with my luck he'd really manage to show up within the next few minutes, and I'd have to scramble to get ready while he waited for me.
With a sigh I ran up to the bathroom, brushed my teeth, gave my hair the once-over, and grabbed a light jacket as I left my room.
It wasn't even remotely as cold here as I would be at home by this late in the year, but the oppressive heat had finally started to wane a little.
Knowing my luck, if I left it home tonight would be the first time it snowed in Sanctuary in the last two centuries.
More and more excited about the prospect of going to my first real party, I bounced down the stairs and into the kitchen for a drink.
I happened to look out the window as I pulled a glass out of the cupboard, and nearly dropped it when I saw Brandon leaning against his car, patiently waiting for me.
Before I could move out of sight, he looked up at me with a self-satisfied smile.
I nearly dropped the glass again.
Twenty seconds later I was headed out the door.
"How did you do that?
There was no way you could possibly have timed things that close."
Another smirk as he held my door open for me.
"I told you.
Great instincts resulting from superior breeding."
"Fine, don't tell me.
I didn't really want to know anyway."
Brandon chuckled as he threw the Mustang into reverse and sped out of the lane faster than normal.
The stereo clicked over to another song as we flipped around and headed back into town.
It was more of the thrumming beats I'd come to associate with Brandon.
"I thought this place was in one of the parks or something.
Why are we headed back to town?"
"Wow, you really are a city girl.
In order to get far enough not to be busted by the cops we have to go really remote.
There isn't any way my car would make it where we need to go.
We're headed to Vincent's to hitch a ride in his truck."
'Truck' turned out to be an understatement.
I'd marveled more than once since getting to Utah, at just how big some of the pickup trucks I saw driving around were.
It seemed like nobody was willing to drive anything around the way it came off of the showroom floor.
Everything had bigger wheels, and suspension that lifted it up several inches.
Vincent's truck had more in common with the beasts in monster truck rallies than it did with the souped-up vehicles I'd seen driving around town.
The tires were the biggest I'd seen on anything outside of a tractor, and the lift kit on it was so outrageously tall that I was pretty sure someone was going to have to lift me into the cab.
By myself it was going to take a rope and climbing shoes.
Of course it was black.
I couldn't imagine Vincent in anything other than a black vehicle.
Predictably, Vincent was rubbing down his vehicle, but the exercise seemed more targeted to giving him a chance to walk around with his shirt off than it did with cleaning up the already immaculate truck.
Based on the way the cheerleader types by the garage were watching him, it was working.
I much preferred Brandon's jeans and tee shirt, tight as it was, over the shorts and shirtless look, but apparently I was in the minority.
I almost hyperventilated when Vincent casually walked out of the house with a pair of beer kegs and tied them down in the bed of his pickup.
His house was more on the fringes of town, but it was still in town.
What if his parents came home and saw them?
For that matter, where had he been hiding them?
It wasn't even remotely possible that all of the people who were going to be at the party were old enough to drink without getting arrested.
Brandon looked at my white knuckles and laughed.
"Don't worry, nobody's going to make you drink, and we've never been busted by the cops.
We'll have you safely back home sometime early tomorrow morning, and your mom will never have the slightest idea you went to such a wild gathering."
As far as reassurance went, it was a pretty lame attempt, but somehow it didn't sound so feeble when it was Brandon saying it.
I calmed down enough to marvel at the amount of other baggage Vincent dragged out of the house, and then any chance I might have had to back out vanished as Brandon picked me up and deposited me on the tailgate of Vincent's truck.
"Riding in the back, isn't that illegal?"
The high-maintenance blonde Vincent was helping up next to me rolled her eyes.
"Please."
Brandon helped a couple of late arrivals into the pickup, and then closed the tailgate.
I half thought he was going to ride up front in the crowded cab, but he instead cleared the sides of the truck in a jump that was almost inhumanly graceful.
He crowded in, close enough I could feel my skin start to tingle with anticipation, and then Vincent started the engine and we were off.
In what was probably the only display of maturity and common sense I'd ever seen out of Vincent, he didn't tear off down the freeway at eighty miles per hour.
He was still going plenty fast, but at least the wind wasn't deafening.
After a few minutes of white-knuckled fear, I was finally able to relax a little, and enjoy the feeling of having Brandon so close while the wind tossed my hair back and forth.
The other girls were studiously ignoring me while they gossiped back and forth about everyone from underclassmen to teachers and other adults in the town.
I didn't want to join in the gossip, and Brandon was sprawled out on the pickup bed with his eyes closed.
I settled for contemplating the glorious sunset's myriad colors.
We passed some kind of border into one of the parks.
Vincent slowed down a little more as I was busy taking in the incredible pinks and purples that were dominating the western sky.
It was like someone had splashed glowing paint across a window and then gone back and painted in picture-perfect clouds to complete the scene.
I'd seen plenty of amazing sunsets back home, but there was something about the rugged, almost hostile, skyline here that gave this one a spectacular level of depth.
Maybe Mom was right about the west after all.
Sure, it was hotter than Satan's kitchen, and a dermatologist's worst nightmare, but the skylines were amazing.
Brandon opened his eyes as I let out a sigh of contentment.
"Bored already?
We're only halfway there."
As I opened my mouth to respond, Vincent turned off the road onto a trail that hardly looked wide enough for a Geo Metro let alone his monster truck.
I let out a yelp as we dropped down a small hill and then started climbing up the other side of the gully with a small bounce.
Brandon chuckled at me, but shifted position enough to brace himself against the two beer kegs, and then reached out and wrapped an arm around me.
A couple of the girls who'd been looking especially condescending over my surprise as we'd gone off-road were now obviously disappointed.
They were probably wishing it was them instead of me cradled against Brandon's yummy chest.
I tried not to radiate too much contentment, but rather suspected I failed.
Vincent wasn't really driving any faster than before, but the fact that we were going up and down slopes I wouldn't have thought could be driven made his current speed reckless.
Even with Brandon's arm stopping me from flying out of the pickup, I still had a couple of moments where my heart shot up to the top of my throat.
He of course remained frustratingly calm, even when we hit a bump with enough force to nearly send everyone flying out of the bed.
The other girls were trying hard to appear nonplussed.
They were probably even fooling the boys, but they weren't enjoying themselves.
I was nearly sick by the time the track we were following leveled out, but there was just enough light left for me to enjoy the last of the sunset as we finished up the last ten minutes of the drive.
As the final glimmers of color faded away into twilight, Vincent pulled his truck over in a spray of dust, and we were there.
I'd been expecting a lot of people.
Even I knew you couldn't finish off two kegs of beer with eight or nine people, but this was crazy.
There were already at least thirty people here, and based on the clouds of dust I could now see coming from where we'd just been, there were more people still on their way.
Brandon nimbly jumped out of the truck bed, and then helped me down to the ground as Vincent came back and manhandled one of the kegs to the edge of the tailgate and tapped it.
My first kegger had just officially started.
Cassie showed up in a white pickup a few minutes after the beer started flowing, and popped the panel covering the bed, revealing an astounding row of speakers that promptly started spewing an aggressive mix of drums, guitars and synthesized notes that made Brandon's usual mixes sound like Christmas carols.
In short order there was a roaring fire going, despite the fact it wasn't really cold yet, and people started congregating in groups to talk or dance depending on their preference.
Brandon seemed to be one of the former.
Dragging along behind him as he slowly worked his way through a third of the school was extremely boring.
I honestly couldn't think of a less entertaining way to spend an evening, but I wasn't ready to join the dancers.
Most of them seemed to be rapidly losing key items of clothing, and all of them were dancing so close it was hard to tell where one person ended and the other began.
As Brandon handed me another cup of beer, which I started slowly pouring out on the ground as soon as his back was turned, the loneliness really started to hit me.
It would be bearable if I had a friend other than Brandon.
It might even be fun to sit back and laugh at some of the antics making an appearance as people got more and more wasted.
Instead I was stone cold sober, and the next best thing to completely friendless.
About the time Vincent tapped the second keg, Brandon looked over at me and flashed a thoughtful smile.
I would've said nothing could've made up for the last two hours, but it came remarkably close.
"I'm sorry, this isn't any fun for you, is it?"
My listless shrug earned me a chuckle.
"Well then, let's change stuff up a little.
Care to dance?"
I almost said no, but as he pulled me in towards him, I suddenly realized just how badly I wanted to touch his incredibly hard chest and shoulders.
Being wrapped in his arms was so pleasant that I didn't even protest when he pulled me in closer.
My whole body tingled where it touched him, and his cologne, so faint as to be almost imperceptible, was like nothing I'd ever smelled.
Almost against my will I found myself pressing up against him so I could drink in the scent.
The music was still way too loud, everyone around us was still ridiculously drunk, but suddenly I couldn't care less.
Someone tried to come up and talk to Brandon as the next song started, but he waved them off, not even pulling his eyes away from mine.
I'd thought my heart couldn't race any faster than it already was, but when he started moving his face down closer to mine, it felt like it was going to tear itself free from my chest.
It was happening.
I'd fantasized about kissing even back when I thought boys had cooties.
I wasn't sure I was any more ready than I'd been out in the parking lot, but I could tell by the way he was moving that he wasn't going to abort this time.
The tingling was even more intense now as I brought my hand up and cupped the side of his face, and then our lips met.
It wasn't like I'd imagined.
His lips were warm, and they had the slightest hint of softness, but there was more urgency and fierceness to the kiss than expected.
It wasn't as amazing as I'd fantasized, but I was still having a hard time thinking.
I tried to pull back and catch my breath, but his arms had become steel cables that pulled me in tighter.
Fear finally overcoming my desire not to look stupid.
I started to push away from Brandon.
My efforts seemed futile for several seconds, and then his right arm released me.
He wasn't letting me go though, his right hand had just repositioned to my stomach while his left arm kept me pinned against him almost as tightly as both hands had just a second before.
It should have been obvious what he had in mind, but it wasn't until his hand was under my shirt and moving upwards that my overloaded mind caught up with events.
I tried to protest, tried harder to push myself away from him, but he just held onto me tighter than even before.
His hand was just millimeters away from its target, and I was starting to see stars from lack of air, before I finally remembered some of the tricks my dad had shown me.
I slammed my heel down on his left foot, and then brought my knee upwards towards his crotch, only to hit nothing but air as he spun me around.
"What the crap are you doing?"
He wasn't even limping.
He seemed more surprised than angry.
"What was I doing?
Maybe trying to convince you to keep your hands to yourself, you think?"
As soon as the words came out I started wishing I hadn't said them.
This was Brandon.
Guys like him didn't just drop out of the sky and decide they were interested in chubby little nerds like me.
Brandon's expression hardened, and I suddenly knew there was no going back.
Maybe it would've been worth it to let him grope me a little, but done was done.
People were starting to gather around us, Brandon's closest friends, the ones he ate lunch with every day, were all standing behind him, while everyone else filled out the circle.
I looked around for some kind of support from the other girls present, but couldn't find even one sympathetic face.
The next thing I knew I was on the ground with my ears ringing and Cassie standing over me.
"...your stupid lies.
If you repeat them you'll be sorry.
Every single person here will vouch for Brandon."
A couple of people flinched a little at that, like they weren't completely comfortable lying, but Cassie stared them down.
Nobody would meet my gaze.
I opened my mouth to protest, and Cassie grabbed me by the front of my jacket and dragged me the better part of twenty feet.
My head was still spinning as she leaned down and hissed into my ear.
"Get out of here.
Don't wait around, don't ask anyone for a ride.
You had your chance and you blew it.
He's mine again, and if you're not out of sight in the next five minutes I'll kill you myself and end this stupid experiment once and for all."
I'd only heard that kind of blatant willingness to kill once before, and just like with Jasmin, I was absolutely convinced Cassie was serious.
I wanted to get up, to do something other than just lie shaking on the rocks, but my mind was like an appliance with stripped gears.
It was spinning but not grabbing onto anything, so nothing was happening.
Cassie picked me up with one hand and gave me a hard shove back towards the road.
I almost fell.
Considering just how rugged the terrain was, it was a good thing I didn't, because I probably would've broken my neck.
It was still a near thing, but once I was moving reflex kept me headed in the right direction.
Tears were flowing freely down my cheeks, and my heart seemed to be missing every second beat, almost like a hole had been torn in it and now it was a battle to continue beating, when it just wanted to quit.
I did fall down when I hit the first slope.
There was just enough moonlight to confirm that the pain in my hands and elbow was the result of having all of the skin abraded away.
I thought I was going to pass out, or maybe throw up, but I couldn't cry any harder than I already was.
Part of me kept expecting Brandon to come running towards me from the direction of the party.
He'd apologize, and explain how he'd wanted to stop Cassie, but he'd been too stunned by what she was doing.
Even the delusional part of my brain that was trying to come up with a way to be rescued couldn't create a plausible scenario from there on.
The look he'd given me at the end hadn't been that kind of shocked gaze.
Cassie's threat was too vivid.
Instead of curling up on the ground where I'd fallen, I pulled myself back up and continued to stumble along in the direction I thought would eventually get me back to the road.
The washed-out landscape mocked me as I realized just how alone I was.
Rachel didn't like me anymore, she'd never forgive me.
I'd managed to alienate everyone from Alec's group, and now Brandon had tossed me aside like so much trash.
It was too much.
I collapsed onto all fours, hardly noticing the burning pain from my damaged palms, and let the racking sobs take over.
I probably would've stayed there all night if not for the howling.
It'd been going for several seconds before it pulled me back from the mental abyss I'd been so eagerly approaching.
I looked around blankly for several more heartbeats before I finally managed to place the noise.
Wolves.
There weren't supposed to be any wolves in the area, but there wasn't any ignoring my ears.
I numbly pulled myself back up, and began stumbling back towards the party, only to stop as another howl echoed down through the canyon.
It was between me and everyone else.
I turned and started into a shuffling run.
Maybe the wolf would be attracted to the noise and light.
Maybe I'd be able to get far enough away it wouldn't smell me.
I'd only been moving for about a minute before another howl sent chills running down my spine.
It sounded like a different wolf, and it was closer than the first one.
I tried to run faster, but all that time studiously avoiding exercise was working against me.
I topped a slight rise and then tripped as the ground wasn't where I expected it to be.
My jacket saved me from picking up any really serious scrapes this time, but just before I finished tumbling to a stop I slammed my head into a crescent-shaped rock.
My vision swam in and out of focus, but I struggled to my feet, only to nearly fall again as my right ankle all but collapsed under me.
They were definitely closer now.
They'd stopped howling, but I could still hear them.
I somehow found myself on my back again, looking up at the biggest wolf I'd ever seen.
TV had given me the impression that a wolf shouldn't be much bigger than a German Shepherd.
These guys were roughly the size of a small pony, one nearly black, the other more of a gray color, both with yellowish eyes, and lips pulled back to show teeth the size of my fingers.
Most of my jeans had been torn away from my right calf, which was bleeding fairly profusely, but I didn't feel any pain.
It was like my mind had finally torn loose from the moorings that usually held it in contact with reality.
I was going to die, ripped to shreds by the same impossible animals that had killed the hikers a few months ago, but I just couldn't bring myself to care.
Nobody would even miss me.
The black wolf was inching towards me now, growling low in its throat.
I could see its haunches tense up, and then it was airborne, hurtling towards me almost faster than I could follow.
Only it didn't hit me.
A patch of night had interposed itself between me and the wolf.
My vision still wasn't up to making out fine details, and everything was moving too quickly to follow.
The growling seemed to be in three parts now, which didn't make any sense because the patch of night was vaguely man-shaped, if impossibly big.
There was a yelp as one of the wolves was tossed into the side of the canyon with enough force that I could feel it from where I was lying.
A shower of sparks lit up the night as the second wolf dodged away from my defender, and then impossibly the first wolf was back and darting in as I heard jaws snap shut on something.
The black shadow staggered back, nearly falling under the combined weight of its two opponents.
A second later another yelp was cut short as one of the wolves fell away to lie motionless on the ground.
My head was throbbing so bad I blacked out for a moment, and missed the end of the fight.
When I opened my eyes back up, the indistinct shadow was moving smoothly towards me.
I opened my mouth to thank him, and then felt as though my world had been pulled out from underneath me.
The shadow went from my savior to a nightmarish being.
It was easily eight feet tall, covered in thick fur, and had bloody claws as long as my hands tipping the ends of its fingers.
My vision was still swimming enough that I almost couldn't believe what I was seeing.
Even so, there was no way to ignore the bloodstained mouth as it got closer.
I had a moment to realize I was still going to die all alone, and then the blackness came for me.
Chapter 21 I woke up expecting to see pale blue eyes burning a hole through me.
Haunting eyes set above terrible fangs.
Instead I found myself lying atop a gigantic bed in a room I didn't recognize.
The sheer shock at still being alive prevented my mind from working very well.
It took several minutes before all of the other relatively inconsequential details started filtering in.
My hands were bandaged, as was my elbow and right calf.
My dirty, ripped jeans and shirt had been replaced with clean clothes that were only a little too small.
That last fact should have alarmed me more than it did.
Somehow being stripped down by a stranger paled in comparison to a near-death hallucination involving wolves and a monster straight out of a science fiction movie.
The bedroom was possibly the nicest room I'd ever been in.
A movie star or millionaire would have had a hard time topping this place for sheer decadence.
The walls were paneled in some kind of rare, doubtless expensive imported hardwood.
The bookcases that covered the majority of the wall space seemed to be made out of the same kind of wood, and were filled with more books than I'd seen in the local bookstore the one time I'd convinced Britney to stop by on our way home after school.
They were all hardbound, with leather bindings and engraved covers.
There was a stereo system off in one corner, hooked up to a laptop and some kind of portable music player.
I had to look around the room twice before I finally spotted the speakers to the system.
They were built into the walls and ceiling, and based on their number and varying sizes I had a sneaking suspicion they'd produce nearly as much volume as the monsters professional DJs brought to dances.
Based on the amount of money involved in setting up such a system in the first place, they probably cranked all that out without even the slightest hint of distortion.
As impressive as the stereo no doubt was, it was all of those shelves filled with books that finally pulled me off of the bed and onto the incredibly lush, maroon carpet.
Emerson, Ayn Rand, Shakespeare, and Tolstoy were all present.
Whoever lived here was either incredibly well read, or a complete poser who bought books just for show.
Almost scared to find out which it was, I reached over and pulled out the copy of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, and opened it up to find a well-cared-for book that'd still obviously been read several times.
I carefully slid the book back into its spot and then noticed the faintest glimmer of light coming from an open doorway off to my right.
It was an art gallery.
One covered in pictures that were eerily familiar, all with a circular signature at the bottom right hand corner.
They were mostly of mundane kinds of things, landscapes, or people, but there were overtones that caressed a hidden chord inside my soul.
Everything was done in drab, painfully boring colors, overlaid with incredibly vibrant, hues that were almost unreal in their perfection.
It wasn't until I'd moved around a corner and entered what looked like a new phase for the painter that I figured out why the paintings looked so familiar despite the fact that I'd never seen any of the places or people depicted.
The realization hit with such force that it distracted me from the familiarity of the signature.
The new pieces were all breathtaking.
The drab colors were gone, leaving scenes made up of multi-hued strands of light.
It was like waking up and having someone tell you they'd been reading your mind.
The pieces weren't of specific places or events from my dreams, but they were an exact match for how they'd looked and felt.
I felt my hands start to shake.
It was like I'd had too much forced on me too quickly.
I wanted to just collapse and let unconsciousness overcome me, but something pulled me onward towards the next series of pictures, and then the next after that.
I wanted to stop.
Each piece opened up another fragment of my soul, revealing a new pain that I'd kept hidden for the last few months.
The last picture was next to a door, which I opened almost without realizing I was doing so.
The organized confusion of a true artist met my gaze.
I'd seen it with my mom, when she was so driven to complete a shot that she couldn't be bothered to clean up after herself.
She left just enough structure to the mess to find needed tools, but didn't waste any effort on anything that wouldn't help her with her great aim.
Brushes were scattered everywhere, old and new canvases stacked in the corners of the studio, and flecks of paint had found their way onto almost every visible surface.
The rich smell of paint was nearly overpowering, but I noticed it only in passing as I made a beeline towards the easel that dominated the center of the space.
The painting was still wet, right down to the signature which had been done in the palest green.
The scene was from the point of view of someone looking into a bedroom window, darker than most of the later stuff I'd just looked at.
The centerpiece, done in a dimmer light than what I remembered from my dreams, was the sleeping figure.
She was delicate-looking.
A tiny figure, a being of light temporarily clothed in flesh, one who seemed almost at the point of breaking out of her mortal husk.
She was so breathtakingly beautiful it was several seconds before I noticed the other, nearly unformed details of the room.
They were so indistinct it took me a full minute to place them.
Once I did, my eyes darted back to the sleeping figure, the gorgeous one whose features I now recognized as Cindi's.
Only it couldn't be Cindi because the room was mine, the one here in Sanctuary.
My pulse racing, I refused to look at the signature again.
I now knew what it was, but if I ignored it maybe I could ignore the ramifications of everything I'd just learned.
The room was swimming as my battered psyche finally took one blow too many, but I fought the attack with everything I had left.
I couldn't afford to be found here collapsed on the floor.
I had to get away before he realized I was awake.
My shoes were at the foot of the bed; I grabbed them, but didn't put them on.
I needed to be quiet, more now than ever.
I crept to the other end of the suite, passing a curious collection of items ranging from a mundane, if expensive-looking, desk, to an intricately tooled broadsword, black with age, and sized as though made for a giant.
I finally found the exit and was halfway down the hall when I heard voices for the first time.
While it didn't sound like anyone was out-and-out yelling, they weren't the calm voices of friendly conversation.
I quickly reversed direction, and found an external door less than a minute later.
The voices had faded away to nearly nothing as I'd gotten further away from them, but all of a sudden they peaked into a full-blown yelling match, punctuated with an incredible crash that sent a tremor through the entire house.
Any thoughts I'd had about trying to find a phone and calling 911 vanished as full flight instinct took a hold.
A few seconds later I was outside and running.
The moon was so obscured by clouds it provided only minimal light, but even the poor visibility couldn't convince me to slow my flight through the near jungle waiting outside the house.
I could barely make out the stone path that led through the garden, but I stumbled along it as quickly as I could with my sprained ankle, deciding between branches in the path completely at random.
I'd only been running for a few seconds when lightning tore its first gash in the night sky and opened up the way for a monsoon-like rainstorm.
Within a few seconds the cold rain was falling so hard that I couldn't see even a few feet ahead of me.
I started shivering instantly.
As much as my body had been through in the last few hours, I needed to find shelter before I got chilled.
The next lightning strike was so close it lit the entire sky up.
The telltale flash of glass up ahead was just enough to guide me to a door that was nearly hidden by the rampant foliage.
I pulled the door open with less effort than expected, and slipped inside.
The heady fragrance of flowers told me immediately what I'd stumbled across.
"As if there wasn't enough greenery outside, he's got to have an entire greenhouse too."
The abrupt lessening of the rain assaulting the glass roof brought back my sense of urgency.
Nobody could possibly find me while the most intense rainstorm since Noah had sealed up the ark was going on, but I couldn't stay here once it stopped.
I slipped my battered shoes onto my abused feet, and turned to leave just as the door opened of its own accord.
I fell back in amazement as he stepped into the pool of light that'd materialized as the clouds parted.
The jeans were mundane, perfect, but completely normal for all that they were snug in all the right places and loose everywhere else.
The shirt, unbuttoned in his haste to follow me, was also perfectly normal, entirely believable.
Everything else, however, was too surreal to really grasp.
The sculpted stomach and chest were exactly like I'd secretly imagined they would be, but my gaze was pulled instead up to the massive bandage covering most of Alec's shoulder.
The bandage alone should have told me I hadn't been hallucinating, but the fragments of memory didn't coalesce until I saw his eyes.
The amazing, pale blue eyes were the final, poetic piece of evidence threatening to shred my sanity.
I'd never really liked Alec, but I never suspected he was an actual monster.
It was too much to process so quickly.
When Alec took a careful step towards me, all I could think of was that I'd just seen those same eyes hovering above bloodstained fangs.
I shrank back away from him, and saw his face go from calm to expressionless in a barely detectable flicker.
I'd opened my mouth, maybe to apologize, or possibly to scream for help, but it snapped shut at Alec's response.
Moving faster than I would have believed possible, he spun around and fled through the door.
Between one heartbeat and the next he disappeared into the darkness, letting the door slam shut with enough force that the glass in the ceiling should have come down in a rain of razor-edged shards.
The flowers closest to me swayed slightly from the force of the vibrations, pulling my gaze towards them.
I felt my heart skip a couple of times and tears start to flood my eyes as I took in beautiful white petals edged in an amazing shade of purple.
Lagrimas del Angel.
The whole greenhouse was filled with them, and suddenly I couldn't ignore the significance of the circular signature on the paintings anymore.
I hurried outside, looked desperately from side to side for some hint of which way he'd gone, and then headed off to the right towards the sound of shattering pottery.
Just before I was about to give up hope of finding him, I heard another crash and turned into a small grotto.
The sight of rock walls nearly covered by a swath of greenery caused me to pull up with a suddenness that only barely saved me from tumbling into the small reflecting pool off to one side.
Alec froze at my appearance, a large planter that easily weighed as much as I did dangling from one hand.
The shards of pottery strewn about the grotto answered any questions I might have had regarding its imminent fate.
Neither of us moved for several seconds, and then he turned towards me with a glare.
"Go away!"
The command was so forceful it was almost more than I could do to stop myself from turning and running away in terror, but I held my ground.
"Leave.
Leave now and I won't follow you."
The anger was still there, but now there were other emotions, one of which I could identify, one of which I knew how to handle.
"It was you the whole time, wasn't it?
The bank.
The mayor.
Were you responsible for the Les Misérables tickets too?"
"Why?
What possible difference does it make one way or the other?"
The words had lost most of their force, but none of the feeling behind them.
"Because I want to understand.
Why me?
Why would you do all of that for me?"
"You really don't understand?
You saved Rachel from a beating.
If for no other reason, then for that."
I took a careful step forward and placed a hand on his arm.
He absently let the huge flower pot drop, but didn't step away from me.
"That isn't why you did it though.
Is it?"
Alec finally shook his head.
"No, I just did it for you.
Maybe not so much at first, but I couldn't get you out of my mind.
You were everywhere I looked.
In my class, at lunch, even in my dreams.
I couldn't get away from you."
I felt my heart skip another beat.
Everything good that I'd attributed to Brandon had been Alec all along.
I didn't understand what I'd seen a few hours ago, but he wasn't a monster.
The amount of hurt in his voice took him out of the category of frightening.
I moved a little closer.
"Do you still want me to leave?"
"Do you want to leave?
I won't stop you if you do.
If you can convince your mom to leave town there's even a chance you'll be safe from Brandon."
Shivers worked their way down my spine as some of the pieces clicked into place.
"He's like you, isn't he?"
Alec's laugh was a bitter, humorless thing.
"You mean a monster?
Yes, we both feel the call of the moon.
Does that scare you?"
I shook my head.
"No.
I guess a little, but not like it should.
You wouldn't hurt me after everything you've done for us."
"I could kill you without even meaning to.
You're so fragile.
All it would take is an accident, a momentary loss of control.
I really am a monster."
"No, you're not.
I don't understand what you are, but you aren't a monster.
Brandon is.
Vincent, Cassie.
They're all monsters, but you aren't."
Alec finally let his eyes fully meet mine.
"How can you know that when sometimes I'm not sure myself?"
Almost without realizing it, I moved my hand from his arm to his stomach, and then wrapped both arms around him and pressed my face into his rock-hard chest.
"Thank you for saving my life.
Were those wolves some of Brandon's friends?"
I felt him nod.
"Simon and Nathanial."
"I didn't know them that well, they mostly ignored me, but I didn't think they'd kill me."
Alec finally put his arms around me.
He hugged me like I was made out of fine china, but it was a start.
The tingling sensation I'd always felt around Brandon was back, stronger than ever.
Despite the incredibly grave nature of everything that'd happened in the last few hours, I felt mildly euphoric.
Maybe this was what people were talking about when they said they were buzzed.
"Maybe they weren't going to kill you.
I can't say for sure, but they've both killed people before.
I couldn't take the chance that they weren't just playing around.
I had to stop them."
I thought for a moment that my knees were going to collapse on me.
I carefully reached up and brushed the bandage on his shoulder.
"They could've killed you?"
Alec shrugged.
"I came out okay all things considered."
He was going to have to rethink this deflection thing, but now didn't seem like the time to get pushy.
I forced a measure of gaiety into my voice and smiled up at him.
"Well, I'm glad things turned out the way they did.
Otherwise we'd both be dead."
Alec flinched slightly, and then looked at the grotto.
"I suppose I'd better clean this up or Donovan is going to be very unhappy with me."
"Who's Don...." I felt my mouth drop as I finally recognized my surroundings.
"I've been here before.
In my dream.
Then I drew it, which I didn't understand because I only ever draw real places, and this was imaginary.
Only it wasn't, but there wasn't any way for me to know..." I turned around, expecting to have to field a barrage of questions, but Alec was calmly watching me.
"Isn't that odd?
Doesn't that make you want to know what's going on?"
He was debating whether or not to lie to me.
I could see it in his eyes.
Funny how I'd never realized how expressive they were.
"Don't lie to me."
Alec sighed, and then shrugged.
"I'm not sure what to tell you.
There's so much you don't know, and most of it I can't tell you.
More importantly, you're better off not knowing."
I waited for several seconds, expecting him to go on, and then finally realized the matter was closed as far as he was concerned.
"Hold on there.
You can't just leave me in the dark about all of this.
I'm in up to my neck; you have to at least let me know what I've fallen into."
He was shaking his head again.
"I'm sorry, I know this has to be hard, but you don't belong in this world.
You admitted yourself that you don't know anything about us.
It was a mistake for me to let you get involved.
I'm going to remedy that right now.
We'll get you home, and then your mom is going to get an offer that's too good to pass up.
With any luck you'll both be out of town within a couple days.
I think I can arrange it so neither of you will be back for a year or two.
That should be more than enough time for this all to resolve itself one way or another."
I felt my eyes go wide with panic as I realized what he was proposing.
"Wait.
No.
You can't do that."
I tried to grab a hold of his arm, but he'd already taken several steps away.
The pleasant tingly feeling was gone, but that loss was nothing against the sense of cold abandonment rushing through me.
I tried to step forward, tried to follow him, but my vision was dimming and my heart felt like it was about to explode.
I managed a single step before my knees collapsed and the ground jumped up to meet me.
Consciousness was slow returning.
When my eyes finally fluttered open, I was surprised to find myself in Alec's arms once again.
"Are you okay?"
He tried to set me down, to stand me up on my feet, but I grabbed onto him as tightly as my shaking arms were able.
"Don't leave me.
Please don't make me go."
I didn't realize I was crying until I tried to talk.
It was embarrassing, but was I too worried about being sent away to care.
Any amount of ridicule would be worthwhile if it meant being able to stay with Alec.
He obviously still wasn't convinced though.
"Adri, you don't understand.
This is the only way to keep you safe.
I can't protect you here.
I can't even protect my own family."
He was still trying to disengage my arms from around his neck, but it was obvious he didn't want to hurt me, and I was holding on with everything I had.
"No, you don't understand.
This whole time I thought I was in love with Brandon, I didn't even know him.
You did so much for us and didn't even hate me when I was so rude.
I've been so stupid, please don't send me away."
I was halfway to another attack before Alec finally put a finger to my lips and nodded.
"Very well.
I should send you away for your own protection, but I'm too selfish to do what's best for you.
Maybe later I'll be able to do what's right, but not right now, not so soon."
Chapter 22 Rachel met us at the door with a shy smile that let me know any hard feelings would evaporate instantly if I wanted to be friends again.
Alec put me down with a slight start as soon as he saw his sister.
I reluctantly let go of him, and covered the last few feet under my own power.
I gave Rachel a hug as soon as she was within arm's reach.
"I'm so sorry.
I've been incredibly dumb."
She waved the explanation away.
"Brandon's fooled people smarter than both of us put together.
The hardest part was not being able to tell you anything."
Alec started to open the door, but Rachel put a hand on his arm.
"The rest of the pack is back.
Jasmin already told them what happened.
It doesn't look good."
I had my mouth open and was halfway to asking what was going on when I saw Alec's expression, and swallowed my words.
He didn't look any different than normal, in fact if I'd been standing forty or fifty feet away from him I'd probably have still thought he was just as calm and in control as always.
This close, I could feel the anger radiating off of him.
I almost took a step back when he turned towards me.
"I realize it's unreasonable to ask you to trust me right now, but I'm going to need you to do so.
Can you remain quiet for the next few minutes?"
I wanted to ask why, but it was obvious we didn't have the time for a lengthy explanation.
I nodded.
"I trust you.
After everything you've done, I know you wouldn't hurt me."
Alec turned towards Rachel, but she shook her head before he could even open his mouth.
"You don't even need to ask.
I'll follow your lead, and try to look brave."
He threw the door open and stalked into the house.
Rachel grabbed my hand and pulled me along behind her.
A group of familiar faces was waiting for us in the largest living room I'd ever seen.
It took me several seconds to match identities to the rain-soaked group staring at me with such hostility.
Jasmin was standing in the center, and didn't even wait for me to get fully in the room before she started talking.
"She goes back to Brandon tonight.
It's a long shot, but it's better than nothing.
She brought it on herself so there isn't any reason to cry over what might happen."
Alec shook his head.
"Unacceptable.
She wasn't properly his.
There was no bond of Ja'tell, and consequently we have no obligation to return her to him."
Jasmin opened her mouth to say something else, but a tiny brunette, probably Jessica, interrupted her.
"Alec, we have to do this.
None of us are stupid; we know what's going to happen.
You killed two members of his pack."
There was steel in Alec's voice that I'd never heard before.
"Still unacceptable.
You've all aired your opinions; you can retire to your beds now."
James looked up from where he'd been slouching against the wall, and I suddenly realized that he wasn't shaking from cold.
He was so furious it looked like he was only seconds away from exploding.
A very pretty Hispanic girl placed a gentle hand on his arm, but he shook her hand off and let out a sound that was uncomfortably close to a growl.
"You selfish jerk.
You've been mooning over her for weeks.
You've got her now, but at what cost?
This isn't open to discussion.
We're taking her back to Brandon and asking for leniency."
In an effort to see better, Rachel and I had moved slightly to the side.
Alec reached back without looking and moved us directly behind him.
It wasn't until his arm brushed me that I realized he was shaking ever so slightly himself.
"There's only one way you're going to touch her, James.
Are you really ready to take that step?"
I felt shivers run down me as I realized just how easily everything could boil over into deadly violence.
The tension in the room pulsed out in waves, skittering many-legged across my skin like something that belonged under a rock somewhere.
The feeling intensified even more as first Jessica and then Jasmin picked up the same strange, near epileptic quiver.
James let out a low, grating growl, and my stomach dropped as he looked up with eyes that weren't the unremarkable brown they'd been just a second before.
The hot yellow eyes of a predator were looking out of James' familiar face, changing it into something threatening and inhuman.
Answering growls from Jasmin and Jessica seemed to snap something inside of Alec.
His tremble became more pronounced.
There was a ripping sound, and when I looked down at his hands, they'd been replaced by the same wickedly-sharp claws I remembered from the night before.
I must have let out a gasp, because Rachel tightened her grasp on me and moved closer.
She might have whispered something comforting, but I couldn't hear it past the thunder of my own heartbeat.
All three of them were moving towards us now.
It was so inhumanly smooth and slow the motion was almost imperceptible, but I was certain they were stalking us.
Stalking me.
As soon as they got close enough to cover the remaining distance in a single bound, they'd attack, and if Alec had been sorely pressed fighting two of his kind last night, three were almost certain to kill him.
Rachel pulled me around behind her and spoke with a calm that seemed too concrete to be real.
"Jasmin, please don't do this.
I'm not going to move.
She doesn't mean anything to you.
What about me?"
Jasmin stopped moving.
She was still shaking, and when she looked up at me, her eyes still bubbled with hate, but they were human again instead of the pale, ice blue from a moment before.
With a visible effort of will, Jasmin closed her eyes, calmed her shaking body, and then turned and quickly walked out of the room.
I was just tall enough to see over Rachel and take in what was going on in the rest of the room.
James' eyes were still yellow, and he was still inching his way towards me, obviously undeterred by Jasmin's defection.
The Hispanic girl carefully closed the distance between them, and then placed her slender, perfect dark hand on James' arm once again as she leaned in and whispered something in his ear.
For a moment it seemed he was going to shake her off again but then he shuddered, shot Alec another dirty look, and stormed out of the room.
The tiny form following after him looked like a fragile schooner trailing along the edge of a hurricane.
The room seemed so calm after James disappeared that for a second I forgot Jessica was still half-crouched in the center of the room.
Alec hadn't forgotten, and if the waves of tension and energy rolling off of him weren't as strong as the combined effects coming from all four of them, it still felt like the walls should explode outwards.
Jessica seemed to shrink in on herself, and then she turned and ran away with a final hiss of defiance.
Isaac looked up at Alec from the corner where he'd been quietly standing.
Alec's almost imperceptible nod sent him in the same direction as Jessica.
Whatever meager survival instincts I had left chose that moment to finally kick in, and I felt my knees begin to give way.
Rachel let out a high-pitched sound that had all of the surprise of a squeal, but none of the excitement.
Apparently Alec knew how to interpret it.
He turned back and caught me again before I could hit the ground.
"There isn't anything to worry about now.
Go ahead and catch your breath."
As pleasant as it was to be in his arms again, I was starting to worry he'd get tired of it.
I pushed him away as soon as I was reasonably confident my knees would support me.
"What's going on?
Why are they so scared of Brandon?"
Alec shook his head.
"This isn't the time; we need to get you back home to your mom.
It would be most unfortunate if she were to arrive and find you gone."
My mind was still a little fuzzy, but it was working well enough for me to know he was wrong.
"No.
She's not going to be home until Sunday.
There isn't any reason to go back there yet."
I looked around for Rachel, but she'd disappeared sometime between when I'd started falling, and when I'd thought to thank her.
"You mean she wasn't planning on coming back until Sunday.
Once Brandon gets involved in things, they tend not to go as expected."
I wanted to ask questions, but Rachel appeared from a hallway.
"He's right, Adriana.
You need to be home in case your mom returns sooner than expected.
Things are going to get plenty weird enough over the next couple of weeks.
You don't want to start out with your mom already mad at you."
Feeling very small inside at the thought of going back by myself, I nodded.
Alec apparently read the meaning of my sudden change in expression.
"Don't worry; I'm not going to send you back alone.
We'll make sure nothing happens to you."
Too scared to even muster a "yeah right, they all hate me," I simply waited while Alec flipped open an ultra-slender cellphone, and made two calls.
He spoke too quietly for me to make out exactly what was being said.
It seemed like he was giving orders though, and that they weren't being received very well.
A few minutes later Alec bundled me into the back seat of an unfamiliar car, which rapidly filled up as first Jasmin, Isaac and the tiny Hispanic girl arrived.
Jasmin completely ignored me as she climbed into the car; Isaac gave me a polite, if somewhat cool nod.
The Hispanic girl gave me an honest-to-goodness smile as she slipped behind the steering wheel and started the engine.
In what was one of the most thoughtful things that'd happened all night, she turned the heater on full as she pulled out of the driveway.
The drive into town, and then back out to my house was quiet, but luckily didn't take as long as normal.
Apparently her timidness stopped well short of observing the speed limit.
Alec, Isaac, and Jasmin all jumped out of the car as soon as my house was in sight.
The car was still doing at least twenty miles per hour when they bailed.
They faded into the darkened landscape about the time we rolled to a stop.
I went to open the door, but a delicate brown hand stopped me.
"I'm sorry you've had such a rough night.
James and the others will come around eventually.
Till then just continue being brave and trust Alec.
He really will move the cielos to protect you."
She had a thick, beautiful Spanish accent.
For a second I was torn between complimenting her on it and asking her what cielos meant.
I finally just settled on faking a smile and thanking her.
She smiled at me.
"No need to thank me.
My name is Dominic by the way."
A few seconds later I was standing alone, nervously facing my house.
Alec suddenly appeared at my side.
I jumped a little at the surprise.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you."
I shrugged as my breathing started to slow down again.
"It's okay.
Where were you?"
"Scouting.
We had to make sure Brandon's pack wasn't waiting for us."
"How can you be sure?
They could be hidden anywhere."
Alec shook his head, his eyes strangely gentle.
"No, if they were hanging around outside we'd be able to smell them."
"So not only are you faster and stronger than normal people, you've also got noses like real wolves?"
"Of a sort.
That's not really important though.
Let's get you inside."
I nodded and started towards the door, only to blink as Alec stepped in front of me.
"May I have permission to enter and make sure it's safe inside?"
I slowed down, suddenly terrified at the thought of Brandon and his friends waiting inside for me.
"I thought you said you'd be able to smell them if they were here."
"If they were outside, yes.
Under normal circumstances we'd be able to determine whether or not they'd been here in the last few days, but the rainstorm last night was strong enough to wash away all of that."
Alec waited patiently as I tried to get a grip on myself.
As soon as I nodded he disappeared through the door.
A few seconds later he was back.
"It's safe; there's no trace of them."
He held the door open for me, and then slipped outside.
"You need to erase any evidence that you weren't here all night.
Take a shower, change into some of your own clothes, and then go to sleep.
We'll keep watch outside until your mom gets back."
I opened my mouth to ask what would happen after that, but he was already gone, moving so quickly through the darkness that I wasn't even sure which direction he'd headed.
I locked the door for the first time since we'd arrived in Sanctuary, turned on all the downstairs lights, and then slowly walked upstairs.
It was crazy to be scared that Alec had somehow missed someone, but I couldn't shake the feeling I was being watched.
Once I finally made it upstairs, I checked both rooms, and the bathroom, before finally relaxing a little.
I showered quickly, carefully making sure the smell of alcohol and cigarette smoke was out of my hair, and then changed into clean clothes and collapsed onto my bed.
I was exhausted, but I couldn't fall asleep.
Every time I closed my eyes, I saw dark shapes hurtling towards me.
After looking at the clock for the thousandth time, I finally got up and went downstairs.
The lights were still blazing, just as I'd left them.
I debated for several seconds before opening the door and stepping out into the darkness.
Somehow the porch light didn't reach out as far into the yard as I'd remembered.
Alec appeared on the edge of the light with such suddenness that a startled yelp escaped me despite my best efforts.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you."
Strangely enough, I believed him.
He was moving with the same, over-controlled care I'd seen him use around Rachel.
"It's okay, it must be really limiting to always have to pretend you're slow and normal."
His expression took on an alien cast, as he shrugged.
"Actually I've spent so much of my life trying to hide the unusual aspects of my nature, it's usually effortless.
For some reason, I forget myself around you."
There was something to his voice, but even after he'd hinted at having strong feelings for me, it was hard to really believe it all.
At least not without an outright admission on his part.
Seeking to distract myself from a thoroughly useless train of thought, I looked around, trying vainly to pierce the curtain of black hanging around the feeble circle of light.
"Are they out there waiting now?"
Alec shook his head.
"No, I'd already have come and carried you away if any of Brandon's people were around.
Barring that, you'd hear us fighting.
Mere doors and windows wouldn't do much to muffle the sound."
"You'd be fighting, because of me."
Alec slowly crossed the distance between us, and took my shoulders in his hands.
"Please don't try and take the blame for this.
We've been on a collision course with Brandon's pack for years."
His touch was intoxicating.
I could feel warm tingles start from my shoulders and work their way down my arms.
A full two seconds of silence passed before I realized he'd asked me why I'd come downstairs.
"I can't sleep.
I've been trying, but I'm too wound up to do anything but just lie there.
I thought I'd come downstairs and talk to you instead.
I mean, unless it's bothering you.
You know, keeping you from patrolling or something."
That last bit hadn't really been planned.
I'd wanted to come downstairs and talk to him, but wouldn't have dreamt of just saying it outright.
Maybe it was the natural high I got simply from being around him.
Alec's smile was brief, but it felt like the first one I'd seen since he'd been forced to save me.
I couldn't blame him for being worried about how this was going to further strain already tense relations with Brandon's pack.
Still, the transforming expression made me realize just how badly I'd missed his other face, the one that wasn't stern and serious all of the time.
"No, you're not bothering me in the slightest.
Jasmin or Isaac either one could easily keep watch.
Our sense of smell and hearing are good enough that it's all but impossible for even other wolves to catch us unawares.
They're here more in the role of bodyguards.
If Brandon's people do show up, it'll likely take all three of us to get you away safely."
"So you don't mind?
You'll stay here and talk to me?"
Alec paused for several seconds, which wasn't promising.
Then again, he hadn't released my shoulders yet, so maybe there was still some hope.
"I'm not sure that's the best idea.
You really need your sleep.
The whole purpose of this little exercise is to convince your mom you've been safely home this entire time.
If you crash later in the day, she's going to know you didn't sleep tonight."
"Maybe if you stayed with me it would help me sleep."
I almost couldn't believe those words were really coming out of my mouth.
I wanted to blame it on how close he was standing, or how tired I was, or anything else that might be remotely believable, but based on how serious his face had just become, it was too late to take it all back.
"That doesn't strike me as being a much better solution."
I felt my neck and face begin to burn from embarrassment.
I took a step back, and reached for the door, hoping to beat a quick retreat before I could humiliate myself further, but he stopped me with a surprisingly gentle hand.
"I'm sorry; that didn't come out as intended.
If it would help you sleep, of course I'll come upstairs and sit with you.
It's the least I can do after allowing you to be dragged into this mess."
Alec followed me upstairs, and then slid down the wall to sit on the floor as I sat down on my bed.
As soon as I was comfortable he reached up and flipped off the light.
"Hey, I can't see you now."
His laugh was like silk.
It reached out, and smoothed away the last of the embarrassment.
"The deal was I would come up here so you could sleep.
You aren't going to fall asleep if the light is on and you're staring at me."
"Fine, the light can be off, but I get to ask you questions still, and you need to start giving me real answers."
The chuckle was a little more resigned, but he didn't argue, so I launched into my first question before I'd really thought it through.
"What...I mean, you're all so different..." I trailed off into silence worried he was going to be mad.
"I think you meant to ask what I am."
Alec sighed, but it wasn't an angry sigh, so I nodded, forgetting for a moment that he couldn't see me in the darkness.
"We share a little in common with a bunch of different legends, but none get it quite right.
In short, we're shape shifters, people who can take the form of animals."
I'd already seen that for myself, but it was strangely exhilarating to hear him admit it.
"You mean like werewolves?"
There was a hiss of sound, as if I'd just hit him.
For a second I worried I'd made him angry.
"No, not like werewolves."
I waited for him to elaborate.
When the silence grew too uncomfortable I was the first to crack, just like always.
"Did I say something wrong?"
Alec's voice was surprisingly gentle.
"No, you've nothing to feel sorry about.
I should tell you though that calling a shape shifter a werewolf is the kind of insult that nearly always results in a fight, and often even a death."
I felt momentarily like I'd been hit.
Alec was waiting for me to respond, but I couldn't bring myself to say anything.
"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to scare you.
I forget sometimes how much more violent my world is."
I wasn't any less shocked, but his tone was so apologetic I couldn't help but smile.
"That's better; I much prefer the happy Adri face to the scared Adri."
"Wait, you could see me smile?
I guess that all follows, better hearing, better sense of smell.
Of course you'd have better vision too."
It wasn't until I heard the note of longing in my voice that I realized what I was missing.
Alec didn't have that same advantage, and I could feel him waiting expectantly.
"Sorry, it's just that this all makes me think of these amazing dreams I've been having since I arrived.
I'm transported to various places, but in every case I can hear and smell better than I can in real life.
Not only that, everything is glowing.
Only that isn't the right word for it.
Mostly there's just light coming out of the people and the plants and animals.
It's so beautiful.
Funny your having more acute senses would make me think of that."
Alec sighed.
"It's bordering on stuff I shouldn't tell you, but you deserve to know.
You've just described exactly how we perceive the world.
The colors are all more vibrant, the breeze is more alive with scents than anyone could ever know."
I felt my heart speed up a little as things started falling into place.
"Your paintings.
That explains them.
You were superimposing what you see over top of what someone like me would see.
Only how would you know what things look like to us?"
Alec's chuckle held more than a little resignation in its timbre.
"You are amazing.
Anyone else waking up in a strange place would've run away as soon as they regained consciousness.
At the very least, you should have started screaming.
Instead you wander around, take in some rather feeble attempts at art, and then sneak out without saying a word."
Secure in the knowledge he could see me, I stuck my tongue out at him.
"Hey, my survival instincts, or lack thereof aren't the point.
Stop trying to distract me."
"I suppose I deserved that.
It's just more than a little unsettling how quickly you're putting pieces together.
There really are things that aren't safe for you to know.
Among them, the reason why it isn't safe for you to know them."
I waited expectantly, and he finally resumed.
"To answer your question, I wasn't always like this.
When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.
I still see incredibly well, and there's just the slightest hint of light from living things, but nothing like what you saw in the dreams."
"So you work from memory mostly then?
That and trying to make what you see when you're in human form even more drab than what you really see?"
"That about sums it up, although I didn't really expect you to pick up on that last part so quickly.
You're remarkably perceptive."
I felt my face heat at the compliment.
I quickly looked for something worthy of a chuckle to change the subject.
"So what does a seventeen-year-old shape shifter spend his time doing?"
I succeeded with my goal of making him laugh.
"Well, I spend a ridiculous amount of time trying to keep my friends away from each other's throats.
We've got some pretty strong personalities, and it's nearly a full-time job stopping minor disagreements from boiling over into something bigger.
Apart from that, I spend an hour or two every day vetting Donovan's management of the family assets.
He does an incredible job with everything, but even so, there are certain things I have to approve myself."
"Who's Donovan?"
Another chuckle.
"That's one of the most difficult questions you've asked so far.
He likes to call himself our butler, but that doesn't even begin to describe him.
He does take care of most of the duties a typical butler would assume, but he's also our financial manager and long-time family friend.
I'm excited for you to meet him tomorrow.
I think you'll like him."
"Yeah, but will he like me?"
I sat up in bed, excited to finally be getting real details about Alec's life.
"Please lie back down.
You have to at least be trying to sleep.
Otherwise I'm heading back downstairs.
And don't pout.
It won't influence me in the slightest."
"It's just sooo hard for my merely human ears to hear you from so far away.
Maybe if you were to move over here I wouldn't have to strain to catch every word."
It was so blatantly coy, I almost couldn't believe I was saying it.
It had been said though.
All there was left to do was hope he didn't decide I was the biggest loser to ever walk the earth.
The extended silence was almost enough to make me decide he was going to get up and leave.
"All right, I'll come over and lean against your bed, but you really need to try and sleep.
You've got to be nearly exhausted."
"What about you, mister superhero shape shifter?
You've been up longer than I have.
I'm not the only one who needs to sleep."
I tried not to let my voice get too sing-song, but I felt a completely irrational thrill as he quietly crossed over to my side of the room.
"That's actually one of the benefits of my condition.
I don't actually need normal amounts of sleep.
An hour or two per night is usually more than enough."
Having him so close to me was somehow both exhilarating and soothing at the same time.
I could feel the tense, knotty parts of me start to relax for the first time since Simon and Nathanial tried to kill me.
As exhaustion started to finally eat through all of the nervous energy that'd been fueling me, it was all I could do to follow what Alec was saying.
Still, I wasn't ready to go to sleep.
It felt like he'd disappear if I closed my eyes.
"So you don't need to sleep.
What do you do with all the rest of your time?"
Alec was close enough now that I could see his smile.
It reached out and wrapped itself around me like a warm blanket.
"Well, I do spend a fairly significant amount of time each day sitting in class.
Kind of like someone else I know."
"Unacceptable.
I've added that up in my head, and you've still got several hours each day that you haven't accounted for."
Despite my best efforts, I was mumbling so badly I wasn't sure anything I'd said was comprehensible.
Somewhere in there I'd closed my eyes, so I felt a sluggish, tired kind of surprise when he gently brushed his fingers across the side of my face.
The sensation was so feathery I almost opened my eyes to verify that he'd really touched me.
It was too much effort.
Besides, I didn't really want to know if he hadn't touched me, it was better to just go on pretending he had.
"I'm afraid that really is the balance of my time.
I spend time with Rachel of course.
Then there are a few odd minutes where I squeeze in some reading, or a bit of painting."
"They're beautiful.
Best I've seen.
Ever."
I imagined I could hear him smile.
"Thank you.
I'm afraid mostly all I see is the flaws.
Even with the most perfect subjects, I still generally fail to capture their true essence."
"But not all?"
"No, not all of them."
It was getting harder and harder to string thoughts together in a comprehensible manner.
"Sounds fulfilling.
Busy, but fulfilling."
Alec waited so long to respond that I nearly drifted off.
"It's always seemed fulfilling.
At least until recently."
I wanted to know what he meant, but couldn't muster the willpower.
I already felt myself starting to drift away.
Even the feeling of him caressing my check again wasn't enough to bring me all the way back to full alertness.
"Somehow that all changed after you arrived.
Little by little I started to realize just how empty my life really was.
I wish I could come right out and say it while you're awake.
I don't want that life anymore.
I don't really want any life that doesn't involve you."
Part of me wanted to scream for joy, to jump up out of my bed and wrap myself around Alec as tightly as I could, but I was just too far gone.
I half thought I was dreaming it all.
As I finally let sleep pull me down into darkness, I almost thought I heard Alec say one last thing.
The tone was so vulnerable and hesitant he almost sounded like another person.
"The truth is, I've fallen well and truly in love with you."
Chapter 23 Someone was calling my name, but I really didn't want to wake up.
I was still so tired, and I'd had the most wonderful dreams.
They were a little foggy now, but they seemed to have involved Alec coming to my rescue, and then holding my hand as I went to sleep.
It wasn't until I finally placed the familiar voice that everything started coming back to me.
I sat up with an abruptness that nearly knocked Alec off of his perch on the edge of my bed.
Him still being there, looking at me with a barely restrained amusement glimmering in his eyes, calmed my racing pulse.
"You're still here."
"You sound disappointed.
Do you want me to leave?"
His expression had taken on the guarded blankness I still hadn't learned how to read, so I wasn't sure whether he was joking or not.
"No, not disappointed, just surprised.
I figured I'd wake up and find everything had just been one amazing, crazy dream."
I'd hoped that my reassurance would make the mask drop, but if anything Alec was looking at me even more seriously.
"Would you prefer things to take that course?"
It took me several heartbeats to understand what he was getting at, long seconds in which his face grew increasingly remote.
"No, how could you think that?
Why would I possibly want to have you vanish when I've just now finally found out it's you who's been watching over my mom and me since we got here?"
Alec looked away for a moment, and then stood up and walked over to the window.
"It would be for the best, you know.
I could arrange for you both to leave the state, and never have to come back to Sanctuary again.
You'd be safer."
I felt my mouth drop open as his words hit me with almost physical force.
I wanted to turn and run away, but the quasi-dream from the night before was just barely vivid enough to keep me in the room.
"Is that what you want?
Not what's best for me, or what you think is best for me, but what you really want?"
The silence seemed to stretch into hours before Alec finally shook his head.
"Good, because I don't want to leave.
You said last night that your life felt meaningless before I came here, well, mine was even worse.
The only thing that's kept me sane has been your behind-the-scenes help.
I want to stay with you.
I want to be with you."
Alec studied me for a moment longer, and then nodded, a short, choppy motion with little if any of his usual grace.
"Very well then.
It's just after ten o'clock.
Your mom is about to pull into the driveway.
Do your best to convince her you spent the night safely at home.
We'll stay here and watch over the two of you.
Also, if you can convince her it's safe to leave on an extended trip, that would be very helpful.
Once she's gone, I'll come back for you."
I opened my mouth to ask him what he meant, only to be distracted by the sound of the Jeep's engine as it rolled to a stop on the cement pad.
As I looked back, Alec's eyes captured me.
"You're sure this is what you want?"
I managed a nod, and then the downstairs door crashed open.
"Adri, honey.
Where are you?"
Alec was gone when I looked back.
Only the slight sway of my curtains gave evidence he'd just casually jumped out of my second-story window.
I heard Mom's equipment bags hit the floor one after another.
The sound of her tromping up the stairs finally roused me from my state of shock.
"I'm in my room, Mom."
Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
"Oh, there you are, dear.
I was worried you were gone."
I forced a chuckle.
"Please, Mom.
Where else would I be?
Saturdays are one of my only two chances all week to actually sleep in.
It isn't like I'm going to climb out of bed at the crack of dawn and go hiking or something."
Mom's chuckle was almost genuine.
If Alec hadn't implied she was going to suspect I'd been up to no good, I probably wouldn't have even noticed how off she sounded.
"You're right, dear.
I shouldn't have doubted you.
I just had a few kids come hiking past this morning talking about this massive party the entire school was at last night.
I know it's completely irrational, but I kept thinking about you there with all that alcohol."
I was so nervous about answering her question that I didn't realize she was headed over to shut my window until she was already so close that there was no hope of intercepting her.
Hopefully Alec had kept moving after he'd jumped.
Otherwise Mom's questions were about to get a bit more pointed.
"Mom, how could you think that?
I've never even had the slightest desire to do something like that."
The lies were starting to add up, but Alec had acted like it was important not to be grounded right now.
That and I really didn't want to get into the kind of trouble the truth would bring.
"That's a good point, but you can't blame me for being worried, sweetie.
I mean with this new boyfriend of yours.
You know I don't trust boys who drive sports cars.
Especially not the really cute ones who have a way of making every female in sight go all gooey on the inside."
She slid the window shut with a sigh, rather than screaming in shock, so Alec wasn't lying on the ground with a pair of broken legs.
Apparently Brandon's charms were enough to make Mom forget herself while he was around, but not so great as to keep her from worrying when he wasn't.
I shrugged uncomfortably.
"He's not my boyfriend, Mom.
I mean he wasn't really ever my boyfriend, but even less so now."
Mom looked away from the skyline, a new batch of concern painted across her features.
"I'm so sorry, dear.
I didn't particularly approve of him, but I wasn't going to get really vocal about it.
Not when he was your first boyfriend.
What happened?"
I didn't have to pretend to be hurt and disappointed.
Even knowing that Alec was everything I'd thought Brandon was, I still felt used and disappointed.
"I just wasn't what he was looking for.
He made it very clear the last time I saw him."
Mom crossed the distance from the window and wrapped her arms around me.
"Teenage boys are so cruel.
I'm sorry.
Do you want to go out for ice cream this afternoon?"
My smile came much easier than it would have if Alec hadn't magically come into my life.
"That is the time-honored method for dealing with breakups."
Whatever Mom had been planning on saying was interrupted by the perky jingle of her cell phone.
She shot me an apologetic look as she answered it, but I already knew Mr. Peters had taken to calling her at unusual times to get updates on where she was at with her shots for the tourism brochure.
"This is she.
Yes, I'm doing well, thanks, may I ask who's calling?
Yes, I am a photographer.
Why yes, I did have a couple of pieces that I submitted last year, but they never got printed.
No, I've never heard of...yes, of course.
Well, that's really not my area of expertise.
I might know of a person or two who might be interested in helping you out..." Mom's face was nearly as surprised as the time Dad had come home from work and announced he'd just taken the next two days off and we were going up to St.
Cloud for a vacation starting in twenty minutes.
I wasn't sure who'd called, or what exactly they were after, but it was looking like she was going to have a really good story to tell when she managed to get off of the phone.
"I appreciate your interest, but as I said, that really isn't the kind of thing I do.
Oh.
Well, I have commitments here, projects I'm working on.
For three weeks?"
She looked at me with wide eyes.
"I'd have to confirm that.
Can I call you back in half an hour?"
Mom stood there with the phone up against her ear for several seconds before shaking herself and looking at me.
"That was some kind of promoter.
She wants me to go out and shoot a fashion show in Paris.
For a week and a half, and then another one in Italy.
I've never heard of either of the shows, but she's offering me twenty thousand dollars for just three weeks."
I felt my eyes go wide at the idea of something so unbelievable happening to us, and then even wider as I realized this must be what Alec had been referring to.
'Convince her it's fine for her to leave' indeed.
He hadn't been kidding about getting us out of the country.
"Mom, you have to go!
This is the biggest opportunity ever!"
She looked doubtful.
"Sweetie, I know it seems exciting, and heaven knows we could use the money, but that just isn't my kind of thing."
I shrugged.
"Yeah, but once you've had some paying photography jobs it's sure to help land others.
It isn't your ideal kind of work, but it's still a good start, and you never know where it might lead."
"I can't leave you here alone.
Not only that, I've still got the brochure to do."
Obviously I was going to have to work harder.
"Mom, I'll be fine.
Just think of it as an extended hike.
You'll even have cell phone coverage, so you can check in with me as often as you want."
At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.
"As for the brochure, you've got scads of great shots already.
Maybe if you call up Mr. Peters you'll be able to work something out."
Actually I was positive Mr. Peters would be amiable to the idea.
At least he would be if Alec had remembered to work whatever magic he'd used on the Mayor the first time.
Of course it was possible he'd forgotten to make the arrangements, but somehow I doubted it.
Mom looked like she was starting to waver.
"It does seem like a great opportunity, but there just isn't any good way to know for sure it's legitimate."
That didn't sound like Alec at all.
"Are you sure, Mom?
They didn't arrange anything you could use to verify they're for real?"
I suddenly realized why parents got such a big kick out of catching their kids doing something wrong.
Mom looked so sheepish I almost laughed.
"Well, he did say he'd arrange for an immediate advance to be wired over to our bank, but it's closed on Saturdays, and it isn't like I can go calling up the bank president for something trivial like that."
I opened my mouth, still unsure what to say in response to her latest excuse, only to be interrupted by her cell phone again.
"Yes, this is she.
Mr. Kard?
Oh, hello.
A wire?
Really?
I didn't realize you even had anyone working today."
Mom listened for several more seconds and then hung up.
"They just sent the money.
Apparently it's for real.
The bank president was just calling to tell me the money has been confirmed, subject to my accepting the job."
Now was the time to strike.
"Mom, go call Mr. Peters, and I'll start pulling your stuff together."
It's amazing how quickly you can pack when it's for someone else, and they aren't around to tell you what you can or can't throw into their suitcase.
Even with my lack of sleep starting to catch up with me, I was still essentially done by the time Mom wandered into her room, staring at her phone like she wasn't sure it was really possible for it to have just told her what she'd just heard.
"He says it's fine.
He'll swing by next week to pick up the shots I think are the most promising, and then he'll see if he can't put the brochure together from that."
She noticed the suitcases and the empty hangers for the first time.
"Honey, there isn't any reason to be in such a hurry.
We haven't really decided to take the job yet, and even if we do, I'm sure we won't be able to arrange a flight for another day or two."
Right.
If Alec really had arranged this incredible trip, literally overnight, he'd have her on a plane much faster than anyone else would've believed possible.
"Mom, we've already gone through every single one of your objections, and they've all been taken care of.
I'll be fine, the brochure will still be completed on schedule, and the job is as real as it gets.
The only thing left to do is call them back and accept before they decide to offer it to someone else."
It obviously hadn't crossed Mom's mind that they might decide to go with someone else.
Waffling over whether or not to take the job was one thing when she was sure she'd have it in the end.
It was entirely different when it might cost her the biggest break she'd ever had.
She nodded jerkily as she stepped out of the room, already dialing.
I felt my eyelids drooping by the time she came back.
"They want me to leave right now.
She said she's already arranged for a charter plane out of St. George.
If I leave in the next ten minutes, we can make the flight out of Salt Lake International with something like half an hour to spare."
We both sat there in silence for a few seconds as everything sank in, and then Mom exploded into motion.
She ran downstairs to repack her photography equipment, all the while yelling upstairs to verify that I'd packed all of the other essentials she was going to need.
Almost before I'd even finished assimilating how quickly Alec had pulled everything together, Mom was backing down the lane as I waved goodbye.
Alec appeared within thirty seconds of Mom's departure, Isaac close behind him.
"We need to go.
One of Brandon's people just got close enough to smell us.
They left before we could tell for sure who it was, but the odds of them coming back with lots of help just went through the roof.
If we're still around when they do, things will get ugly."
Part of me wanted to break down into a gibbering wreck.
The rest of me just nodded calmly, and turned to head upstairs as Isaac politely passed me, apparently on his way to the kitchen.
Alec gently grasped my shoulder before I'd even managed to take a step.
"There isn't time.
We have to go now."
As soon as we were out the front door, Alec motioned for me to jump on his back, and then we were off with a speed I suspected an Olympic athlete couldn't have matched.
The lane between our house and the road flew by faster than I'd ever driven it in a car.
The wind created by our passage was strong enough to make my eyes tear up, but I resisted the urge to close them.
I occasionally saw shadowy shapes darting through the trees ahead or to either side of us, but there wasn't any way to be sure it was Isaac and Jasmin instead of Brandon and his entire pack.
A faint howl from behind us caused Alec to put on another terrifying burst of speed as we left the lane and turned to parallel the road.
The sight of branches clawing at us as we slipped by them with little more than inches to spare was too much.
I finally closed my eyes and ducked down as close to Alec's neck as I could get.
With one less sense distracting me, the rest of them kicked into high gear.
I could feel every step, including the occasional slide as the rough gravel we were running on wasn't up to bearing our combined weight without slipping.
The bitter taste of fear along the back of my tongue was surprisingly strong, but even so I found my thoughts dwelling on the sheer pleasure of having my arms wrapped around Alec's rock-hard upper body.
The high-pitched scream of a performance engine pulled me away from my absurd musings.
James' blue and white Accord passed us doing the better part of twice the legal speed limit, and then flipped around with the distinctive squeal of overworked tires.
Alec veered up onto the road as I looked back to find that even as fast as he was running, the Accord was still gaining on us at a prodigious rate.
As the car pulled even with us, Alec smoothly reached over, pulled the passenger door open, pried me off of his back, and slid me into the front seat without losing even a single step.
If everything had happened at something approaching normal speed, I probably would've started hyperventilating, but it was all so quick my mind didn't have a chance to fully register what was going on before I was safely ensconced next to James.
Jasmin and Isaac appeared alongside the road, materializing where there'd only been trees a half-second before.
Faster than I would have believed possible, all three of the shape shifters piled into the moving car, and then James stomped on the gas hard enough to break triple digits before slowing slightly for the first turn.
The mirror on my side of the car was perfectly positioned for me to be able to see three or four flashes of tawny brown sliding through the trees before the winding road carried us out of sight.
Alec nodded as I looked back and met his eyes.
"They were pretty close.
There weren't that many of them, but they could've decided to push the issue regardless."
I spent the rest of the trip, expecting someone to jump out of the trees, but faster than I'd have believed possible, the wrought iron gates I'd noticed on our trip out last night were swinging open, and we were turning off onto Alec's asphalt lane.
A distinguished-looking gentleman in his fifties was waiting for us as we screeched to a stop.
His slightly disapproving frown hinted at decades of practice letting his 'bosses' know when they'd just crossed some kind of line, all the while never crossing any himself.
The shape shifters all exited the car, most before it had even stopped moving, and then Jessica and Dominic both appeared as I made my comparatively slow way out of the vehicle.
"...everyone's okay.
I was somewhat worried about taking so much of our strength away.
I'm glad it worked out."
Alec turned towards the older man as I made my hesitant way over to the group.
"Donovan, this is the young lady we hosted last night.
Adri, this is Donovan."
Feeling even more awkward than normal, I stuck out my hand, only to feel my eyes widen as he gracefully took my hand in his own, and bent down to brush his lips across it.
"My sincere apologies that we weren't better hosts.
Please let me know if there is anything you need to make your stay here more comfortable."
I stammered out a thanks as Donovan released my hand.
The rest of Alec's friends were already disappearing, Isaac and Jessica around back towards the garden, while James and Dominic were already inside his car, and backing down the lane.
Alec took my hand as Donovan opened the front door for us.
He walked with a definite limp, one that was all the more painful when contrasted against his otherwise graceful movements.
I looked questioningly at Alec, but he shook his head, so I stayed quiet as he led me into the house.
Rachel was waiting for us in a luxuriously-furnished sitting room.
"Mother's been asking for you, Alec.
I told her you'd be back soon, but she's worried."
"I suppose this is a good opportunity to introduce Adriana."
For the first time since I'd found out about Alec's secret, Rachel was looking uncertain.
She was suddenly the old Rachel I knew from school instead of the confident young woman who'd helped face down three terrifying shape shifters intent on sending me back to Brandon.
"Are you sure, Alec?
I could go help her get settled into the Lilac Room."
Alec's smile was gentle.
It reminded me of how Mom looked when I offered to take care of some especially undesirable duty she'd been procrastinating.
"No, Mother's still the mistress of this house.
We've waited too long as it is.
If we don't take care of it now it may be another week or two before we have a chance, and Donovan will be severely disappointed in both of us."
They were both smiling now, as if at some shared joke, but that didn't help defuse the sudden feeling of nervousness sweeping through me.
Rachel followed us down a series of corridors, and then waited as Alec knocked on a plain, oak door.
A half-second passed, and then responding to something too faint for me to hear, Alec gently opened the door.
A slightly tilted eyebrow seemed to ask Rachel if she wanted to come inside, but she shook her head, now with the slightest of quivers to her chin.
Whatever I was expecting from Alec and Rachel's reactions, I didn't get it.
The airy, sunlit room we walked into was almost like being outside.
There were a number of plants scattered about the space, some resting on the floor, others on a variety of slender stands.
The effect was ethereal.
It was hard to imagine that any of the spun-metal stands could support anything more substantial than a box of Kleenex.
It wasn't until we were further inside that I realized there was an entire alcove off to one side, almost completely dominated by a black grand piano.
The piano was so breathtaking it was several seconds before I realized there was someone sitting at it.
"Alec.
I'm so glad you're safe.
Rachel was going on and on about some kind of problem with the pack.
She's so excitable.
I told her everything would be fine, but she worries so.
Your dad was the same way.
Always going on and on about some crisis or another, but nothing ever really materialized."
Alec's mom was tiny.
It was easy to see where Rachel got her slight frame from, but there was more than just genetics at work.
I'd never seen someone with so little extra flesh on their bones, at least not outside a hospital.
It seemed she should be wearing a hospital gown instead of the white, flower-print summer dress I was almost sure cost more than my whole wardrobe.
"We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.
She'll be staying with us for the next few weeks."
I got a distracted smile.
"That's nice, dear.
You remind me so much of your father.
So serious and worried all the time.
Oh, how I miss him."
Alec let his mother take both of his hands in hers.
"I know you do, Mother.
Rachel and I miss him too."
Alec's mom tossed her head.
"You barely remember him.
Rachel's a good girl, but she was so young when he died.
She can't really miss him.
Not like I miss him."
For a second I thought he was going to argue with her.
His tired smile had the feel of resignation, of something that'd been well argued over the years.
"Will you play something for us, Mother?
Adriana hasn't had the pleasure of listening to your songs."
I'd rarely seen anyone change moods so quickly.
"No.
You know it isn't ready.
I'll tell you when I've perfected it.
Yes, you can bring Rachel, but I can't let anyone listen to it before it's ready."
Alec bowed his head in acquiescence, grasping my hand as he turned to leave.
His mother grabbed his arm before he could complete the motion.
He halted instantly, despite there being no way she was strong enough to stop him.
I doubted she had enough grip strength to slow even me down.
"Don't be angry with me, Alec.
You're all I have left."
"I'm not angry, Mother, but you're wrong.
You have much more left than just me."
She shook her head with a youthful smile.
"Such a good boy."
Rachel, tears coursing down her face, stormed off as Alec pulled his mother's door shut behind us.
I started to follow her, but Alec recaptured my hand in his.
"She just needs a little time.
Donovan will alert Jasmin."
My surprise must have bled through to my face.
Alec's smile had a tinge of sadness to it as he led me away.
"There's still a lot you don't know about all of the others.
There's much I could tell you about Jasmin, but it isn't my story to share.
Suffice it to say only Dominic has a greater capacity for empathy."
I wanted to ask what Alec meant, but it was more and more obvious he wasn't going to answer anything he didn't want to.
We walked in comfortable silence for several minutes before turning off into what I could only assume was the Lilac Room.
Donovan looked up as we entered the suite.
"I trust your mother was well, sir?"
Alec nodded, a short choppy motion that eloquently conveyed his desire not to discuss the matter.
He turned towards me, only to break off as a cell phone rang.
"It's for you, probably your mom.
Pretend you're home, I'll explain once you're finished."
I almost dropped the phone, and probably wouldn't have managed to figure out how to answer the call in time if he hadn't reached over and pushed the green button for me.
"Hello?"
"Adri, honey, are you sure this is a good idea?
I haven't gotten on the charter plane yet, there's still time to call this off if you're uneasy about being alone for so long."
The last place I wanted her right now was home though, so it was easier than normal to lie.
"Mom, this is the chance of a lifetime.
Don't worry about me, I'll be fine."
There was a long pause as her dreams warred with normal maternal instincts.
I could hear a plane start up in the background by the time she finally responded.
"Okay, honey.
If you're sure, then we'll do it, but if anything comes up just call me.
I'll keep my cell phone with me all the time, and I made them promise to fly me back no questions asked if it became necessary."
I stifled a laugh at the idea of Mom making a twelve-hour flight back to the US because I stubbed my toe, and instead tried to interject even more sincerity into my voice.
"I'll be fine, Mom.
I even promise to stay out of trouble.
Have a safe flight."
I stared at the cell phone for several seconds before looking up at Alec, who was just putting a cell phone that could have been the twin to the one I was holding away.
"You redirected our calls?"
"Correct.
That's what Isaac was doing in the kitchen after your mom left.
I thought it might come to this, so I had him bring along some of his toys.
You'll want to change the message sometime tonight, so you can let it roll to the voice mail if she calls while you're at school."
"You really do think of everything, don't you?"
His smile was surprisingly bashful.
"I don't think you can go that far, but I try to anticipate most eventualities."
The smile disappeared, and his face seemed to put on additional years.
"For most of my life, there's been quite a bit riding on my ability to do so."
Seeking to break the tension, I pointed to his phone.
"You got a call too?"
"Yes.
I'm afraid something has come up.
Will you be okay here for a few hours?"
Normal human response was to make a little white lie, but I got the feeling I wouldn't be able to get away with lying to Alec.
"I rather suspect whatever 'came up' is important enough I'll just have to be okay."
He flinched a little, like maybe my aim had been a little too true.
He looked for a moment like he was going to say something, but then his phone started vibrating again, and he simply nodded as he turned and walked away, moving much faster by himself than he did when I was with him.
As I stared at the empty space where he'd been standing just a second before, I felt my chest start to constrict, and my breathing speed up.
The sense of terror racing along my synapses was completely irrational, and extraordinarily powerful.
Just as the room began to spin crazily around me, I felt a gentle touch on my shoulder.
"Mistress Paige, is there anything I can get you?
Something to eat perhaps?
Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
Probably a pool and a gym too.
Along with a half-dozen other amenities I'd never think of, but that the ultra-rich simply couldn't do without.
I pulled my erratic, pointless thoughts back into a compact, nearly sensible ball, and shook my head as I did my best to give him a genuine smile.
"No thanks.
I probably won't be hungry for several hours still.
Is there a library in the house perhaps?"
Donovan's smile had a surprising touch of mischief to it.
"Actually, you could say that we have two.
In a manner of speaking."
I felt a more genuine smile working its way across my face.
"Could we go to one of them?
I really should be doing my homework, but I'd much rather just curl up with a good book."
Donovan picked up the cell phone that I, unsure whether or not it was really mine, had left on the bed, and handed it to me.
"I believe you'll want to keep this with you at all times.
Otherwise it won't be able to fulfill its assigned purpose.
And yes, we can most definitely go to one of the libraries.
In fact, I believe you'll find the smaller one quite satisfactory.
It has a copy of every textbook currently in use at your high school, in case you reconsider."
There were more turns than I had any hope of ever remembering, but eventually we made it to a familiar-looking door.
At a nod from Donovan I pushed it open, and then as the furnishings registered, I turned back around.
"This is Alec's room.
I couldn't possibly..." Donovan shook his head.
"Young Mr. Graves instructed that you were to have every convenience.
I'm sure that included access to what we all jokingly call the second library.
Besides, this is where you'll find the copies of all your textbooks."
It must have been obvious I wasn't convinced, but Donovan wasn't dissuaded.
He pointed to the cell phone, still grasped uncomfortably in my hand.
"In the event that you need something, it is likely you can just say my name and I'll hear you.
If not, that wonderfully infernal device is, I believe, programmed to call me if you hold down the number nine.
I am of course completely at your service."
I opened my mouth to protest, but moving much too quickly, even with his painful-looking limp, to be a normal human, he'd already vanished around the corner.
I stood awkwardly in the doorway for several minutes, but I couldn't resist the draw of all those books forever.
I finally broke down and started tracing various spines as I decided which one I'd start with.
Unfortunately I found the textbooks before I made a final decision, and then guilt over how poorly I was doing in Biology and Spanish won out.
I was halfway through my second re-read of my Biology chapter when I heard a quiet knock at the door.
Rachel giggled a little at my guilty start.
"Don't worry; it's just fine that you're here.
I ran into Donovan and he told me where to find you.
I just wanted to apologize for earlier."
I shook my head violently.
"No, you don't have anything to be sorry about.
It...well, it was all so horrid.
I can't imagine how hard it must be for you."
Rachel stopped me before I could say anything else.
"It's pretty rough, but not for the reasons you think.
Mom isn't entirely healthy.
Hasn't been since our father was killed.
It isn't really her fault she behaves the way she does.
When we humans get involved with shape shifters sometimes we pay a pretty serious price."
It took me several seconds to understand why Rachel's words seemed so odd.
Ever since learning Alec's secret I'd assumed everyone here was a shape shifter.
Only I hadn't ever felt the underlying hint of power and energy from her that I'd come to associate with Alec and the others.
"Wait, you're not a shape shifter?
How is that possible?"
Rachel's expression as she tried to understand my question was so surprised it actually managed to lighten the mood.
"Oh, I forget sometimes how much you don't know.
I'm normal, and Mom's normal, but everyone else is a shape shifter.
Human-shape shifter marriages almost never happen, but when they do the kids can go either way.
Alec became a shape shifter, and I'm just a run-of-the-mill girl without even a single superpower."
We sat in silence for several seconds as I tried to process how that new piece of information fit in with everything else I already knew.
The obvious, if somewhat selfish, implication was that maybe it really was possible for someone like Alec to want to be with someone like me.
There were plenty of other things to think about though.
"Wow, is that hard?
I mean living with people who can do all those things?"
Rachel's shrug was surprisingly sincere.
"It was a bit at first, especially right after Alec first started manifesting.
Okay, maybe I was crazy jealous then, and again a couple of years later when it became apparent I wasn't going to manifest anything, but I got over it."
My raised eyebrow was completely involuntary, and apparently more eloquent than I'd realized.
At least it earned me another laugh.
"It wasn't like it was easy or anything, but Donovan gave me some good advice when things were the worst.
I don't remember his exact words, but essentially it came down to the fact that there'll always be people who're better than me at something.
Even gaining super powers wouldn't change that.
What's important is that I do the best I can with what I've been given.
As crazy as it sounds, Alec's pack needs me."
I mentally reached around for something similar and then finally nodded.
"I guess I can understand that.
My mom would have a hard time functioning without me, so I try to do the best I can at taking care of her."
Rachel's smile lit the room up.
"That's it exactly.
Anyways, I mostly just wanted to stop by and see if us girls can take you shopping tomorrow."
The non sequitur really threw me for a loop.
"I left my money at home.
I'm not much of a shopper anyways."
That last part sounded pretty weak even to me.
"Don't be silly.
Alec hustled you out of your house so quickly you didn't get to bring anything but the clothes on your back.
Jasmin's clothes will fit you pretty well, but that's only a short-term solution.
We need to get you stuff to wear, and since it was Alec who created this mess, it's only fair he be the one to pay."
I was absolutely sure there was no way I was ever going to fit into anything Jasmin owned, but girls being girls, there was no point in protesting.
Regardless of the truth, Rachel would be obliged to say I was just as skinny as Jasmin.
"I don't think Alec exactly got me into all of this.
It was more like my own stupidity that landed me in this particular batch of trouble."
"Please, as if any girl who didn't know what a jerk Brandon was would've done anything different.
He's gorgeous.
It isn't until you realize just how hollow he is that anyone has a chance of resisting him."
There wasn't really any response to that.
"So, what's going to happen now?
I mean with Brandon's pack?
Everyone seemed really worried last night."
"I'm not sure.
Not really.
It won't be straightforward; nothing involving Brandon ever is.
His pack is bigger, but we've always had the laws on our side before this..." Rachel broke off as my eyes got bigger.
"Sorry, that's touching on some of the things I'm not supposed to tell you."
I shrugged, pretending indifference.
"How soon will we know if it's really bad or just a little bad?"
"I don't know.
Things were already pretty tense.
That's probably where Alec is right now actually.
Brandon's people are always skirting around the edge of our territory, but tonight they'll be out in greater numbers than normal.
If things don't boil over now, it's pretty much guaranteed that there will be some kind of confrontation Monday at school."
The word confrontation reached out and grabbed me.
It took a second before I realized it was dragging up memories of the near-fight between Alec and half his pack.
"What happened last night...it was for real, wasn't it?"
Rachel didn't ask what I meant; she didn't even bat an eye.
"I'm afraid so.
Don't hate the others too much.
Sometimes when you're that scared it's hard to keep things in perspective.
Now that they've calmed down a little nobody would really trade you to Brandon on the tiny chance it might smooth things over.
Not when we'll eventually end up in exactly the same spot."
"It felt kind of like a game of capture the flag, with me as the flag."
It wasn't the most flattering comparison ever invented, but at least it allowed me to try and convince myself I'd imagined the near-violence.
Rachel's laugh was short and bitter.
"That would be quite the understatement.
I've known all five of them for quite a while.
Most of them my whole life.
Even so, I don't really know what it's like to be a shape shifter.
Most of the time it just means they're faster and stronger than me.
That they can heal from things that would kill me almost instantly.
Sometimes though, the other side of their nature shows through."
I felt my heart speed up as Rachel met my eyes with more gravity even than normal.
"They aren't always completely in control, Adri.
They try, and some of them are really good.
Alec is probably the most controlled person I've ever met, and Isaac is so disciplined he's almost immune to the power plays.
Even so, sometimes it's like they operate on a shorter fuse than the rest of us."
My throat was so dry it took me two attempts to clear it.
"Could Alec have won?"
The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.
It felt disloyal to Alec but I had to know.
"I don't know.
Individually Alec could take any of them.
There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.
James is a hybrid too.
He isn't even second in the pack because Isaac is a better fighter than him, but he makes for a strong third.
Jasmin is essentially fourth, although sometimes she gets away with bossing James and even Isaac around.
Apparently she's a lot tougher than a normal wolf should be, and she's just crazy enough to fight to the death over something that the other two don't think is really all that important.
Jessica is pretty much the most submissive, not by temperament, but because she's the weakest fighter we've got."
I felt my eyes go wide at all the new terms, but kept my mouth shut because I was worried Rachel would clam up if I started asking questions.
"I'm pretty sure Alec could take two of them, but not all three.
They knew that, which was part of the reason they were pushing so hard."
I felt shivers crawl up my spine, but what could someone say after something like that?
Rachel reached over and gave me a hug.
"Try not to think about it too much.
Just remember that Alec's dominant to everyone here, and he'd die for either of us without even a heartbeat's worth of hesitation."
After Rachel left I spent the next hour trying to get comfortable in Alec's desk chair.
It was likely the discomfort was more due to the subject matter than the chair, but I just couldn't get comfortable.
I finally moved my books over to the bed and sprawled out on it.
Spanish, Math, History, Biology, English.
The subjects all blurred together as the hours passed by in a blur of academic exhaustion.
I wanted to go to sleep long before dark, but couldn't justify it, so I just kept grinding along.
I'd long ago learned that changing subjects and studying something new was almost as good as a break, so I swapped out books on a regular basis, and persevered despite increasingly-frequent head bobs.
The attack came as a complete surprise.
One moment I was quietly studying, an instant later hordes of shape shifters were pouring into the mansion.
Most of them looked just like Simon and Nathanial, pony-sized wolves moving with blinding speed as they tore through doors and raced down halls.
Brandon came in immediately behind the first batch of wolves.
There was no way I could've known that the gray monster who casually sliced through walls and two-by-fours with his wickedly curved claws was Brandon, but I was somehow certain.
He was built just like Alec had been Friday night, only so much bigger that he had to crouch forward to avoid hitting his head on the unusually high ceilings.
Donovan faced off against one of the first wolves, but it was obvious he was no match for the grace and power of his opponent.
The gentle, aging butler was knocked to the ground between one heartbeat and the next.
I was mercifully spared from seeing the wreckage left when Brandon's wolves moved on, but there was no doubt in my mind that Donovan was dead.
Screams, distant enough that they had to be coming from the other wing of the house, reached out and pierced my heart.
There wasn't any way to be sure whether or not it was Rachel or her mother, but ultimately it didn't really matter.
Brandon was going to kill all of us.
Another door caved in under a blow from Brandon's fist, and I suddenly realized that he was now standing in the Lilac Room.
"Spread out and find her."
The words were nearly unintelligible, coming as they did from a throat that shared little in common with Homo sapiens, but the venom behind them was unmistakable.
I fled the bed where I'd been studying, and hid in Alec's studio, but I could hear them getting closer, the dissident melody of growls, howls, and destruction growing stronger as they rampaged through the house.
Terror stretched time out, but even so it felt as though only seconds had passed before I felt Brandon enter Alec's suite.
I crouched frozen on the floor as my death crept ever closer.
As Brandon crashed through the studio's far wall in an explosion of plaster and lumber, I tried to shield my eyes, only to find that I couldn't move.
The incongruity of being restrained when I couldn't see anything constraining my movements was enough to finally snap me back to wakefulness, but it was still several seconds before I stopped thrashing and realized it'd just been an extraordinarily terrifying nightmare.
As soon as I stopped moving, the iron band around my arms relaxed and slipped away.
"Are you okay?
I'm sorry about that, I was afraid you were going to hurt yourself."
Alec's even tones caressed me like a calming breeze.
I finally oriented myself enough to realize that the warm, solid surface my back was resting against wasn't a wall.
"I'm sorry.
It was a nightmare."
My voice came out raw and scratchy, like I'd been talking for hours, or possibly just screaming for the last minute or so.
I wanted to tell him about what had happened, but now that I was awake my fears felt foolish.
I tried to distract myself by looking around, and then felt my face heat up as I realized I'd fallen asleep in Alec's room.
"I'm so sorry, Alec.
Donovan and Rachel told me you had copies of our textbooks in here.
I was studying and must have fallen asleep.
Please don't think..." I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes, but there wasn't any way to tell whether they were attributable to simple terror, acute embarrassment, or a combination of the two.
Alec's arm was back, and he gently hugged me against his chest.
"It was all just a dream, and you don't have anything to be sorry about.
I don't mind you being here.
I'm sorry I had to leave you alone for so long, it was inexcusable."
I wanted to say something, wanted to tell Alec he didn't need to worry about me, that I'd spent enough time by myself lately to be happy with my own company, but the words wouldn't come out.
The sheer pleasure at having him hold me so close was like a drug.
I could feel the pleasant, tingly sensation I'd started associating with his touch, and it was like the best full-body massage, tied up with chocolate and reading a classic.
Unaware of my mild state of euphoria, Alec continued on.
"Actually, I owe you another apology.
When I returned and found you here I meant to carry you to your room.
I was only going to sit down for a second, but apparently I was more exhausted than I realized.
I hope you don't think my actions are inappropriate."
I managed to slowly shake my head no, despite my lassitude.
Alec waited several seconds, and then sighed.
"Well, I suppose I'd better get you off to bed."
The words initially didn't mean anything to me.
I heard them, but my mind refused to assign meanings to the sounds.
It wasn't until he'd moved his arm and rolled out of bed with his characteristic speed and grace that I finally realized he meant to take me to the Lilac Room and then return here to sleep.
I suddenly had a hard time breathing.
The idea of lying alone in the dark, in the very room I'd just seen Brandon demolish, sent my heart into an erratic rhythm.
If there'd been an EMT present they'd have already been charging up the defibrillator.
Alec turned around while I was still trying to get my throat to work again.
"You stopped breathing.
What's wrong?"
The tears his touch had dried up a few seconds before were back, and just seconds away from escaping the corners of my eyes by the time I finally pulled myself up onto my knees and managed to speak.
"Please don't send me there.
Not after my dream."
There was just enough moonlight trickling into the room for me to see his expression change.
My stomach seemed to reach up and wrap itself around my heart as I realized it was the expression he used when it was important to him that people not know what he was thinking.
"I'm not sure that's the best idea."
The tears finally made their escape as I crumpled back onto the bed.
"You're right.
I'm so sorry to be such a bother."
The words were broken by gasping sobs, but they were understandable, if only just barely.
Alec's hand on my shoulder just made me try to roll away.
I didn't want his pity.
Not after everything else he'd already done for me.
Guilting him into helping me more just felt wrong.
He captured me in his iron grip, stopping me from getting up and running away.
"Adriana Paige, it isn't that I don't want to be with you.
I want it more than anything else right now.
That's why I'm not sure it's such a good idea."
His face had somehow gotten so close to mine that I could see his eyes, and they were dead serious.
I'd never noticed how clear his eyes were.
They were the purest blue I'd ever seen, and looking into them was like trying to plumb the depths of a bottomless spring.
I could see further into him than I ever could with Brandon, and there wasn't any deception there.
I nodded, and then buried my face against his chest as I cried myself out.
It was several minutes before I was able to speak again.
"You're so ready to send me away it's hard to believe sometimes that you really want me here."
Alec stroked the side of my face, ending by tucking a strand of hair back in place behind my ear.
"I really want nothing as badly as I want you here.
If I were to be completely selfish I'd never have even made the offer, but that wouldn't have been fair to you."
I snuggled closer to him.
"Well, I just want to log my vote for you to be more selfish."
Alec's dry chuckle hinted at old hurts.
"According to my father, we shape shifters were created specifically for the purpose of not being selfish, of watching out for the dayborn even at the expense of our own desires."
"You miss your dad.
I can tell it in your voice."
His shrug would've been imperceptible except for the fact his arms were still wrapped around me.
"I do.
I don't really remember him, but I've read through his journals dozens of times.
It seems crazy to miss what you never knew, but there are days when I really wish he were still around to give me advice.
I think that's what I missed the most.
That and his stories."
I smiled.
"That sounds nice.
We never got stories at my house.
Dad played with us plenty, but bedtime was bedtime."
"Donovan said Dad used to tell me stories every night.
After Dad died Donovan took over telling them to both Rachel and me.
It wasn't until after I grew up that I found out they were legends about where we came from.
That we weren't normal like everyone else."
"Like the...dayborn?
What did you mean earlier?"
Alec was quiet for so long that I thought maybe he wasn't going to answer.
"That touches on the things you shouldn't know."
"Please.
It will help me go to sleep.
I need something else to think about."
It was a bit of a white lie.
As soon as he'd touched me everything else ceased to matter.
"Once upon a time the Sun and the Earth loved each other.
So much so that the Sun sent her children down to live upon the Earth's face."
I was relaxing so quickly that I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to stay awake, but his story was already different than any other I'd heard, and I resolved I wasn't going to miss any of it.
As long as he was willing to talk I was going to fight off sleep.
"Something happened though to break the bonds between the Sun and the Earth.
Some say the Earth insulted the Sun, who is incredibly vain.
Others believe the Sun's children marred the face of the Earth, and that when she refused to discipline her wayward family, the Earth swore in his wrath to destroy them."
Alec adjusted his pillow and continued.
"Whatever the cause, it's commonly held that this was the point at which the Earth ceased to be a paradise.
Bountiful gardens were replaced by weeds and thorns.
Hurt and betrayed, the Sun distanced herself from the Earth, lessening the number of life-giving rays warming his surface.
Possibly that was his plan.
If she'd totally abandoned him then her children would've all died."
I felt my eyelids begin to flutter, as my breathing slowed to match Alec's.
"Whether that was his intent or not, the Sun didn't completely abandon him, either out of respect for what they'd shared, or possibly out of concern for her children.
Once it became apparent that the Earth and Sun were through with each other, the Moon began to court her.
Doomed to touch only briefly during the rare solar eclipses, they nevertheless became beloved, one to the other.
The greatest sign of the Moon's devotion to the Sun came about when he sent his children down to the Earth to watch over and protect the sunborn, or dayborn as they are most often called."
Alec's pause was long enough that I think I nodded off, but the sound of his voice once he resumed talking pulled me back awake.
"Originally there were just two of the moonborn, a pair of brothers called Adjam and Inock.
Unbeknown to the Moon, the Earth had anticipated his great gesture of love, and sent forth a plague upon the land.
As Adjam, the elder of the brothers, descended from the heavens and touched down upon the Earth, he collapsed to the ground in pain.
Despite his agony as the very bones of his body rearranged themselves, he managed to call out a warning to Inock, to flee back to the Moon.
The love of Inock for Adjam was so great that he rushed to his brother's side, where he too fell victim to the Earth's plague."
I wanted so very badly to remain awake, but wrapped comfortably in the warmth of Alec's arms, I couldn't fight off exhaustion any longer, and I felt myself drift off into dreams of two brothers who survived the plague, rising from the ground after seven days, one a wolf, the other a jaguar.
Chapter 24 I'd been awake for several minutes before I finally remembered where I was.
I rolled over, opened my eyes, groaning when I saw that the other side of the bed was empty.
Who knew what Alec thought.
He'd obviously fled his own room to avoid talking to me when I finally woke up.
Donovan's gentle knock and appearance at the door pulled me up short before I could really get going on the self-loathing.
"Good morning Mistress Paige, I hope you slept well."
He limped into the room with his odd, somehow graceful lurch, and then set down a tray filled with eggs, French toast, orange juice and everything else you'd expect if you were to go to IHOP and order their 'everything but the kitchen sink' special.
While I was still trying to catalog everything on the tray, Donovan laid out a full set of clothes, everything either in unopened manufacturer's plastic bags, or with price tags still attached.
"Mistress Rachel thought you might desire a change of clothes seeing as how Master Alec carried you off without providing proper time for you to pack your things.
I pray though that you not think too harshly of him.
It was he who prepared your breakfast.
A small act of atonement, but still a start nonetheless."
It was all so surprising that it took me a moment to find my voice.
"Thank you, Donovan.
Have I slept in too long?"
A gentle smile met my inquiry.
"Those of us who don't require normal amounts of sleep have all been up for quite some time, with the exception of Master Alec, who remained abed for an uncharacteristic length of time, but the rest of the house is just now waking.
In fact I rather suspect you have just enough time to shower and eat before Mistress Rachel will be pounding on the door, as it were, in excitement for your upcoming trip into town."
A groan escaped me despite my best efforts.
Donovan was too polite to ask outright, but I had to respond to his raised eyebrow or he might think I didn't want to talk to Rachel.
"I'm sorry, Donovan, it's just that I really hate shopping."
"Ah, yes.
Might I suggest that possibly is due to the fact you've never pursued the activity in the right company?"
** Right company indeed.
I'd expected it would just be Rachel and I, and that we'd make a quick run in to Sanctuary, which seemed silly seeing as how my house was just as close as town was.
I was wrong on both accounts.
The company, as Donovan had dubbed it, also included Dominic and Jasmin.
Dominic had smiled shyly in my direction as we'd climbed into an ostentatious black Mercedes.
Jasmin just looked like she'd rather be anywhere than on babysitting duty.
Rachel had explained that Alec didn't want us delicate, fragile girls traveling alone, so he'd assigned us bodyguards, who happened to also be female and delicate-looking, but who weren't nearly as fragile.
Also, it turned out we weren't going to Sanctuary, or St. George, or even anywhere in Utah, a fact I didn't realize until we'd been on the road for twenty minutes.
"Oh, Adri, don't be silly.
You can't do real shopping in Sanctuary.
Besides, Alec wouldn't have let the four of us go alone if we'd been planning on staying so close to Brandon's territory.
Vegas was definitely the best option given the time restrictions we're under."
I'd settled in for a long trip, only to realize as we crossed the state line that Jasmin was positively shattering the speed limit.
I managed to limit myself to a single gulp, when I saw just how fast she was going, but everyone else was so relaxed that I finally managed to unclench my fists and join back in the conversation.
It helped that the Mercedes was so smooth, and that I knew Jasmin had reflexes and reaction time that would've made any Indy racer insanely jealous.
Apparently there wasn't a single cop on duty, because we made it into downtown Vegas in what I was sure was record time.
It had to be.
Jasmin hadn't dropped below triple digits until we were less then fifteen minutes from exiting the interstate.
It wasn't until we hit the first store that I started to get an idea of what Donovan had been hinting at.
The shyness Rachel normally exhibited at school was replaced by supreme confidence the moment we crossed the threshold of the first store.
Armani, Versace, Prada, we conducted a tour de force of them all along with others whose names I didn't even recognize.
The shopping trip was ostensibly for me, but Rachel cajoled both Jasmin and Dominic into dressing rooms on more than one occasion.
Amazingly enough, everything she picked out for them fit so perfectly that I began to agree with them that there wasn't much point in even trying anything on.
The first store we stopped at didn't take us seriously until Rachel pulled out a black American Express, after which every sales person in the entire place lined up to assist us.
Once we each sported a bag or two from some ridiculously over-priced store, things went much more smoothly.
I tried on a variety of jeans, blouses, shirts, skirts, dresses, and just about every other article of clothing imaginable.
I drew the line at a swimsuit, since there was no way on earth I'd ever wear one, and then felt so bad at how crushed Rachel was that I let her drag me into a store full of formals.
It was a mistake because I soon found myself being zipped into a delicate, green dress that I was absolutely positive wasn't going to survive the experience of trying to wrap itself around me.
"Oh, it's perfect, Adri.
We have to get it."
I avoided looking at the mirror.
It seemed like a crime to defile such a pretty dress, and I wanted to remember it like it had looked on the hanger, all shimmery and wispy.
I did risk a look down at the price tag.
My heart actually skipped a beat.
That was more than some people spent on their first car.
"Rachel, you've already bought me way too much.
I can't let you get this.
Not only will I never wear it, you could practically feed small countries with what you'd have to pay for all this."
She started to pout, but I'd already been taken by that tactic once today, and caving in had just landed me in deeper trouble.
"I'm serious, Rachel; we are not walking out of the store with this dress.
You can throw a temper tantrum if you want, but I'm not giving in."
Rachel glared at me for several seconds, and then suddenly smiled.
"Okay, Adri.
I mean I was just trying to do something nice for you, but if you're going to be like that, we'll leave it here."
Her grin didn't engender trust, but when I opened my mouth to call her on it, she forestalled me with an upraised hand.
"I swear.
We'll go home and leave the dress here."
The pout came back out for a moment.
"But, if you're not going to let me buy this for you, I'm going to need to compensate by buying something for Jasmin."
Rachel flounced off, followed by a frowning Jasmin, leaving Dominic to help me out of the straitjacket I was currently using as a dress.
Chapter 25 I slowly stretched, and then turned over and smiled when I found Alec lying on top of the covers.
"Good morning, beautiful."
As always, his voice sent shivers down my spine.
By the time we'd arrived home, it was ridiculously late, and I'd barely managed to stay awake long enough to bolt down a little dinner after Donovan had helped us unload our haul.
I'd then done the single most gutsy thing of my entire existence.
I'd quietly followed Alec back to his room and then asked if I could sleep there again.
He'd given me another of those long looks that seemed to say he thought it was a bad idea, but that he couldn't bring himself to deny my request.
Not with everything else he couldn't do for me.
"Please, I must look horrid.
If you'd known I could look this bad, you'd never have bothered saving me from Simon and Nathanial."
Alec cocked his head to the side, as if trying to decide how to respond to my half-serious jest.
"Actually I was completely serious.
You are beautiful."
I waited for the inevitable joke, or backhanded compliment to follow, but he seemed happy to just stop there.
For once in my life I managed to be smart and do the same.
"So what's the agenda for today?"
Alec stretched and then shrugged.
"School, just like every Monday."
My groan brought a smile to his face.
"I can ship pesky parents out of the country, but if you start a wholesale program of cutting class your mom will find out when she gets back."
"So I just go about my day like normal, pretending like I don't know Brandon's a psychopath who just happens to be able to change shapes at will and rip big holes in brick walls?"
I finally rolled out of bed, and started picking through the pile of bags from our shopping trip, hoping to find something that wouldn't make it look like I'd just won the lottery or robbed a bank.
"Now you know how Rachel feels.
I'm afraid that with only a couple of differences, it'll be business as usual."
I finally settled on a white button-up, and headed to the bathroom so I could change.
"So are you going to tell me what the differences are, or is that part of the stuff I'm not allowed to know?"
Alec's chuckle was muffled by the closed door, but still brought a smile to my face.
"The biggest difference will be that we're going to have to shuffle some class schedules to make sure Brandon and his pack don't have access to you or Rachel.
Everything else is just kind of a corollary to that.
At least one pack member will need to be with you whenever you leave the house."
I spit out the toothpaste currently prohibiting me from being able to respond, and swung the door open.
"Alec, it's the middle of the semester.
We can't just walk into the office and tell them we want to change our schedules.
It doesn't work that way."
** After seeing Vincent's 'accident', and knowing he'd probably been trying to kill or at least seriously injure Ben just for the fun of it, I couldn't really argue with Alec.
Rachel seemed relatively unfazed by the idea of bodyguards, but I wasn't especially excited about yet another point of difference between me and everyone else.
Still, school was both better and worse than expected.
As Alec had intimated, the day started out with a trip to the office.
Not just me, not even just me and Alec.
The entire pack trooped into the room, filling it with impeccably dressed, mostly gorgeous, shape shifters, who gave off a perceptible tingle of energy if you knew what to look for.
I'd really thought Alec was tilting at windmills right up until he politely, but firmly asked for a brief meeting with the principal and was ushered into the other man's office five seconds later.
Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.
Fifteen minutes later, after the unmistakable feeling of Alec's power had crested to the point where it almost felt like there was a breeze blowing from the office, we were all sitting down with the bewildered school counselor and playing musical classes.
Only it turned out Rachel and I were the only ones not changing our schedules.
I started to protest being treated differently than everyone else, only to feel my mouth click shut as Rachel shook her head at me.
It wasn't until Alec was walking me to Biology that I finally got an explanation.
"You and Rachel are the ones who need the most sleep, ergo you don't change classes."
"That's crazy."
I would've stopped.
You can't really have a good disagreement while you're walking down the hall, but we happened to be holding hands, which he used to keep me moving along.
And here I'd been so excited back in the councilor's office when he'd taken my hand.
"It's not crazy.
Everyone who swaps classes is going to be doing double homework for the duration.
Assignments for their old class, which they presumably still want to get credit for, and assignments for the new class so as not to make any more waves than necessary with their temporary teacher.
It only makes sense to place that burden on the ones who can most easily deal with it."
That last part had been said in a near whisper, due to the fact that we were right outside Mrs. Sorenson's class.
Everything he was saying made sense, but didn't resolve the real reason I was so worried.
"I can help.
I could switch at least one class and still keep up."
Alec shook his head.
"Adriana, you're struggling in two classes already.
How do you propose to handle yet another set of homework?"
I felt my mouth slam shut.
He knew everything about everyone, but it still somehow caught me by surprise that he knew so much about me.
"But they'll hate me even more."
I already wished I could take it back, but it was too late.
It took less than half a second for him to figure out who I was talking about.
"They don't hate you.
A few of them are scared almost senseless, but nobody hates you."
"They were willing to kill me.
They wanted to trade me back to Brandon."
It came out as something less than a whisper, but apparently Alec's hearing was acute enough to catch that too.
Alec drew me close, heedless of the open door and the twenty staring kids.
He placed the side of his face against mine and whispered into my ear.
"I'm not going to let anything happen to you.
If there's a way to keep you safe I'll find it."
The feel of his breath caressing my cheek sent tingles racing through my entire body, but even that couldn't completely reassure me.
Still, I gave it my best effort, and if my smile wasn't entirely convincing, it was at least good enough to temporarily reassure Alec.
I followed him into class, pausing while he handed his note to Mrs. Sorenson.
It was almost worth all of the craziness and exhaustion of the last seventy-two hours to see her eyebrows rise in astonishment as she read the innocuous piece of paper essentially giving Alec carte blanche in her classroom.
"This is highly irregular, Mr. Graves.
In fact I don't believe the administration can legitimately expect me to comply."
Alec's smile could have been used to sweeten pretty much any beverage you could imagine.
"I promise not to get in the way.
In fact if you could just find us a couple of desks in the back corner you'll hardly know we're here."
The look she shot me was so venomous for a second I thought my heart was going to stop.
"Ms. Paige has an assigned seat towards the front of the class.
Based on her scholastic performance to date it would be highly irresponsible of me as an educator to allow her to change seats."
I was just far enough off to the side to watch as Alec's eyes very slowly and pointedly drifted down to stare at the note in her hands.
For a second I wasn't sure she'd gotten the hint, but then those same hands clenched reflexively, nearly tearing the note before she caught herself and smoothed it back out.
"Ms. Bellarose, please move up to Ms. Paige's old seat."
Alec politely collected his note and led me to our seats.
Any enjoyment I'd just experienced as a result of seeing one of my least-favorite teachers put in her place quickly soured as she started the class and launched into her usual barrage of questions designed to demonstrate my stupidity.
Alec had apparently gotten under her skin even more than I'd realized.
She abandoned her usual practice of stopping once I missed my first question, and instead continued to grill me, her smile growing each time I failed to answer something correctly.
My earlier commitment to rededicate myself to school notwithstanding, the weekend hadn't exactly been conducive to mastering the intricacies of our latest subject.
Her smile was wide indeed by the time the bell finally released me to flee in defeat and embarrassment.
Alec paced me all the way back to my locker.
"Is that normal for her?"
I started to laugh, only to cut the motion short as I realized there was a better than even chance I'd end up crying instead.
I settled for just nodding as I swapped books and slammed my locker shut.
Alec pursed his lips for a second and then nodded, not at me, but at whatever decision he'd just made.
"We'd better get you to your next class.
Dealing with that will have to wait until later."
I wanted to ask what he meant, but the halls were already full of other students, and I was pretty sure he'd tell me when he was ready and not a moment sooner anyways.
With a sigh, I followed him into the crowd.
A few minutes later I'd been handed off to my next babysitter, James this time, and was safely ensconced in Mr. Whethers' class.
Mr. Whethers looked more than a little confused after reading James' note, but he simply added James' name to his roll, and then absently waved the two of us towards seats.
I would've enjoyed English if not for the wildfire buzz created by my little scene with Alec outside of Biology.
Mr. Whethers repeatedly asked various clumps of giggling and or staring girls to be quiet, but his efforts were largely wasted.
As time went on the speculation grew both wilder and louder rather than petering out as any normal person would've expected.
The former was probably due to an almost complete lack of anything resembling actual fact.
The volume was no doubt designed to see if they could draw a reaction out of me and thereby figure out how I'd gone from dating one of the two most popular boys in school to dating the other one in the space of just one weekend.
The prevailing opinion among the popular girls off to the left was that I was the biggest slut ever.
The equally vindictive but more scholastically minded group in front of us was convinced I was just playing with Alec in an attempt to make Brandon jealous.
It was all so far off that part of me wanted to laugh.
I couldn't care less if Brandon was jealous, and Alec hadn't even kissed me yet.
Even so, hearing my name said with such disdain by so many different people took its toll over the course of the class, and before long I was once again fighting the urge to break down and cry.
Luckily by the end of the class, Mr. Whethers had become so frustrated with the complete lack of attention being paid him by the gossipers, he'd actually started writing them up for detention.
As class finally ended, James cracked one of the first smiles I'd ever seen grace his face.
"Wow.
I never would've thought anyone could push old Whethers so far.
He just set a school record for the most detentions assigned in a single class."
With James' considerable frame opening a route through the crowded hallway, it took almost no time to make it to my locker.
Jasmin was waiting for me, and if she didn't exactly look overwhelmed with joy, she at least wasn't scowling.
We were just outside Mrs. Campbell's class when a muted hiss from Jasmin alerted me to impending danger.
I didn't realize what was happening until I felt the rising tingle of energy wash over me.
It was both warmer and weaker than normal, and for the first time I realized that Jasmin's power was different than what I'd felt from Alec.
It arced back and forth between us with a fury that jolted me all the way down to the soles of my feet as Vincent and Cassie came into sight.
The answering surges of power from the two rival shape shifters made my hair stand on end as Jasmin shoved me into the classroom, moving with only slightly more than human speed.
I probably should have cleared out of the way, but despite there being nothing I could do to help Jasmin if it came to an open fight, I wasn't going to abandon her.
As Vincent and Cassie got closer, something about them seemed off.
It is amazing how the mind focuses in on minutia when things get really scary, but I couldn't think of anything else until I realized it was their eyes.
Cassie's had gone a pale, unearthly green, while Vincent's had deepened into a near black.
If eyes really were the windows to the soul, he'd become so twisted and warped there wasn't much left that could truly be considered human.
The halls had emptied remarkably fast, especially considering how much gossip there was for the rumor mill.
It was almost like some primitive survival instinct had kicked in and steered everyone away from ground zero.
With the two of them so much closer, I could feel their energy beating at Jasmin and me.
It was all I could do now to remain motionless as they entered what even I knew was striking range of Jasmin.
"Awfully exposed out here, aren't you, precious?"
Vincent's voice was a low, unnatural thing, pitched so it was just barely audible for humans.
Cassie's expression made my stomach tighten up and my gorge rise.
It wasn't right for a girl to look at another girl like that.
Like she couldn't wait to watch Vincent do all kinds of terrible things.
"Payback sucks, doesn't it?"
Jasmin's complete stillness was an eerie counterpoint to the waves of power still beating at me.
I somehow knew she was just seconds away from springing when the sound of running footsteps caused all three to turn.
Alec appeared around the corner, followed by Isaac, just a split second before Brandon sauntered into view from the opposite direction.
The tingly feeling grew exponentially more powerful with so many more shape shifters present.
Rubbing my arms did nothing to ward off the feeling that entire colonies of insects were skittering across my skin.
Mr. Rindell's appearance forestalled what I'd been sure would turn into a full-blown fight.
He sized up the situation with the canny eye of an educator who'd seen more fights over his career than most gang leaders.
"Class is about to start, and if every one of you isn't where you're supposed to be before the bell rings, you'll have detention for the next month."
Vincent's hiss was still almost inaudible.
"This isn't over."
I felt my knees almost collapse as the two packs slowly backed away from each other, and Jasmin joined me inside the classroom.
Mrs. Campbell gave the two of us a considering look after reading Jasmin's note, but sent us off to a pair of empty seats at the back of the classroom without comment.
We were starting a new unit, but I couldn't concentrate on the lecture.
Alec's unshakable calm over the last few days had mostly convinced me the other members of his pack had been overreacting.
Somehow I'd come to believe the coming dispute with Brandon's pack would be resolved as easily as a normal teenage dispute.
After experiencing such intense, barely restrained violence, I was starting to see just how ludicrous that'd been.
People had already died over what was going on here.
It hadn't been real, either because I hadn't examined Simon and Nathanial's lifeless bodies, or maybe because I was repressing the experience like I'd done with so many other parts of my life lately.
I could feel my mind trying to shut down, hoping to cushion me from the worst implications of what was coming.
I knew it was going to be bad, could feel it in a sickening, only-seconds-away-from-vomiting kind of way, but couldn't follow the chain of logic through to the very end.
I let Jasmin help me pull my books together, and then numbly followed her out to the hallway.
Alec and the rest of the pack were waiting for us at my locker.
Jasmin calmly opened my locker and put my things away while I was still trying to come to terms with everything.
Alec took my hand.
"Are you okay?"
I shook my head.
"This is going to be really bad, isn't it?"
His silence validated my belief, probably even more than he realized.
"I'd...we'd...spare you it if we could."
It was my turn to shake my head.
"No, this is my fault.
I belong here, not cowering in a corner somewhere."
Rachel hugged me from one side while Dominic placed a gentle, dark hand on my other shoulder, and then we were off.
Brandon, and what must have amounted to his entire pack, were waiting for us just off school property.
The two leaders faced off as everyone else fanned out around them.
Jasmin, Isaac, and the others all maintained calm exteriors that were markedly different than the eager, often sadistic expressions of Brandon's people.
"I demand satisfaction on behalf of my pack for the two of our number that you brutally murdered.
This is within my rights under the laws that bind us.
I demand two lives for the two lives robbed me."
Brandon's expression was confident and a little smug, and I somehow didn't doubt in the slightest that he'd expected Alec to calmly hand over two people to be executed.
Alec hadn't even flinched at the demand.
"Your wolves were lawbreakers who were executed before they could break further laws.
The protection of the people, of the secrets that guard our nature from the dayborn, represents a law that supersedes any question of territory or dominance."
The energy suddenly rolling off of the gathered shape shifters nearly drove me to my knees as Alec continued.
"By their actions Adriana Paige learned of our nature, and it was only by the grace of the Maker that I was able to stop them from killing her.
Their deaths were an unavoidable price to save an innocent."
Some of the faces across the circle from me flinched a little, and I had a moment to wonder if Brandon hadn't told them the truth about what'd happened.
"Her life belonged to me, it was mine to dispose of as I saw fit."
I opened my mouth to protest, but closed it at a sharp jab in the ribs from Rachel.
"The ancient laws don't support her life being a disposable commodity, extinguished at your whim.
Not even the bond of Ja'tell provides you with that right."
Brandon's grin was wider even than before.
"Ah, but those aren't the laws under which we labor now, are they?
She's mine, and I have every right to do whatever I wish to her.
Her presence among your pack is a direct affront to my rights and honor.
I could demand your life, be glad I'm only requiring two of your pack."
Alec shook his head, face more emotionless than even a second before.
"By the same laws set down by Adjam and Inock when they first took mates from among the dayborn, I challenge your bond of Ja'tell.
I challenge your standing among the people, and your personal honor.
The dispute between us is such as can only be settled by blood."
For a brief second it seemed Brandon had been taken by surprise, but he regained his equilibrium while I was still trying to understand what was being said.
He closed the distance between himself and Alec with such quickness that for a second I thought they were going to fight then and there.
For the first time I realized just how much bigger Brandon was than Alec.
I'd never seen them so close together.
They were so careful not to cross paths, it was possible this was a true first, but seeing them now there was no way to get around the fact that Brandon was at least two inches taller, as well as being broader and more muscular.
I'd seen Alec shirtless, and he had the incredible physique of a swimsuit model, but Brandon's was that of a professional body builder.
Either of them dwarfed me, but Brandon gave off an air of menace that even Alec's controlled power couldn't offset.
Brandon's next few words came out in a low growl that I couldn't make out, and then he slowly backed away from Alec before he and the rest of his pack disappeared from sight.
I finished processing everything about the time Alec turned and walked back.
I opened my mouth to protest, but he shook his head at me as we all fell into formation around him.
From what little I knew about Alec's pack, it wasn't uncommon for them to spend time together without the kind of chest-beating byplay that was so much a part of Brandon's group, but our lunch table was even more subdued than I'd expected.
Faced with an almost complete lack of conversation, I didn't have the courage to ask some of the questions on my mind.
It wasn't until I'd followed Isaac to my history class that I finally worked up the nerve to find out more of what was going on.
Once the substitute had called roll, and then more or less turned the class loose for a 'group study session', I turned to Isaac and whispered my first question.
"This fight between Alec and Brandon, it's for real?
I mean they aren't just going to fight until first blood, are they?"
Isaac's nod was hesitant, like he knew I was headed towards things he wasn't supposed to tell me.
"I'm afraid the contest is quite serious, but still nothing for you to worry about."
That didn't add up in the slightest.
"I don't believe you.
At least not the part about it not being anything to worry about.
You all wouldn't have been so worried about Alec bringing me home Friday night if this was all no big deal.
None of you have argued with Alec about anything since then, but Friday night James, Jasmin and Jessica were all ready to rip my head off over his express orders."
The nod I received this time was even slower than the first.
I waited for Isaac to say something, but he seemed unwilling to give away anything I hadn't already figured out for myself.
"Can he win?
Alec, I mean.
Can he ki...beat Brandon?"
Isaac's sigh was eloquent.
"I'm forbidden to speak on these things.
To do so risks no small amount of Alec's displeasure."
"But you're going to anyways, aren't you?"
"It is right that you know the sacrifice undertaken on your behalf, both by Alec, and by the rest of our family.
The one because of his feelings for you, the other because of our respect and love for Alec."
"It's true then; he can't win."
"While it isn't impossible, it's unlikely.
Alec is a remarkable fighter, to hear Donovan speak of it, he's possibly even almost the equal of his father, but Brandon's strength and speed have not seen a match in centuries.
It's likely Brandon will emerge the victor."
Even though, or possibly exactly because it was what I'd suspected, the words sent slivers of ice through me.
My heart seemed to be having a hard time maintaining a steady rhythm, but I forced myself not to give into the panic attack that was promising temporary relief from the horror of my life.
With what I'd just been told, I should be able to put some of the pieces together.
"Once Alec is dead, there'll be repercussions for everyone else?"
Again the short, reluctant nod.
I had so many questions I still wanted answered, but it didn't seem fair to get Isaac in any more trouble than he was already in.
"Will you be okay?
I mean with Alec.
He's not going to torture you or anything for telling me, is he?"
Isaac's smile somehow completed his face.
Funny how I'd never thought there was anything wrong with it before, but after finally being rewarded with something more than his normal, serious countenance, I had the first hint why he was one of Rachel's favorites among the pack.
"It's likely I'll be exceedingly sore for the next few days, and my ego, such as it is, will likely take quite the beating, but our Kir'shan, our Alpha as you would say, isn't a bad sort."
That was a relief.
It also meant I knew exactly what I was going to do when I saw Alec next.
Half an hour later, I was following him down the hall towards Physics and wishing I'd had more time to prepare.
Alec slowed as we finally arrived outside the door to Mrs. Alexander's classroom.
I carefully craned my head around him, half expecting to see Brandon's entire pack waiting to ambush us.
Instead the pause seemed to have been caused by the fact Mrs. Alexander had been replaced by a sub.
"Do you mind if we don't go to Physics today?"
Alec's question should have been lost in the clamor of all of the kids walking by us, but I picked his voice out as easily as if we'd been alone together in the forest.
Was that another mystical power granted to alpha shape shifters, or just because I was so hyper-aware of him?
"I thought you said we'd get in trouble if we started cutting school."
His easy, graceful shrug pulled his black polo shirt tight across his shoulders.
It seemed impossible that anyone could be so well built and tightly ripped that you'd be able to see every muscle through his clothing, but there he was.
"I may have exaggerated slightly.
Odds are that I can convince the secretaries to make your absence here disappear, and mine hardly matters."
I throttled down my first impulse, the almost overwhelming desire to say yes, to do anything required to spend more time with him, and instead focused on the opportunity to get inside his head, to learn some of the things moving him.
"But that isn't why you want to skip."
"No, I find that I'm strangely unconcerned right now with what the future may bring, and this seems entirely too good an opportunity to waste on a substitute that knows even less about physics than we do."
I returned his smile, and grabbed his hand, tugging him in the direction of the outside door.
We didn't go far, stopping in a little cluster of trees no more than fifty feet from the school.
"So is this nearly complete disregard for consequences typical?"
Alec gazed at me with one of his indecipherable looks for several seconds.
Feeling more than a little self-conscious, I tried to let go of his hand and scoot a little further away, but he maintained his grasp.
"Please don't.
I didn't mean to make you nervous.
It's just that you continue to surprise me."
"It's more than a little creepy how you all can do that.
Are all shape shifters born with the ability to read people's minds?"
The smile was back, gentle and teasing.
"Minds no, scents yes.
The human body is quite marvelous in how many different systems it recruits to match its mood."
The way Brandon had always known exactly the right thing to say at any given time suddenly made sense.
Alec let me process his latest little tidbit of information, and then continued.
"Actually, none of us are born with any unusual abilities.
All of the changes tend to show up more or less around puberty.
And no, disregard for the consequences of my actions isn't typical.
In fact I've spent nearly a decade weighing almost every word."
"So dashing off to rescue an admittedly stupid teenage girl and landing yourself in a fight to the death that you probably can't win isn't how you normally run your life.
Why did you do it then?"
Again the silence, but this time, more completely enveloped as I was by the tingly warmth that seemed synonymous with being in his presence, I was content to wait.
"Apparently Isaac's decided there are a few things you should know.
Don't try and tell me it wasn't him, you didn't know that particular piece of information an hour ago, and nobody else has had the opportunity to tell secrets."
I felt myself tense up in worry, but he waved my worries away.
"In answer to the core of your question, Jasmin thinks it's because I've finally gone over the edge, that in essence I've snapped due to the stress, and this, 'obsession,' as she terms it, is merely a novel way of committing suicide."
My heart started racing again, but he wasn't done.
"The other school of thought is that I'm more of a healer than anyone realized, and that I couldn't resist your obvious need."
He'd lost me there.
"Wait, what do you mean?"
Alec paused for several seconds before answering.
"You glow.
All of the time.
Until now we always thought someone had to be a shape shifter to do that."
"But I'm just a normal person.
Why would I appear different than anyone else?"
Alec's shrug was enough to send my heart racing again, but not enough to distract me from his words.
"With shape shifters, we believe it's because the animating energy, the soul if you will, burns more brightly than normal.
I think it's tied in with what allows us to shift forms.
With you, there isn't any obvious reason, but I think that Dominic has probably hit upon the root of the matter."
His pause this time wasn't just to collect his thoughts; I could tell he was tempted not to tell me whatever he was thinking.
"You know that our legends indicate a belief we were created in order to watch over and protect humans?
Well, Dominic believes that your light represents a defense mechanism.
We don't know of any accounts where humans have burned so brightly, but it's possible the primitive parts of you, the ones that remember what it was like to be watched over by our kind, hit upon a way to call for help from us, while not admitting a problem to your own kind."
He was being so vague that it took me several seconds to follow the explanation to its logical conclusion.
"So you're saying that I was, am, so broken I glow so your people would be able to pull me aside and fix me."
His nod was hesitant, but my wan smile seemed to reassure him somewhat.
"I guess that makes sense.
Nobody likes to be told there's something wrong with them, but I can't exactly say everything is just Jim Dandy.
Not when I still collapse at the mere mention of what I've lost."
The silence wasn't as comfortable now.
I had to break it, even if it meant further examining all of the holes inside me that I'd spent so many months struggling to ignore.
"So you're just one of those guys that can't resist trying to help the broken girls, huh?"
"No.
That's Dominic's theory, I didn't say it was mine.
I did what I did because when I close my eyes I still see you there."
My heart jumped up to my throat, but in a good way.
"I don't know why, not really.
Your incredible, unearthly beauty helps, as does your stubborn determination to continue soldiering on, despite how badly you've been hurt.
That doesn't explain it all though.
Neither does the fact that you stepped in and saved Rachel from a beating I couldn't stop."
He reached up and tucked a stray hair behind my left ear.
"Whatever the reason, since your arrival here, I just feel like parts of me that were missing have come back home.
Even when I thought you were some kind of...rogue...shape shifter come to destroy my pack, I was still drawn to you."
My stupid eyes were tearing up again.
Sometimes being a girl really sucked.
Boys never seemed to have their bodies betray them in front of other people like we did.
The most gorgeous, kind boy I'd ever met had just professed his love to me, and strangely enough it made what I had to do next both harder and easier.
"Alec, what if I were to go back to Brandon?
Would that stop everything from going wrong?
I mean, then you wouldn't have been poaching his property or whatever you call it."
It was bad enough that my heart was shattering as I said it, the look in Alec's face made everything a hundred times worse.
For a second I thought the earth was shaking, but it was Alec, trembling much like he'd done Friday night.
A loud crack from beside us made me jump.
Alec looked at the branch, easily as thick as my arm, which he'd just torn from the tree we were leaning against.
He stopped shaking as he considered what he'd done to the poor tree.
"You're saying that because you're worried for me?
Not because you really want to go back to him?"
I shook my head, as confused by his reaction, by how close he'd come to losing control, as I was by my not having felt threatened.
"No, I want to stay, but how can I knowing it will mean you're going to be fighting to the death?"
Alec tossed the branch away with a sigh.
"I've spent years learning control, but sometimes I still forget just how breakable everything around me is.
If you go back to Brandon, you support his claim that you belong to him, and I'd still be forced to challenge him.
If I didn't, he would be justified in killing whichever two of my friends he wants."
"So there's no way you can avoid fighting him?"
Alec's smile was more bittersweet than normal.
"No, but it's not too late to save you.
I can have you on a flight to Paris tonight.
It's the only way to guarantee your safety."
I shook my head.
"I'm not leaving.
I believe you when you say my going back to Brandon won't solve anything, but I'm not going to run away and leave you all to deal with the mess I created.
I wish you'd stop asking me to."
His gaze was long and steady, but finally he nodded.
"You have as much right to see this through as anyone else does, but it's almost certainly going to get a lot uglier before it's over.
Your freedom is going to be incredibly restricted, at least as bad as it was today.
We'll escort you to school, stay just long enough to ensure we don't get in trouble, and then hurry back to our territory.
At least if Brandon's pack does come after us there, we're within our rights to do something about it."
I opened my mouth to comment on the fact that Brandon's pack was roughly twice the size of ours, only to realize that scurrying back home kind of precluded continuing to help out at the tutor lab.
"What about helping Mrs.
Campbell?"
It shouldn't have surprised me that Alec thought it over for several seconds before shaking his head.
Whatever else he was, he wasn't the thoughtless jerk Brandon had proven himself to be.
"I'm sorry, Adriana.
I wish we could, for Rachel's sake as well as yours, but it's just too risky.
Fewer witnesses means more chance Brandon's people will try to arrange for something to happen.
There are just too many of them for us to meet them in a stand-up fight and come out unscathed."
I didn't like it.
Mrs. Campbell was the only teacher who'd taken an active interest in my wellbeing, but I could see his point.
I managed to do at least a passable job hiding my near frown as I nodded in acceptance.
"Can I have just a few minutes today after school to tell her?"
Alec's hand was warm on my face as he nodded.
"You're amazing.
All the things being taken away from you just because you got involved with the wrong crowd, and you just do what has to be done.
Of course you can have a few minutes.
I'm sorry to make you do this."
I wanted to tell him it was less than he was doing.
To say it was the least I could do considering this was all my fault, but the unabashed bliss of having him touch me was overwhelming.
It took surprising effort to string coherent thoughts together.
Before I managed to do so successfully, he sighed and helped me to my feet.
"We'd better get back or you'll miss Spanish."
Based on how badly Biology had gone, I was dreading Spanish with even more fervor than normal.
I felt incredibly better when it was Dominic who was waiting with a smile for us at my locker.
Alec let go of my hand with an actual look of regret.
Mrs. Tiggs seemed to have read whatever memo Mrs. Sorenson had been working off of earlier.
She started out the hour by asking me a question I was positive wasn't in any of the chapters I'd ever read.
The class' collective mouth dropped in astonishment as Dominic called her on it.
"But Mrs. Tiggs, isn't that covered in Chapter 18?
I mean, I just started the class obviously, but it just seems confusing.
Your syllabus says we're talking about the preterit today."
The only other person I'd ever met who could've even come close to pulling off such an innocent expression was Rachel, and I wasn't sure even she could compete with Dominic today.
If I'd found her standing in front of a broken window with a rock in her hand, and she'd told me she had no idea why the window had shattered, all the while flashing me that look, I would've believed her.
Mrs. Tiggs apparently wasn't quite so gullible.
"It's a reasonable question, as the two subjects are highly related.
One could almost say they're so close to the same thing that any distinction is purely arbitrary."
Now Dominic looked both innocent and confused.
"But why are they so far apart in the book then?
I mean my Spanish book in the school before I came here had them pretty widely spaced too."
It was masterful.
I'm not even sure the rest of the class realized the pattern, but Mrs. Tiggs caught on about halfway through the hour.
Every time she was snippy with me, Dominic made her look like the idiot we all suspected she was.
As the bell rang, and we exited the first truly instructive Spanish class all semester, I pulled Dominic off to the side.
"That was amazing.
Thank you, but you can't keep doing that or she's going to fail you."
Dominic sagged a little against me.
"I don't think she will.
Not after the rest of the class realizes she has a hard time reading the book herself.
Even if she does, it doesn't really matter.
I never expected to finish junior high, let alone graduate from high school.
Besides, James is always talking about dropping out and just getting his GED.
Maybe I'll follow suit."
She stiffened slightly as I hugged her, but then smiled and returned the gesture with an earnestness that made me think she hadn't had much in the way of hugs in her life.
"Well, I hope it doesn't come to that, but thanks again.
I may still flunk out, but seeing the expression on her face makes it worthwhile."
Was it possible to be both shy and confident at the same time?
If it was, Dominic's fluid, expressive face pulled it off.
"Nonsense.
Once we undo all of the damage from her teaching you, you'll do so well even she won't flunk you."
It went against everything past experience with Mrs. Tiggs had taught me, but I almost believed her.
Chapter 26 It was amazing how quickly my classes flew by when I had a friend, or at least a protector, with me at all times.
Then again all of Monday had flown by, not just the school portion of the day, so it really shouldn't have been a surprise today was doing likewise.
After Spanish, Jasmin had escorted me to Mrs. Campbell's class.
Telling her I wasn't going to be able to help out at the lab anymore had been one of the harder things I'd ever done, but she'd been surprisingly understanding.
We'd scheduled my makeup test for the next day and I'd left with the sneaking suspicion she'd guessed more about what was really going on in Sanctuary than either pack would've liked.
I'd been busy contemplating what Mrs. Campbell might have really figured out as we left the building, only to have Jasmin interrupt my musings with an apology of all things.
She didn't get into specifics, and it was obvious she was still worried about the coming showdown with Brandon, but I was pretty sure she really was sorry.
It didn't make us best friends and she was still an enigma, but it was a start.
It even gave me hope maybe Jessica and James might eventually come around.
I was still reeling in surprise as we walked out to the parking lot and met up with the rest of the pack, or rather the rest of the pack minus Alec.
He'd shown up several minutes later, looking very satisfied with himself, but obviously unwilling to answer any questions.
As we caravanned home, I realized the collection of vehicles carrying us back to Alec's estate probably cost more than my house.
Donovan had met us at the door and conducted us to the dining room, where Alec and his friends devoured a sizable meal.
Even back when I'd had a more substantial appetite, I still couldn't have kept up with the wolves.
Even the girls packed away more food than I would've believed possible for such slender frames.
I mentally shrugged and added it to the list of shape shifter benefits.
Able to eat like a complete pig and still slip into size zero jeans.
Dominic spent a couple hours after dinner helping me with Spanish.
She probably would've spent even longer with me, but Mom called, so Dominic slipped out to give me some privacy.
I fielded something like a hundred questions about school, reassured her two or three times that she wasn't a terrible mother, and promised yet again to stay one hundred percent out of trouble while she was gone.
I was beginning to wonder if I was ever going to get off the phone when she finally decided, ultra-late shoot tomorrow or not, she'd better go to bed.
By the time I finally finished up the rest of my studying, decided I was ready for my catch-up test in Mrs. Campbell's class tomorrow, and spent a few minutes with Rachel, I was well and truly exhausted.
I thought about going back to the Lilac Room, but it would've just been because I was worried about what everyone else was thinking.
I'd been raised to believe good little girls didn't spend the night with boys.
Not even boys who were so gentlemanly it was sometimes painful.
I still believed that, but my desire to be with Alec had devoured the parts of my brain that used logic and reason to decide things.
I wanted to be with him while he slept, even if it was only for a couple of hours.
Everyone in the pack already knew I'd spent the night.
In the end, the reasonable part of me never had a chance.
Waking up next to Alec fully vindicated my decision.
He'd greeted me with his typical, heart-stopping smile and I'd leaned in to kiss him before I'd even realized I was in motion.
He'd pulled back, but his expression at least wasn't reproachful.
I wanted to force the issue, wanted it so badly I could feel the desire bubbling inside me, but even more than my natural shyness, the thought of him pulling away again, this time in disgust, was too much to contemplate.
Once we got to school, I'd found the rampant gossip had subsided to a dull rumble, but the few undecided votes had come down solidly on the side of everyone else.
Some people hated me for using Brandon, others hated me for playing Alec, while a small, but decidedly upwardly-mobile group disliked me for achieving not just one, but both of the conquests they'd been dreaming of since grade school.
In the end, it didn't really matter why everyone disliked me.
Still, only the fact that Alec's pack closed ranks around me kept the situation from becoming unbearable.
Biology went better than it had since my first day in Sanctuary, largely because Alec seemed to have developed a postdoctorate knowledge of Biology.
Also he didn't have a single qualm when it came to using that knowledge to deflect questions aimed at me.
Mrs. Sorenson tried three different times to make me look stupid before finally giving up and getting down to the business of teaching.
She continued to shoot us nasty looks throughout the class, but I hardly noticed.
Alec spent the rest of the class time writing questions for me in the margins of my notebook.
By the time I'd described my grandparents, kindergarten teacher, and top three most embarrassing moments, I wanted to get a chance to ask some questions of my own, but he just shook his head and passed me my notebook back with a new set of quickly-jotted queries.
The sentences should have been a careless mess based on the speed with which he was writing.
Instead they turned out more even and carefully constructed than anything I'd ever been able to accomplish.
I'm the Alpha here; you can ask your questions when I finish with mine.
The flippant, humorous nature of his response was so atypical, and yet still quintessentially Alec.
I nearly broke into a fit of laughter that would've gotten us both in even more trouble with Mrs. Sorenson.
I roll my eyes at you...a lot.
So once you're done, I get to ask you any question?
No restrictions?
That was nearly a deal breaker, I could see it by the way his initial smile at my 'rolled eyes' faded away into his more characteristic seriousness.
He contemplated his response for a good fifteen seconds, which was probably something like two hours in shape shifter time, before finally touching his pen to the paper again and then passing my notebook back.
It's a deal.
When I finish up with my questions, you can ask whatever you want.
Of course if your question is something that's going to get you into trouble, I reserve the right to pack you onto a plane and send you off to safety once I'm done answering.
I stuck my tongue out at him, for real this time, as I wrote down my response.
Bully.
Still, all in all it was a win for me.
Once he'd dug up every painful moment from my childhood, I was going to get to finally start learning about him.
His pack too of course, but most importantly, I'd finally know more of what made Alec Graves tick.
A couple of hours later at lunch, Mrs. Campbell had met the appearance of Rachel, Alec, and the rest of the pack with a raised eyebrow and a disbelieving headshake, but simply motioned them all over to the other side of the room, and handed me my test.
Despite having spent weeks preparing for my makeup exam, I was still a little nervous until I started working the first problem.
Forty minutes later I handed Mrs. Campbell a completed test, and got the extreme pleasure of watching her grade it and write a large, crimson 'A' on the front page.
I was so excited I nearly squealed in delight.
I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.
Dominic's gentle smile wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but I already knew her subdued reaction wasn't any less heartfelt.
Throw in Jasmin's congratulations, which seemed to indicate the passing grade had been nothing less than inevitable, with Alec taking my hand as soon as I sat down, and Jessica and James' lack of response didn't matter at all.
With Isaac's reassuring presence at my side in History, I weathered the renewed gossip, apparently occasioned by the entire pack's absence during lunch for the second day in a row, and soon found myself reunited with Alec in Physics.
As luck would have it, Mrs. Alexander was gone again, and the substitute was typically clueless about what we were supposed to be doing.
Alec of course spent the whole class unearthing other little bits of embarrassing information.
I'd never experienced anything like it, every question I answered spawned two more, and he invariably seemed to figure out the underlying reasons I'd done a given thing, or reacted a certain way.
I'd just finished describing my failed tryout for the school's production of To Kill a Mockingbird, when he hit me with a completely unexpected question.
"So tell me about both your best date and your worst date before you came here."
I felt my skin instantly heat up, and looked down, unable to meet his gaze.
He let me sit there for a couple of seconds, and then reached out and used one gentle finger to nudge my chin up.
"What's the matter, afraid I'll be jealous?"
I shook my head, fighting the urge to look back down.
"No, there isn't anything to be jealous of.
I'd never been on a single date before Sanctuary, and you know all about what's happened since I arrived."
His smile was surprisingly reassuring.
"That sounds like the easiest one I've asked you yet.
Why the sudden bashfulness?"
My throat seemed to be spending an awful lot of the time lately constricted down to the point where speech was all but impossible.
It was even worse than usual now.
I thought maybe he'd have moved on to something else by the time I was able to talk again, but he was still patiently waiting when I managed to make myself look up again.
It was tempting to lie and tell him I was just thinking about Cindi, the only one in the family who'd ever really had any luck in the dating department, but that wasn't fair.
Besides, it would only put off the dreaded day.
Eventually he'd find out what I was really like.
When the words finally made it out, they seemed to fight me the whole way, clawing at my throat with such force that by the time they finally exited my mouth, they were the barest hint of a whisper.
"Because I'm worried once you realize just how much of a loser I was back home, how much of a loser I still am, you'll decide you don't belong with me."
"Why would you not dating very much have any impact on how I feel about you?"
"Because in addition to being the most thoughtful boy I've ever met, you also happen to be rich enough to buy a small country.
You're so incredibly gorgeous girls swoon when you walk into a room.
How can I possibly compete against the kinds of girls who'll continue throwing themselves at you for as long as you're breathing?"
Anger managed to accomplish what all of the swallowing hadn't.
The diatribe that'd started out nearly inaudible had grown in volume until by the end I was hissing loud enough the people closest to us turned around in curiosity.
Alec calmly captured my wildly gesturing hands, immobilizing them with a casual strength that made me feel like a child.
"Please don't do that."
He continued on before I could open my mouth.
"The fact you didn't date until recently doesn't mean you're some kind of nerd.
Even if it did, that wouldn't matter to me.
Also, other girls who may or may not find me attractive are irrelevant.
I don't want them, I want you."
Even I could tell that I wasn't doing a very good job pretending I believed him.
Alec recaptured one of my hands in his, and then leaned back, lazily exuding confidence.
"It's okay that you don't believe me yet, I'm equal to the challenge of convincing you."
He smiled at my shrug, but now that we weren't arguing about the inevitable fact he was eventually going to leave me, my mind was free to start working again.
"Don't do what?"
For the first time ever, I'd managed to catch him by surprise.
It took him several seconds to figure out what I was talking about.
"Your hands, you tend to talk with them when you're excited or angry, and it's very distracting.
I mean for us.
All of the motion results in a hundred tiny signals flooding my brain as my instincts try to decide whether you're prey to be chased, or a bigger predator that I need to flee from."
I felt my eyes go wide as I realized what he was saying.
It made me think of the stray kitten we'd taken in for a few months when I was five.
Cindi and I had spent hours teasing it with pieces of string, watching its tiny head dart back and forth from one to the other as it tried to decide whether to pounce on them, or dart away and hide under the bed.
It'd been really amusing when it had been a half-pound kitten, but the thought of having a two-hundred-plus pound wolf attacking me because I'd triggered some kind of fight or flight instinct wasn't so funny.
"Oh, I didn't realize it was a problem.
I'll stop."
Alec laughed.
"It isn't actually that bad.
More like an itch you can't quite reach.
Although, if you ever want to drive Jessica absolutely crazy, spend a few minutes around her fidgeting.
She's the most naturally high-strung out of anyone besides Jasmin.
The fact she's also a submissive only makes things worse."
It was terribly vindictive, and wonderfully appealing.
I felt a smile tugging at the ends of my mouth.
"She won't eat me if I do that?"
His chuckle pulled my smile wider.
"No.
If you're really worried about it just make sure that one of the others are in the room at the same time with you."
"Now that has some real possibilities."
I was still rolling the thought around in my mind when the bell rang and Alec pulled me to my feet.
We swapped out our books and were halfway to Spanish when Vincent and Brandon strode into view.
Moving so smoothly I was positive that nobody else even realized anything was wrong, Alec swung me around so he was between them and me.
The tension ratcheted up in step with the rolling waves of energy, as Brandon and Vincent drew nearer.
They split up when they saw us, casually positioning themselves so Alec couldn't protect me from both of them.
I felt my knees stop working as I took in Brandon's lazy, confident smile, and Vincent's sick, eager expression, but the gentle pressure of Alec's grasp on my hand kept me from falling down.
I looked up at Alec, hoping for a reassuring smile, but his face had taken on the expressionless mask he used to guard his thoughts.
I tried to slow down, but Alec kept moving forward, never altering his speed in the slightest as he pulled me directly towards Vincent.
It seemed incredible that the few other people still in the hall couldn't feel the surge of energy as Vincent stepped directly in front of us and placed his hand on Alec's chest.
The sudden spike was enough to make my hair stand on end, but Jim Hansen hurried by without any indication there was something out of the ordinary.
"You're in our way, half-breed."
I felt Alec's grasp tighten slightly, but considering the crushing strength he was capable of, it was the closest thing imaginable to a non-response.
Brandon was coming up behind Vincent, as Alec reached up and placed his own hand on Vincent's chest, with another, stronger flash of power.
The ripple of skin and bone was so quick for a second I couldn't believe what I was seeing, but there it was.
Alec's hand and fingers had elongated, turning into a hairless replica of the deadly claw that'd terrified me just a few days before.
Vincent's bulk was such that it screened Alec's movements from passersby, as those razor-sharp claws sank just the barest distance into his chest.
Alec spoke for the first time, and the even tone of his words was a stark contrast to the winds of power that seemed almost ready to throw me across the hall.
"You forget yourself, mutt.
As the leader of another pack, I'm due more respect than that.
Should you or your dominant wish to push things further, I guarantee that your heart will decorate the floor before he can come to your aid."
Brandon stopped moving as Alec's words carried to him.
He was probably weighing odds and tabulating the probable cost of the various courses of action available to him.
Vincent's life was likely a relatively small component in the grand equation.
Dominic's presence as she stepped around the corner seemed to be the deciding factor.
Brandon gave us another lazy smile as he stepped slowly backwards to give us more room.
Alec's tone was still conversational as he shoved Vincent backwards and allowed his hand to return to normal.
"The harassment of my people stops now."
"Now why would we do a thing like that when we all know you're a dead man?"
Dominic stopped just outside of what I was starting to understand was pouncing range for people who happened to have supernatural strength, as Alec gave Brandon a cold smile.
"If I ever really decide the outcome is a foregone conclusion, you'd better start watching out for your people.
You'd be surprised just how many of them could disappear if I no longer worried about the consequences of my actions."
The tingle of Alec's power lessened slightly once we were out of sight, but it still hadn't dropped off completely by the time we were standing in front of Mrs. Tiggs' classroom.
I could still feel the faintest traces of his power long after he'd finally let my hand go with obvious reluctance and strode off, leaving Dominic and I to find our seats.
** The pack was more subdued than normal on the way home.
Everyone splintered off into smaller component parts as soon as we passed the wrought-iron gate signaling the entrance to the Graves estate.
Donovan was waiting patiently inside the door, but he took one look at the bristling bundle of energy that was Alec, and obviously revised his plans on the spot.
"Shall I have dinner delayed, Master Alec, Mistress Rachel?"
"I'll take mine later, Donovan, but please don't let that inconvenience the rest of the household.
I'll be out in the garden if anyone needs me."
Alec took a pair of quick steps down the hall, and then turned back and looked at me.
"Would you care to join me, Adriana?"
It wasn't until we'd been sitting in a secluded corner of the sprawling, green sanctuary for nearly half an hour that Alec finally relaxed.
There wasn't any visible change to his demeanor, but one second tingles of lightning were dancing along my skin, and in the next heartbeat the unseen world settled into a sleepy calm.
"Will you do me the honor of allowing me to escort you to the Ashure Day festivities?"
The question caught me so much by surprise that the tiny ant I'd been watching managed to drag his heavy burden of leaves halfway across the nearest flagstone before I managed a response.
"Is this because of earlier?
Because I told you I don't expect you to stay with me?"
Apparently it was his turn to spend some time pondering his reply.
My six-legged friend was joined by another of his kind, and they were manfully working their way up the hill towards a tree.
"I've actually wanted to ask you for quite a while.
Hearing that Brandon was taking you was harder for me to accept than you might imagine.
My asking you now has nothing to do with our conversation from earlier today."
"Why are you doing it now then?
I half expected you to try and send me out of the country again.
An invitation to the local equivalent to Prom was the last thing on my mind."
The pair of ants disappeared, hidden among the lush grass that somehow managed not to look out of place here on the edges of the desert.
I was starting to realize that the best way to get information out of a guy was to wait him out.
Sometimes applying a little judicious pressure here or there helped, but it was largely just a matter of letting them work through whatever internal barriers stopped them from sharing their feelings.
"My taking you to the dance is one of the more selfish things I could be doing.
It represents so much of what I want, but is wrong for you on almost every level.
I guess I've just decided I'm tired of trying to be good when I have so little time left."
"Why is that selfish?
Most people would think you were being quite charitable taking the new girl to the big dance when you could have your pick of anyone in the school and half the females in the state."
Alec slowly reached over and took my hand for the first time since we'd sat down.
The sudden surge of tingly, pleasant energy nearly distracted me from the fact he was very carefully not meeting my eyes.
"Can you feel that?
I mean, it feels good, doesn't it?"
I felt smiles tug at the corner of my lips as a giggle bubbled in my chest.
"I think it's supposed to feel good, silly."
My laughter died at his lack of matching mirth.
"Have you ever wondered about my mom?
I mean, why she's the way she is?"
Definitely not a time for funniness apparently.
"What do you mean?
I've only met her the one time.
She seemed normal enough.
I guess a little distracted..." The chuckle I'd been waiting for surfaced, but it wasn't at all like his normal laugh.
It was as if someone had sucked all of the joy and goodness out of the sound I'd grown to crave on a nearly subconscious level, and left a twisted shell.
"She's definitely distracted.
You could even say utterly disconnected from the world.
Completely free from the present, always living in the past."
"I don't understand how any of this ties together."
He looked up at me for the first time, and the tortured look in his eyes made me hold onto his hand as tightly as I was able.
"It's all the same thing.
Our touch, my touch, it's like a drug.
It's addictive, subtly, so subtly most humans never even realize what is happening to them.
I've seen what it's done to my mother.
How can I say I love you if I turn around and do the same thing to you?"
For a second I couldn't even think.
He'd just used the 'L-word', and my heart felt like it was tearing itself apart inside my chest.
In the subtle shadings we girls used to measure commitment, it wasn't as good as if he'd come right out and said, 'I love you Adriana Paige', but it was still pretty good, and it was a complete first for me.
Once I made it past the second part of his statement, I was able to start considering the first part of what he'd said.
It was horrifying and amazing all at once, and it made complete sense.
His mom was living in memories because the real world was just a pale shadow of her life with his father.
Alec seemed to take my silence as condemnation, or possibly just agreement with his self-condemnation.
"We're where the legends of succubi originated.
Irresistible demons who drain their victims dry, who leave their lovers a hollow shell of what they were before."
I'd finally worked through things enough inside my mind, to respond, but he bulldozed right over me.
"Do you understand now?
My getting closer to you is the ultimate form of self-gratification.
It's the worst possible thing I could do to you.
If you somehow survive everything that's about to happen, it would leave you forever hungering for another touch, but never able to fulfill that desire."
I placed a hand on his lips before he could ramp back up to another diatribe.
"None of that matters.
All I want is to be with you, and if we're as likely to all die as you seem to think we are, then the state of my mind after you're gone is hardly something worth wasting worry on.
I accept your invitation.
As much as I hate the very thought of going to any formal dance, I can think of nothing better than going with you."
"That's the addiction, the Ja'tell bond talking."
Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.
"There, I'm not touching you, and I still want to go to the dance with you.
Want it more than anything else."
That wasn't completely true.
I wanted him to kiss me even more than I wanted to go to the Ashure Day Dance.
Having him touch me in other ways was pretty high on the list too, but maybe that was just psychosomatic.
He didn't need to know that.
I really did want to spend time with him.
Even if he wasn't going to touch me, being with him was better than being anywhere else.
"This is a mistake.
The worst kind of mistake because we both know it's wrong and we don't care."
"I don't think it's a mistake.
I don't even think it is wrong."
"But if you did, would you care?"
"Probably not, but that doesn't change the fact that this is what I want to do."
His sigh was ample evidence he didn't believe me.
It probably didn't help that I'd moved in closer as I finished speaking, but I was already worrying about something else he'd said.
"Alec, everyone keeps talking as though this fight is soon, but I've never heard an actual date."
He finally wrapped his arms back around me, but it was a subconscious move, as if he was trying to protect me from what he was going to have to say next.
"It's after the dance.
The night of the new moon, an hour or two after the Ashure Day celebration ends."
I was suddenly even more grateful we were going to the dance together.
If I only had a couple of weeks to live, then I wanted to spend every possible second with him.
Chapter 27 I groaned as Alec circled two of my biology essays and handed them back to me.
"You're doing much better, but you're missing a couple of key components here and here."
"Has anyone ever told you you're a brutal taskmaster?"
His smile took away some of the sting over just how careful he was being not to touch me lately.
It was like he had a split personality.
When he was thinking about it, he was ultra-careful not to do anything to deepen the Ja'tell bond.
Other times, usually when he was thinking about something else, he'd unconsciously reach out to me.
I still wasn't sure which option I preferred.
Every moment we spent together made me want to touch him that much more, but the idea of being addicted to anyone, even him, was more than a little unsettling.
"Sure, Rachel tells me I'm entirely unreasonable on at least a daily basis."
I stuck my tongue out at him, and started back through the book in search of the missing information.
There were so many other ways I'd rather be spending our time together, but he was adamant I not fall further behind in my classes.
I looked up to ask for a hint, and found him staring off into space.
"Penny for your thoughts?"
His smile was a half-hearted thing.
"Mother is playing again.
She just finished up with 'Courtship', so the next one will be 'Welcoming'."
It was amazing how quickly I could forget his supernatural abilities.
Most of the time he seemed so normal.
If you could consider any gorgeous, well-built boy who happened to be interested in me normal.
Every so often though he'd do something that should be impossible.
Alec's smile was slightly apologetic.
"Sorry about that.
Would you like to listen as well?"
My confusion earned me a chuckle.
Alec reached over to the bedside table and picked up a remote that had more buttons on it than most laptops.
A split second later piano music flooded the room through the myriad of speakers mounted on the ceiling.
The piece Alec's mother was playing was incredibly beautiful, full of lilting chords of joy that seemed to stumble over each other in a cheerful effort to outdo their predecessors in greeting the audience.
Five minutes later, she started the number over again, playing with variations on the minor notes, and Alec silenced the speakers with another click of his remote.
"It's beautiful.
I never realized she was so good, Alec.
I mean, it's the most incredible thing I've ever heard."
His smile was a combination of pride and regret.
"Mother says it represents my birth.
She was always an excellent performer.
Donovan says she would've been nationally acclaimed if she'd chosen to pursue a career instead of marrying my father.
She didn't begin composing until after he was gone."
In what was for me a rare display of common sense over curiosity, I shelved the rest of my questions and looked for something I could use to help him sidestep the memories.
"Growing up surrounded by this, and neither you or Rachel play an instrument?"
Alec shook his head.
"I've never had the finesse to play anything.
Rachel took violin lessons for more than a year.
I think she wanted to be able to play with mother.
That was when she begged me to wire the house for sound.
Donovan and I spent two weeks setting up mics in Mom's studio, and then another couple of weeks running sound into every other room of the house.
She kept insisting it was so she could monitor Mother on the rare occasions when nobody else was home, but I used to hear her trying to play along to 'Courtship'."
The trace of a smile on Alec's face lulled me into a false sense of security.
"She doesn't play now though.
I've been into her room, and there's no violin there."
"No, she doesn't play anymore.
She stopped playing shortly after Mom finished up the piece you just heard."
His expression was so serious now that I almost stopped him before he could continue.
"She stopped when she realized that 'Welcoming' was the only celebration of childbirth mother was going to write."
I felt my smile sour, and tried to turn away, but Alec caught my chin and gently pulled my face up, forcing me to meet his gaze.
"You don't need to feel embarrassed.
It's not something that's easy to talk about.
It's even harder for Rachel to discuss, but sometimes those things still need to be examined.
It's actually a relief to tell you.
There are so many open secrets around here.
It comes from living in such close quarters, from everyone being able to hear what's said anywhere in the house.
It feels good to be able to share them with you."
I returned his smile and tried not to focus on questions of just how much of the fluttering in my stomach was due to natural attraction for him, and how much was due to mystical heebie-jeebies.
"For my part, I'm just glad you're telling me something for once instead of continuing to keep me in the dark."
He released my chin and ran a finger down the side of my face.
"Well, then I'm afraid I'll have to trade upon your current satisfaction to beg your leave.
As much as I'd rather stay here and bask in your beauty, it's time for more training."
I tried to keep the disappointment from my face, but his expression fell a little despite my best efforts.
"You're unhappy with me?"
"No.
I mean not really unhappy, at least not with you.
Maybe with the situation.
I just feel left out of everything that's going on.
I know you don't want to get me any more deeply involved with 'dangerous information', but it really sucks sometimes."
Alec gazed at me for several seconds, and then sighed.
"If you would like to come watch, you may.
Give us half an hour, and then ask Donovan to show you the way."
I felt my face break into a huge smile, but he held a hand up to forestall my thanks.
"This is all still very much against my better judgment, but I'm finding it increasingly hard to refuse you the things you want the most."
"Somehow I find that hard to believe.
Even if it were true, you're hardly the type to give away the upper hand by coming out and telling me so."
Alec's eyes had taken on the serious, resigned expression that'd become disturbingly commonplace lately.
"I know.
I think that last part bothers me the most, but I find myself doing so nevertheless.
Make sure you wait at least half an hour.
There's a definite element of danger to all of this."
** I must have checked the clock sixteen times during the last five minutes of the obligatory half-hour.
The sensible, grownup part of me was arguing for another five minutes just to make sure, but I told that part to take a flying leap and all but ran through the house looking for Donovan.
"Yes, mistress?
Do you need something?"
"Donovan, Alec said I could go watch them work out.
Will you take me to wherever they are?"
He dried his hands on a blisteringly white towel, and nodded.
"Of course.
I believe they are in the north end of the valley.
Right this way."
We made good time, even with Donovan's jerky, oftentimes painful gait, but the estate was even bigger than I'd realized.
We walked for several minutes before rounding a corner and finding the entrance to a hedge maze.
"We're very nearly there.
The maze serves as a final barrier against unwelcome eyes."
I was lost within seconds, before we'd made more than four or five turns.
"No wonder Alec laughed when I threatened to try and follow him.
I'd starve to death before anyone found me."
Donovan's laugh was surprisingly relaxed.
I'd only ever seen him with a serious, if respectful expression.
Even Rachel's frequent teasing hadn't ever managed to crack his 'working face'.
"I hardly think that would be the case.
While you may very well have lost your way, it would have been a small matter for one of the others to track you down.
You have, if I may say so, a very distinctive smell.
It reminds me of a type of sage brush that hasn't grown here in quite some time."
His sigh was more felt than heard, and it put me in mind of mountains, redwoods, and other ancient things.
"Donovan, can I ask you a question?"
"Of course, mistress.
I'm afraid there are many which I won't be able to answer, but it would be a delight to share those things which haven't been forbidden me."
"You're really old, aren't you?"
His hesitation was brief, so much so I almost thought I'd imagined it.
"Yes, Mistress Paige, I'm quite old."
"Older than Sanctuary?"
This time there wasn't any doubt.
He'd definitely hesitated.
It stretched out long enough that for a moment I didn't think he was going to answer, but then he nodded, a long deliberate motion that left no question but that it was a confirmation.
I wanted to ask more, but didn't want to venture into the kinds of things that would get him in trouble with Alec.
We walked for another minute or so before I was struck with the silliness of someone who was old enough to be my great grandfather calling me 'Mistress Paige.'
"Donovan, you could just call me Adri if you want."
"That would hardly be appropriate, mistress."
"It just seems silly.
I mean, I'm not really part of the family or anything, so there isn't really a need, is there?"
Donovan's smile was incredibly gentle as he shook his head in disagreement.
"You're very much a part of the family, and if I may be so bold, I'm quite delighted by your inclusion.
I've not seen Mistress Rachel or Master Alec this content in more years than I like to think about.
For my part, I hope to have the continued pleasure of your company for a very long time."
I felt myself blushing.
I hated how easily my face heated up, but a little thing like my imminent death was hardly going to change that.
"Thanks, Donovan.
Not just for that either.
I haven't properly thanked you for how nice you've been to me."
Donovan waved away my thanks.
"That is no more or less than my duty to a member of the family, and with that, we've arrived."
The Graves estate was cradled between two spurs, and we'd finally traversed the length of the estate to arrive where the spurs joined the mountain.
The north end of the valley was a terraced masterpiece that was remarkably green despite the complete lack of visible water.
Large trees of a type I didn't recognize towered on each side, shooting up dozens of feet before branching out into an interlocking canopy that cut the harsh sunlight down to a greenish haze that swayed with the gentle motion of a breeze too slight for me to feel.
A gravel pathway cut its winding way between real, live grass before terminating in a sandy courtyard that my eyes had been avoiding, almost as though my mind wasn't ready to deal with what it knew it would see there.
The pack had turned at our appearance and six sets of unblinking, inhuman eyes stared up at me.
A low growl sounded from one of the throats, and Donovan edged in front of me as the largest of the figures turned and struck out at another of the shape shifters with blurring speed.
A startled yelp bounced off of the valley walls, and then Donovan relaxed slightly and started forward.
"We should be safe now.
Master Alec seems to have things well in hand."
His word choice didn't inspire an overabundance of confidence, but I could hardly turn and run away after begging to be allowed to come watch.
The path seemed to shrink as we were walking, and almost too quickly sand replaced the crunch of gravel under our feet.
I recognized Alec's humanoid form from before, a massive, black, heavily furred tower of muscle, claws and fangs.
I might have pulled back at his approach, but the eyes, even with their vertical pupils were still undeniably his.
A paler, more icy blue than I was used to, but it was still him looking out at me from the other side.
Everyone else was harder to pick out, but I gave it my best shot.
Isaac was probably the bluish-black hybrid who was nearly as big as Alec.
His utter stillness in comparison to the constant motion of the rest of the pack was too much like his normal self-mastery for it to be anyone else.
The other hybrid, the gray one with his teeth showing and just the barest hint of a growl had to be James.
Jessica was obviously the smallest of the wolves.
She paced back and forth, her eyes never leaving me as she made it entirely evident she'd like nothing more than to give into countless millennia of instincts, and just rip my throat out in a single lightning-fast bound.
It wasn't until I tried to decide which of the two remaining wolves was Dominic, that I realized the next smallest figure wasn't a wolf at all.
The pitch-black shadow that padded towards me was some kind of cross between a leopard and a jaguar.
A low growl rippled up out of Alec's throat as the large cat got closer, but she dropped to the ground and rolled onto her back.
I started forward, but Donovan's hand closed around my arm, pulling me up short.
Alec's gaze never left the prostrate shape shifter.
He let her remain on the ground for several seconds, and then his chin dropped in an unmistakable nod.
Moving with what had to be exaggerated care for someone capable of such speed, she rolled back onto her paws and crossed the remaining distance between us.
Donovan released my arm as she reared up and placed her front paws on my shoulders.
The colorless eyes didn't match any of the pack's human form, but they had Dominic's gentleness.
She dropped back down and butted her head against my hand.
I started petting her out of reflex, but when I slowed down out of embarrassment, she butted my hand again.
After a few seconds she turned and slipped away, disappearing into the trees in a matter of seconds.
The rest of the pack waited expectantly, milling about partially hidden by Alec's towering figure.
I turned to ask Donovan what to do next, only to have the words torn away from me as a surge of power washed over me from where Dominic had disappeared.
A momentary ripple of stillness swept through the pack, and then Dominic reappeared, this time walking on two legs.
I'd been too overwhelmed by everything else to really register the fact that everyone was wearing some form of stretchy clothing.
I'd never thought about how changing shapes must make for difficulty when it came to clothing choices, but it appeared someone had solved the problem.
Dom's black outfit had perfectly matched her fur, and whatever it was, it had shrunk down to fit her four-legged form, while still having enough elasticity to expand out to cover her person shape.
The girl's clothes had an elastic band of some kind at their necks, legs and arms, while the boys were wearing a pants-like number which cinched down over their waist, as well as just above the knees.
My preoccupation over what everyone was wearing gave Dom a chance to cover the distance between us.
Donovan smiled as Dom reached us.
"I'll leave her in your care then, Mistress Sanchez?"
Alec watched Donovan leave, and then turned back to the pack and chivvied them back into motion.
I grabbed onto Dom's hand with enough force to bruise a normal person as Isaac and James turned on each other with a sudden ferocity that left me breathless.
"It's okay.
They're training, sparring if you will."
It was hard to believe what I was watching was anything less than an all-out bid to kill each other.
Isaac ducked a vicious swipe from James, and then knocked the smaller hybrid over with a backhand blow I was pretty sure would've crushed rock.
Dominic winced a little as the blow landed and her boyfriend hit with earth-shattering force.
"Are you sure?
I mean, it looks pretty real to me."
"They're definitely being careful not to kill each other.
Isaac could've connected with his claws instead of his fist."
Jasmin and Jessica were circling each other now.
It reminded me of a fight I'd seen between two feral dogs while I was still in grade school.
The dogs had circled for five or ten seconds, and then one had thrown himself at the other.
A neighbor had broken the fight up with a few thrown stones before it'd come to a grisly end, but it'd been obvious once the first dog had latched onto his opponent's throat that it was only a matter of time before the smaller dog would've died.
This was exactly the same, only it happened faster as Jasmin blurred into motion.
One moment she was growling at Jess from a distance of more than five feet, the next instant she was on top of Jess, and her teeth were latched around the smaller wolf's throat.
Dominic's hand tightened on mine as Jess began to whine, but Alec took a menacing step forward and Jasmin released Jessica with another growl.
"She didn't want to let go, did she?"
Dom looked for a second like she wasn't going to answer, but she finally shook her head.
"It's harder to control the instincts, the beast inside us, if you will, while we're in an alternate form.
Hybrid, wolf, cat, to one extent or another, we become the beast, and if there's one thing animals have figured out, it's that you don't survive by letting a beaten opponent live to learn from their mistakes."
I felt a shudder go through me at what she was saying.
"So Alec wasn't kidding when he said it wasn't safe for me to be here?"
"You're probably not in any more danger today than you were that first night.
Jessica isn't any fonder of you now than she was then.
I've been working with James every day since then, but he hasn't really come around yet, so he is still a bit of a problem.
Luckily, with Alec and Isaac both firmly on your side, and Jasmin starting to develop a liking for you, there isn't a thing those two can really do about it.
As long as Alec is very careful to stay between the two of them and you, you really don't have a reason to worry."
"He let you get close to me."
Dom's smile was incredibly winning.
"Ah, but Donovan was still with you, and not only do I like you more than any of the others, I'm also a cat, so in this case my instincts aren't quite as worrisome."
"You're different from the others then?
I mean, they can't change into cats, can they?"
She shook her head, attention still mostly on the fighting taking place on the far end of the sand court.
"We're from different bloodlines.
If you believe the legends, Adjam became the first wolf, and Inock the first of the big cats.
Alec and the others descended from Adjam, and I'm a descendant of Inock."
It all seemed so impossible, legends brought to life and paraded before my incredulous eyes, and yet there was no arguing with the truth.
It was starting to sink in that I needed to come to terms with all of the natural implications.
Things like the fact that some or all of my attraction to Alec was based on his ability to addict humans to him, intentionally or not.
James and Jessica were squared off against Alec now while Isaac and Jasmin watched.
I'd thought everyone else moved fast, but Alec was even faster.
He actually dodged Jess' jump, causing her to latch onto nothing more than thin air, while he spun around and hit James with a blow to the chest that had to have broken ribs.
"Alec's a good leader.
Maybe the best.
This kind of exercise would be impossible in nearly any other pack, but it's the only thing that's kept us alive in the face of Brandon's larger pack."
I didn't want her to say anything she wasn't supposed to, especially not if Alec was having as hard of a time controlling the anger that seemed to be part and parcel of the new shapes everyone was wearing, but I was desperate to start understanding some of what was going on.
Dominic must've looked away from the fight long enough to see the questions on my face.
"It's hard to understand just how important the pack structure is.
The question of who is dominant and who is subordinate drives so much of what we do.
Even so, it's not nearly as bad as other packs, other places.
Alec's established clear dominance to everyone else here, but he still probably couldn't make his gentler rules stick if it weren't for the fact that Isaac backs him almost without question."
The object of our discussion was currently backing away from James while trying to keep Jessica from circling around behind him.
I finally realized what I'd always thought of as grace was really an economy of motion.
It was like he was saving every possible bit of energy because he never knew when he'd find it necessary to burn up his reserves in a blaze of violence.
Even as I watched, he spun around, plucking Jessica out of the air, grabbing her by the head mid-leap as she sought to find purchase on this throat.
He tried to spin back around to meet James' rush, but the smaller hybrid knocked him down with a crash.
Isaac and Jasmin were there in a blink, tearing the other two wolves off of Alec before the conflict could turn deadly.
I couldn't breathe until the dust settled, and Alec rolled back up to his feet, dripping blood from a large gash in his side.
Dominic heard my sudden gasp and reached over to reassure me.
"He's okay.
We heal fast, and he heals faster than most."
"So this isn't normal?"
Dom shook her head again.
"No, in most packs, any confrontation ends in violence.
Generally there are a whole host of dominants who want to become the alpha.
This would usually turn into a real dominance fight, with the other two doing their very best to kill him before turning on each other to fight over the spoils."
"That's terrible."
Her nod was sad.
"I told you he was special.
All of that hard-won civilization tends to flake and chip away when we're that close to our beast.
Alec always does what's right though.
No matter what it costs him personally."
Dom's words were timely.
Before hearing them I would've watched Alec's near-stillness with unconcern, but now, seeing the way Jasmin and Isaac split their attention between Alec and the wolves they'd just pulled off of him, I could nearly see the effort he was exerting to shove aside the instincts demanding the death of the wolves who'd marked him, who'd questioned his supremacy.
With a shudder, he relaxed again, and Jessica approached, dropping to her stomach to crawl the last little ways, and then rolling onto her back.
James dropped down on all fours, grounding the wicked-looking claws tipping his hands, and then it seemed all was forgiven.
My suspicions were confirmed when Dom sighed with relief.
It hadn't just been my imagination.
Alec's will had been sufficient to the task, but its victory hadn't been assured.
It was a terrible risk to run, one that apparently put a big fat target on his chest for anyone in the pack who wasn't happy with how things were currently running, but Alec ran it regardless.
He ran it again and again because doing so gave his pack a slight chance of survival, and he couldn't deny them that chance, not when there was something he could do to put it within their reach.
That wasn't the kind of person who'd take advantage of my human weakness to seduce me.
In fact, it was all too likely he was going to fight my every effort to bring us closer together precisely because he didn't want to take advantage of me.
I was suddenly very certain though that I was going to wage that war.
I couldn't not want him, not love him, any more than he could do less than his best to keep his family from harm.
Chapter 28 Alec was completely drenched in sweat, and I still wanted to throw myself at him so badly my teeth hurt.
It shouldn't be possible for someone to look so good dressed in what amounted to little more than loose, extra-stretchy sweatpants.
"How was training?"
It was hard to sound casual.
The urge to kiss him had become almost overpowering in the last few days.
He knew me better on every level imaginable than anyone outside my immediate family ever had, and all I could think about right now was how much I wanted to touch him.
"Fairly well, all things considered.
We took it easy though..." I'd gotten used to the idea that he left a substantial number of thoughts unsaid out of a desire to protect me from knowing too much.
I didn't like it, but I'd learned to accept it.
He didn't need to finish that particular sentence though.
They'd gone easy because today was Ashure Day, and once the dance finished up, he'd be facing off against Brandon, and it would be stupid to tire himself out when he was going to be fighting for his life.
It was a thought pretty much guaranteed to stifle a conversation, but I managed a smile.
"Only you would come back dripping in sweat and say you took it easy."
Alec's smile was a bit strained at the edges, but the tenderness on his face was genuine.
"I don't know what I'd have done without you these last few weeks."
My heart went pitter-patter, but still mindful of the fact that throwing myself at him would just result in him freaking out and keeping me at arm's length, I managed not to go all gooey on the outside too.
Unfortunately the effort meant I was slow responding.
He moved on before I got anything out.
"How's your homework coming?"
Now I did frown at him.
"I think my mind's going to explode if I look at my Biology book even just one more time this weekend.
Other than that things are great."
Alec's chuckle seemed to reach out and caress me.
"I take it you'd be up for a brief field trip then?"
My ears must have perked up.
For all that we'd spent an incredible amount of time together over the last little bit, he hadn't taken me anywhere.
"A field trip sounds great.
Except I have to be back at least three hours before the dance, or Rachel and Jasmin will eat me.
At least that's what they said, and I tend to believe them."
Alec crossed over to me and ran a finger down the side of my face.
"Only you could manage to make a joke out of having fallen in with monsters."
I shrugged.
"What else is a girl to do?"
Alec's reply shrug mirrored mine exactly and yet still turned the movement into something far more graceful and eloquent than what I'd managed.
"Be that as it may, I think you don't give yourself enough credit for just how amazing you are."
I felt myself start to blush as Alec disappeared into the bathroom.
** Monsters I could handle, motorcycles were something else entirely.
I'd almost backed out when Alec told me we'd be taking his bullet bike, but I didn't want him to know I really was a complete wuss.
All of which explained how I'd ended up on Alec's shiny, blue Yamaha R1 with my arms locked around him in a death grip.
Apparently I'd given away at least some of my fear though, because Alec took the first half of our forty-minute drive at a positively sedate pace, or at least what qualified as a sedate pace on a machine that could go from zero to sixty much faster than any of the exotic sports cars Alec and his friends usually drove.
Just as I finally started to enjoy leaning with Alec while zipping around turns at what I was starting to suspect were triple digit speeds, he pulled off behind a ramshackle, old building and held a finger to his lips.
I held my breath and tried my best to try and figure out what he was listening for, but encased as I was by the blue helmet he'd insisted on, I would've been lucky to notice if a herd of elephants had been hot on our trail.
Several seconds passed, and then Alec smiled at me again and backed the bike into the building, which was every bit as decrepit-looking on the inside as it'd been on the outside.
"Are we here?"
"Disappointed?"
I felt my skin heat up again, but managed to stick my tongue out.
"No, we're not quite there yet, but before we continue on, I need your promise not to discuss this with anyone.
Not even the rest of the pack."
I was taken aback with his sudden intensity, and part of me wanted to bristle at the implication I couldn't be trusted with a secret.
His expression softened a little as he reached into the small bag mounted on the fuel tank, and handed me a bottle of water.
I hadn't even realized I was thirsty until that second.
"I'm sorry, Adriana.
I know I can depend on you, this is just important enough that I needed to make sure you understood what's riding on your discretion."
I finished with the first third of the bottle, and then nodded.
"I won't say anything.
What exactly are we going to see?"
"Not a what, but a who."
Much like he'd done when we'd been fleeing from my house, Alec picked me up and then slung me around so I could wrap my legs around his waist, and my arms around his neck and chest.
This time Alec wasn't sprinting, but he still set out at a pace that made conversation impossible, so I just relaxed into him and enjoyed being so close for a second time today.
Once we stopped, I slid down Alec's back and looked around.
The tiny cabin set back into the rocks before us blended into the hillside so well, I probably wouldn't have noticed it if Alec hadn't stopped so close.
As soon as he was confident I could stand unaided, Alec gave me a reassuring smile, and then knocked gently on the door.
The woman who appeared a few seconds later seemed frail in a way that somehow wasn't attributable to her graying hair, or slender frame.
It wasn't until she released Alec from a hug, and slowly moved back into the cabin, that I realized it was how she moved that made her seem so old.
Her motions reminded me of how my grandfather had moved the last few years before he'd died.
Slowly, and with extra care, as if a careless action would leave him crumpled on the floor, racked with pain.
"Mallory, I'd like to introduce you to Adriana Paige.
Adriana, Mallory."
I smiled, and gingerly offered my hand to her, which she clasped in both of hers.
"I'm very happy to finally get to meet you, young lady.
Alec is better company than most, but it's nice to have a new face around here."
I felt myself warming to her immediately, even more so as she ushered us into her small sitting room and clucked over me, all the while proclaiming that I was far too skinny.
It was exactly the kind of thing you'd expect your grandma to say, but I almost believed her.
Alec helped both of us down into our chairs, and then smiled as Mallory waved him off.
"You go ahead and do your chores.
We girls will just get to know each other, and then once you're done, you can bring me up to speed on the latest developments."
We passed several seconds in silence after Alec disappeared, and then Mallory turned back towards me with a twinkle in her eyes.
"So it finally happened?"
"I'm sorry; I don't understand what you mean."
"Alec's finally fallen in love, and with such a lovely girl.
I was half worried he was going to spend the rest of his life so mired in responsibility, he'd never let himself notice anyone."
I was flabbergasted, but my lack of response didn't faze her in the slightest.
"I take it he finally realized you aren't a shape shifter then?"
Apparently my astonishment leaked through to my expression, that or maybe she could just smell the shock on me.
Whatever the reason, her smile took on new intensity, and she slowly reached out and clasped my hand again.
"I'm sorry; I spend so much of my time alone with my thoughts that they develop well-worn grooves.
I forget sometimes that other people haven't been privy to the endless hours of speculation that got me from one point to another."
There was something about her touch that distracted me.
Not in a bad way, almost like the tickle you get in the back of your mind when you know you're missing out on some key point of plot in a suspense novel.
"You glow much more brightly than any human I've ever met, but you don't feel like a shape shifter, so you're either a very powerful Fir'shan, one strong enough to mask your nature from Alec, as well as me, or you're a very extraordinary human.
Alec wouldn't have brought you here until he was sure it was the latter."
I closed my mouth in astonishment.
"I didn't realize Alec had talked to anyone about me.
Actually I think you just let more drop in a few sentences than he's told me all week.
Alec claims it's because I could be put in danger just by knowing certain things, but I think he's still just not quite sure he can trust me."
Mallory slowly leaned back in her chair, and then shook her head.
"No, it isn't because he doesn't trust you.
If he didn't trust you, he wouldn't have brought you here.
He'd trust Isaac or Jasmin with his or even Rachel's life, but neither of them know about me.
In fact, bringing you here expands the circle of people who know about me to a grand total of three.
He trusts you, more than just trusts you, but he's right.
There are a number of things you shouldn't know just yet."
Mallory smiled again in response to my heavy sigh.
"I know that must be hard to swallow.
I'll tell you what.
Go ahead and ask away, and if I think you should know the answer to any of your questions, I'll just tell you and devil take the consequences."
It seemed too good to be true.
"Aren't you scared of what will happen when Alec finds out that I know more than I'm supposed to?"
"And how's he going to find out, youngster?
From how long it took them to unload my most recent food shipment, he won't be back anytime soon, and I'm certainly not planning on telling him.
Are you going to let our little cat out of the bag?"
I started to shake my head, but honesty prevailed before I could finish the motion.
"I mean I'm not planning on it, but I'm not very good at lying or keeping secrets.
Especially not from Alec."
Mallory's chuckle was that of a much younger woman.
"That bothers you a little, doesn't it?"
"Sometimes.
A little.
I just hate being such an open book to everyone."
"Try not to let it get to you too much.
As hard as it may be for you to believe, Alec's even better at reading people than most of us.
There are several of the pack there at the house who are nearly as bothered by that as you are."
The familiar feel to her touch suddenly fell into place.
It was hard to believe that I'd spent so long with her and not realized that she was a shape shifter until she'd said as much.
"Ah, and the first question you want to know is how come you didn't realize I was a shape shifter, isn't it?"
I nodded, surprised at her insight, but more or less resigned to the fact that I was never going to have any kind of secret ever again.
"Partly it's because I'm so old, but it also has a little bit to do with the fact that I've spent the last couple of decades concealing my presence from others.
I suppose it has become a habit to hide the more unusual aspects of my nature.
I guess all that practice has made me better at it than most of the shape shifters you've run into so far."
It made sense, but didn't really help me fill in any of the broad holes that had been bothering me for so long.
Mallory gave me several seconds to ponder her answer before continuing.
"How is the rest of the pack?
Alec will tell me, but he'll filter his answer through what he thinks I'm able to hear, not necessarily what I need to hear."
"They're worried.
Jessica and James seem to be the most unsettled by everything that's happened, but I think everyone is more or less concerned.
Is there someone in particular that you were curious about?"
Mallory hesitated for a moment, and then nodded.
"How does Donovan seem to be doing?"
The question took me completely by surprise.
There was no reason it should have, but it was the last thing I expected her to ask me.
"He's good, I think.
I mean I haven't been there very long, and I don't know him or anyone else very well, so it's hard to tell.
As long as there isn't any kind of public fight with massive amounts of bloodshed, I probably wouldn't know that everyone is at each other's throats, but Donovan seems happy.
He's always pleasant."
The expression on Mallory's face tugged on my heartstrings.
The open vulnerability there made me cast about for additional tidbits to tell her.
"He's one of my favorites.
Rachel and I were already friends, so it made sense that she'd be nice to me, and Dominic at least knew who I was, but Donovan was nice to me right from the start.
It's almost like he approves of me where some of the others aren't so sure Alec's dating me is a very good idea."
Mallory's expression was far away as she spoke.
"Yes, he would approve of the two of you.
He's the consummate man servant, so very professional that you probably wouldn't ever know it if he didn't like you, but I'm sure he does.
He approved of Alec's father's choice even back when most of the pack was still energetically opposed to the idea.
He's always been one to see truly."
"You are, I mean, you were close?"
Her smile turned sad.
"Actually, neither.
We weren't close when there was an opportunity for closeness, and now that I'd like very few things more than to be close to him, there's no real opportunity for us to become so."
She patted my hand as she shrugged.
"It's rather ironic how things work out sometimes, but that's not fair on my part.
I'm sure there are things you would much rather learn of than how I came to be in my present circumstances."
"Actually, that's part of what I want to understand.
I mean I didn't come here wanting to learn your story specifically, but there's so much history I don't know.
There's this shared past that I'm not a part of.
It's like, oh, I don't know, I think maybe learning about the past will help me understand what's going on right now."
Mallory's sigh seemed to allude to every one of her presumably substantial years.
"How very perceptive.
The past is very much driving what's happening right now, but so much of the past is tied up with the very things from which Alec's trying to protect you."
I was bubbling with questions, but sensing that now wasn't the time to push, I sat back and waited in silence while she decided exactly how much to tell me.
"Alec's father was killed nearly two decades ago.
I don't remember everything about that night, I wasn't even conscious for a large part of the happenings, but the pieces I do remember are sharper than they should be.
Sharper in my mind now maybe than even when they happened."
Her hand gripped mine with a fragile strength that hinted at the vibrant, powerful woman she'd been back then.
Back before the years had worn at her.
"The pack was huge back then.
Much larger even than Brandon's is today, but all of that might didn't save Alec's father that night.
There was a nightmare of blood and death, and when the sun finally touched the earth again the next morning, a full third of our number were dead, and most of those who remained were crippled.
I would've been one of the former, except for Donovan."
The questions continued to bubble up inside me, but I throttled them down, suppressing them rather than risking an interruption which might cause her to not finish.
"At great risk to himself he carried me away from the site of the battle, running and swimming more miles than I care to think about.
Eventually his strength finally gave way, and when he couldn't even crawl anymore, he found a cave and did his best to ensure I wouldn't die from exposure.
As soon as he was able to move again, he went back and I haven't seen him since."
"But how?"
The question just kind of popped out before I could think.
It could've been taken as the worst kind of insensitivity; Mallory just gave my hand another squeeze.
"He hasn't always been crippled.
In fact he used to be a delightful dancer.
His injuries were sustained at the hands of the individuals who killed Alec's father, the same ones who wanted to kill me, and who tortured Donovan for days before finally accepting that I'd died from the wounds that left me like this."
Mallory shrugged, slowly and painfully in response to my questioning look.
"My scars aren't readily visible, but they're there.
That's why Alec is forced to come move the food he has sent to me.
The scar tissue built up around my heart tends to pull in painful ways when my pulse starts racing.
I tend not to worry about it all that much, but Alec fears it's a sign of deeper problems.
I generally humor him and leave the heavy lifting for his visits, and we both pretend he doesn't know about the small garden I keep in a nearby cave."
I opened my mouth, but just simply didn't know what to say.
The horror of being trapped in a body that was riddled with old injuries was something thousands of people faced every day, but it seemed even more of a shame for someone who'd once been so vital and strong.
Mallory's smile held only the faintest hint of regret.
"No need to feel sorry for me.
I've had a good run.
A much better one than most of my friends did.
If I haven't managed to accomplish what I was sent down to do in the course of almost a hundred and fifty years, then I've nobody to blame but myself."
"Still, I'm sorry.
You seem much too nice of a person to have had all of that happen to you."
"Nonsense.
If I am kind, it's no doubt because of those very experiences that I would've been the most desperate to avoid.
I think most of the best people are that way exactly because of the things they've endured.
Individuals like Dominic, Rachel, and Jasmin don't just happen.
They're the result of a native goodness being tempered and refined by terrible experiences."
Mallory suddenly doubled over in a fit of coughing that left her white and shaking.
I jumped to my feet and almost ran for Alec, but she grabbed my hand with more of that fragile strength, and pulled me back down.
"There isn't anything he can do for me, child, and unless I'm very much mistaken he's more than normally worried right now.
He's in no kind of way needing yet more to fret about.
Just let me catch my breath and I'll be as right as ever."
Several minutes later, once the renewed bout of coughing had subsided, Mallory looked back up at me with wan features.
"How did it happen?
What brought things between Brandon and our Alec to a head?"
"It was my fault.
I'd been dating Brandon, and we went to a party.
Only while we were there he tried to do things I wasn't comfortable with.
When I told him no, he--they--threw me out and told me to find my own way home."
It was harder to relate the story than I'd expected, but Mallory's cluck of disapproval over Brandon's actions helped a little.
It made me hope that maybe she wasn't going to hate me for bringing ruin to Alec and the others.
"I was stumbling in the dark when Simon and Nathanial came for me, only I didn't know it was them, I just saw two enormous wolves running me down.
If Alec hadn't stopped them I think they probably would've killed me."
"Undoubtedly, but don't let it bother you, sweetie.
This has been all but inevitable since Alec's father died.
From the moment they were born, I could tell that both Alec and Brandon had been gifted with uncommon potential for power."
My blank look apparently made her take pity on me.
"I'm sorry.
I forget you're not aware of my special gift.
I see inside people.
Shape shifters really, but every once in a while normal humans as well.
I can see their potential, and when they develop gifts, I can see the shape those gifts have taken."
"Gifts?"
"The most powerful of the Fir'shan, the hybrids as the younger generation calls them, occasionally develop unusual abilities.
Alec's father's was that of being able to heal himself more rapidly than normal, even for our kind.
Thanatas, the legendary king who defeated the southerners, was said to be able to mold his own body, making powerful changes that made him unbeatable in combat."
Mallory's explanation was tickling the back of my mind.
"Is that why Brandon's unbeatable?"
"Nobody is unbeatable, but yes, that's why Brandon is such a formidable adversary.
His gift is more prosaic than most, it's just increased strength and speed, but that makes him more than a match for most normal hybrids."
"That's why Alec had more food than normal dropped off here then?
Because he really doesn't think he can win?"
Mallory pondered for several seconds, before finally shrugging.
"That may be unduly pessimistic.
He's detail-oriented enough that part of it's probably just an insurance policy for me in case he doesn't prevail, but there is a kernel of truth to your concern.
Alec is an incredible fighter, but Brandon's like hasn't been seen in centuries."
"Why are you telling me all this?
I've been with the others for almost two whole weeks, and nobody's hinted that there were hybrids with special powers."
Mallory patted my hand again.
"I probably wouldn't have complicated things this way save for the fact that for only the third time in my long life, I've looked inside a human, and seen something outside of the ordinary there."
"Wait, you mean me?
I've got a power?
I'm about as ordinary as you can get."
"Hardly ordinary.
Have you had more of the dreams since Alec rescued you?"
"How can they be a power?
They're gorgeous, but nothing cool like what you described."
Mallory started to answer, only to break off as she was overcome with another coughing fit.
Thankfully this one was less intense.
"Many of the gifts aren't flashy like Brandon's strength.
In fact, I suspect that many of the Fir'shan actually develop gifts but never realize it because they're of a less powerful nature, and are mistaken for luck, or uncommonly sharp instincts.
Your gift seems to be that of sharing dreams."
I gasped as I realized what Alec must have suspected for quite some time.
"You mean that was really him in my dreams?"
"Indeed.
That's part of why he was so concerned you might be a powerful Fir'shan posing as a normal human."
A tiny sound just outside the door preempted my next question.
Alec carefully maneuvered a pair of huge metal baskets in through the door.
I felt my eyes go wide as I realized that they were full of hundreds of cans of food.
I didn't even want to guess at how much weight was in each basket, but as Alec cleared the door it was obvious that the slow speed that he'd been moving at had only been due to him not wanting to hit anything.
He moved like they weighed no more than a couple of pillows as he crossed the cabin and set them down in front of what must be the food pantry.
"That was almost as quick as normal."
Alec nodded in response to Mallory's observation.
"I've been lifting weights for a while, but present circumstances dictated a more aggressive program."
He opened the door to the pantry, and started putting cans away, but Mallory waved him off.
"You'll put them in the wrong spots.
Just leave that, and I'll put it away later.
Don't go all mulish on me, I may be old and feeble, but I'm still able to move a can of food.
Come over here and let me look at you."
Alec came back towards us with an air of resignation.
Mallory tenderly accepted the letter he produced from a pocket somewhere, and then waited while Alec knelt in front of her.
I felt a tingle of power as Mallory reached out and placed her hands on either side of his face.
The power surged, and Alec's heavy, cool power was joined by something light and laughing.
Several seconds later, Mallory released Alec with a sigh and fell back in obvious exhaustion.
Alec watched intently until she shook her head, and then the mask fell for just a second before he locked it back in place, hiding the disappointment that for the slimmest of moments had been plainly written on his expression.
Mallory reached out, as if to take Alec's hand, but he gently set her hands back on her lap.
"Nothing's changed.
We'll just proceed as before.
Rest now, and should the worst come to pass I'll send Donovan to you."
A few seconds later Alec and I were outside the cabin, walking back in the direction of the waiting motorcycle.
I reached out to take his hand, and felt a glimmer of relief when he didn't reject the gesture as he had with Mallory.
"Alec, was the letter from Donovan?"
I had to repeat the question again before he shook himself and nodded.
"I've been running letters back and forth between the two of them since I was ten.
I don't come out here very much, but I make the trip as often as it's safe to do so.
They both live for those letters."
We walked in silence for several more seconds before I got the nerve up to verify my interpretation of what I'd just seen.
"She was just looking inside you to see if you've developed a power yet, wasn't she?"
Alec helped me over an especially daunting rock and then nodded.
"And nothing has changed.
She's been telling me for years now that I have the potential to develop a fairly spectacular gift, one that should it choose to manifest in a useful form, could be more than a match for Brandon's strength.
Apparently I'm still right on the point of developing said gift, only our time has run out.
I fight Brandon tonight.
Besides, even if I were to develop a gift this instant, most of them require practice to master, and I'm not going to have a chance to do any of that."
"I'm sorry.
It's my fault that this all happened."
Alec stopped and tugged me around to face him.
"Don't be sorry.
I wish this had happened a long time ago.
We kept stalling, kept waiting for me to develop the ability to stand Brandon off, and it was the wrong thing to do.
I should have challenged him when Simon and Nathanial killed the tourists, should have slapped Vincent down the day he almost killed Ben, should have done something a thousand times over, but I just kept waiting.
Well, I'm finally done waiting, and it's a relief.
I'll fight Brandon tonight, and one way or another things will finally be resolved."
I shook my head in denial, unable to contemplate the horror of what he was discussing, but he gently stopped me before I could complete the motion.
"This isn't your fault.
Even if it was, it wouldn't matter because spending the last two weeks with you would've been more than worth the price."
Chapter 29 The dress hadn't entirely been real inside my mind.
Even after Rachel finally admitted she'd purchased the dress from our Vegas trip, and had it sent here, it'd been hard to believe I was really going to be wearing it at the dance.
It was hard to still be disbelieving when it was hanging from the door just a few feet from me, but I was giving the effort my best shot.
Its green, silky beauty seemed to be mocking me.
There was no way I was going to be able to pull off a dress like that.
Even assuming it didn't fall off of me, I was still going to look like a walrus.
"Stop fidgeting, Adri.
It's just a dance, not a funeral, and if you don't hold still your makeup isn't going to turn out right."
Rachel poked me in the ribs, and then went back to work on the last few details of my 'new and improved' look.
I'd actually been trying to sneak a look in the mirror to find out how everything was shaping up, but it wasn't worth trying to explain.
With the pall that'd descended over the pack once we'd made it back, it was almost certain she wouldn't believe me.
Nobody even knew where we'd gone, but they'd keyed off of our mood faster than I would've believed possible.
The results hadn't been good.
Jasmin stepped back around behind Dominic as I was watching, and for the first time I got a good idea of how the massively piled style Jasmin had been working on for the last half hour was going to turn out.
Dominic frowned at my gasp.
"Oh no, I really look that horrid?"
"No, you're gorgeous.
All of you are amazingly gorgeous.
I suddenly feel uglier than normal."
I wasn't sure my reassurance had been prompt enough, but Jasmin jumped in with a self-satisfied smile.
"She's right, about how beautiful you look, Dom, if not about how pretty she is.
James is going to pant when he sees you."
Rachel had started prepping for the dance early, doing first her own makeup, and then Jasmin's while I was still gone with Alec.
By the time I'd returned, Rachel's youthful features had taken on a mature cast that'd make all kinds of boys wish they'd taken a risk and asked Alec's little sister out.
Jasmin had about the least reason out of any girl alive to be an expert hair dresser since her naturally wavy hair could just air dry and still look like she'd spent hours working on it, but an expert she was.
The results of her efforts on Rachel's behalf were nothing less than spectacular, and the casual-looking knot of curls and twists was wispy in all the right places.
Even with Rachel currently an order of magnitude hotter than normal, Jasmin still captured the prize.
Rachel's work on her behalf had resulted in a makeup job that was so incredibly understated, even us girls had a hard time detecting it.
Her wavy brunette hair had been straightened and pulled back in what looked like an attempt to let some other girls shine for a change, but it just made her look like a goddess who'd decided to spend the night slumming.
Given who she'd spent the last hour being surrounded by, it was no wonder Dominic was worried she was the ugly step sister.
She needn't have worried.
Her features were even more exotic than Jasmin's, and Rachel had chosen bright colors that made her stand out much more than usual.
James' macho cool really was going to finally crack tonight.
Maybe I could pull the dress off after all.
Everyone would be so busy looking at the other three girls that they wouldn't even notice me.
It wasn't ideal, but it was better than nothing.
A quiet knock brought us all around to find Jessica waiting at the door, her makeup and hair partway done, a dress bag slung over her arm.
"Can I join you guys?"
Her voice was scratchy, and her eyes were red from crying, but she was putting on a brave face, and Rachel didn't even hesitate.
"Of course, Jess.
We figured you wanted some privacy with Isaac, or we would've dragged you over here hours ago."
The rest of us were quick to pipe in, but at least on my side, the sentiment was a little half-hearted.
Unlike Jasmin, Jessica never had come around, never made her peace with the fact that because of me things were going to go downhill in a hurry after tonight.
I'd tried to get both Rachel and Dominic to explain why she hated me so much, but neither would give me a real explanation.
Rachel would always just get mad and say there was no excuse for how Jess was acting.
Dominic always refused to say anything other than that Jessica had been through her own set of struggles, and had her reasons for her behavior.
"I'll be done with Dom in just a moment, Jess, then I'll fix your hair while Rachel finishes up with Adri."
The nickname should have hurt, but somehow it wasn't as bad when the pack used it.
It was almost like having a new family, one without all of the grief-poisoned memories that popped up every time I really thought about Dad or Cindi.
Faster than I would've believed possible, we were all in our dresses, and waiting in the living room for the boys to make their appearance.
Jasmin and Rachel had worked what I was pretty sure was actual magic.
Even Jessica was nothing less than stunning, and I didn't look as bad as normal.
Jasmin's backless black dress and shoulder-length gloves had streaks of blue that brought out her eyes, while Dominic's tight, red gown seemed to give her the confidence and poise you'd expect from someone so gorgeous and utterly exotic.
Jess had opted for a sleeveless silver number that flared out at the bottom so much I wasn't sure how Isaac would be able to walk next to her without stepping on the shimmery material.
Rachel's mauve dress was probably the most conservative of all, neither over-snug, nor especially low-cut.
It had seemed entirely out of character considering what she'd purchased for the rest of us, but when I'd asked, she'd just grimaced and said Alec would've made her stay home if she'd chosen anything more daring.
None of which helped me feel any more comfortable in the tight, strapless wonder Rachel had been so excited to give me.
Even with all of the weight I'd lost since the accident, it still felt like the material was fighting a losing battle to stretch itself over my frame.
I'd been hoping to be able to put off actually putting the dress on for at least another half hour, but when my makeup had finally been pronounced satisfactory, Jasmin had studied me for a few minutes, pulled my hair back, secured it with a pair of silver combs I was worried might actually contain genuine diamonds, and then helped Rachel cram me into the dress.
If Jessica hadn't grudgingly complimented me on just how good my hair looked, I might have suspected Jasmin was trying to purposefully make me look worse than the other girls.
Dominic and Rachel had to tell me I looked good, that was an unwritten girl-rule regardless of what species you were.
Jessica had no such imperative, so I was forced to conclude Jasmin had done the best she could considering what she had to work with, and resigned myself to being the homely one in the group.
Still, seeing all of the other girls in one place, fully decked out in the kind of shoes I'd always wanted to wear, but never been able to pull off, was even more intimidating.
I was once again psyching myself up to be seen in public, when Donovan limped into the room and cleared his throat.
"The gentlemen have at long last arrived."
Isaac was the first one through the door, looking particularly 007 in a tux that amazingly enough had the occasional silver thread that matched perfectly with Jessica's dress.
I looked up from his outfit just in time to see a flash of concern melt away into relief.
I had just a moment to wonder at the novelty of Isaac showing that much emotion all at one time, and then James stalked through the door in a tux that was so cutting edge, that I wasn't sure if there was anything else like it anywhere in the States.
The shimmery nature of the fabric combined with an unusually angular, sharp cut to make it different than anything else I'd ever seen.
I worked my way up from the blindingly-polished black shoes, to the splash of deep red peeking out of his chest pocket, and somewhere along the way decided I loved the tux.
As amazing as James' and Isaac's tuxes were, I was already looking past them, craning my neck to see down the hall in a vain effort to catch a glimpse of Alec.
There was no reason for my heart to be pounding away so furiously in my chest, but unlikely or not, my body at least seemed convinced he was going to change his mind and leave me standing here by myself.
Rachel looked up from her conversation with Jasmin just long enough to give me a reassuring smile, and then I heard the barest whisper of sound.
I spun around with a speed that gave lie to all of my pathetic attempts to pretend like I hadn't been worried.
Alec was standing in the doorway, having crossed the distance down the hall faster than I would've believed possible, appearing almost as if by sorcery.
His shoes were every bit as shiny as James', leading up to slacks that could've been mistaken for shiny, but were actually something else, something with more depth than anything I'd seen before.
The coat was made out of the same material, tailored tightly enough it managed to emphasize rather than conceal his massive shoulders and chest.
His pocket square matched his bow-tie, both of which were the exact shade of green used on my dress.
It wasn't a masculine color by almost any standard, but he made it his, and there wasn't anything about him that could be described as anything other than manly.
Having stalled as long as I could, I finally looked up past his perfect lips and met his twinkling eyes.
A smile tugged at the corner of his mouth as he walked towards me, and it wasn't until he stopped and held out his hand that I realized it hadn't been empty this whole time.
"Rachel said you needed some shoes."
While I was still struggling to get thoughts to coalesce into words, Alec smoothly went down onto one knee, and picked up my left foot.
The work of art he slipped onto my foot was so beautiful I felt bad letting it touch the ground.
I held it up for a second, admiring the way the lights played off its gentle curves while I convinced myself nobody was going to throw me into jail for defiling it by using it for its intended function.
Glass, or possibly something else perfectly transparent.
It was hard to tell for sure what it was from so far away, but it wasn't plastic.
The cool ovals where the sole had been cut away to reveal the material underneath told me that much.
Whatever it was, it'd been created in layers.
The outermost material was achingly clear, while the inner layers seemed increasingly less so.
Alec waited, another smile playing about his lips, while I came to terms with the shoes.
He then deftly slipped the other shoe onto my right foot, and steadied me as I tried to adjust to suddenly being almost six inches taller.
"They're perfect.
Thank you."
Rachel ducked around her brother so she could see the shoes and then smiled before leaning in to whisper.
"Mom wore those to the Ashure Day Dance, the one where she fell in love with Dad."
I pulled back in protest, but Alec's grasp on my hand tightened just enough to stop me.
"She wanted you to wear them.
They were meant to be worn again tonight."
My head was still spinning as Alec offered me his arm and led me out of the room.
There was a limo, easily the largest vehicle I'd ever seen, waiting for us outside.
We piled into it with plenty of room to spare.
The bar was fully stocked, but Alec shook his head at Rachel when she made as if to reach for a drink.
Nobody else seemed even the slightest bit interested in the prospect of alcohol.
Rachel sat back with a pout and then turned and whispered in my ear.
"Stupid shape shifters.
None of them can get drunk, so they deprive the rest of us of the best parts of being young and stupid."
Once we arrived at the park, I did my best to pretend obliviousness to all of the gasps and stares as we trickled out of the limo.
It was a good thing Alec had such a steady arm, it was all I could do not to stumble as I took in the transformation that'd taken place.
Our group glided up to the covered pavilion, surrounded in a pocket of silence as the rest of the crowd turned to see who'd just arrived.
Alec produced tickets for all of us from a pocket somewhere while I was still taking in the sheer number of lights that'd been assembled for the occasion.
The decorations inside the pavilion were amazing.
Swathes of silk gave the open-air building an ethereal feel, while candles and other light sources created a soft illumination.
I didn't have to possess preternatural hearing to catch whispers about the city having received a very large, very anonymous donation just a few days before.
The committee had obviously chosen to spend it on decorations.
My newfound height put me closer to Alec's ear.
I only had to tug on his arm a little bit to get him down to where I could whisper to him.
"That was you, wasn't it?"
"What if it was?"
"It's too much.
I mean it's really nice, incredibly gorgeous in fact, but it must have cost you a fortune."
Alec shrugged.
"A paltry sum if it helps ensure a perfect night for you."
"You've done so much.
I mean the dress, the shoes, and now this.
Thank you, but you really shouldn't have."
His smile was back, and for some reason it nearly pulled tears out of me.
"I'm glad you like it.
The fact that everyone else gets to participate is nice, but really it's all for you.
Of course I did make a couple of stipulations."
The music started up before I could ask what he meant.
Almost before I realized what was going on, I found myself twirling through some kind of modified waltz.
For the first time in my life, I was glad Dad had drilled me for all of those weeks when I'd turned twelve.
My first dance had still been complete and utter misery, but at least I managed not to trip over my own feet as Alec led me around the room in time to archaic music.
The rest of the pack fell into formation around us, all dancing much more proficiently than me.
James and Dominic led the way, with Jasmin and Rachel dancing off to our left.
Amazingly enough, Isaac and Jessica were far and away the best; he was leading her through steps that were at least twice as hard as anything we were trying.
For maybe the first time I'd ever seen, Jessica was happy.
She seemed completely in her element, utterly oblivious to the number of people watching her every move, and I felt just a little of my resentment dissolve.
"You're all such good dancers.
How did that happen?"
Alec released my waist and spun me out and back in without missing a single step.
I wished I could be so lucky, only the fact that his arm was like an iron bar allowed me to keep my misstep from resulting in a fall, or possibly a sprained ankle.
"Donovan has very inflexible standards when it comes to some things.
Dancing happens to be one of them.
In fact, I don't think I'll ever forget the expression on Jasmin's face when he told her she could go clubbing all she wanted after he judged her suitably proficient in real dancing.
He said he wouldn't have her 'seduced by throbbing beats and soulless contact' before he'd at least exposed her to proper dance steps."
I felt a giggle surge past my lips, and pressed them tight before I could completely embarrass myself.
"That's amazing.
My dad thought knowing how to dance would make my first dance easier.
It turned out to be a complete waste of time.
Nobody asked me to dance and his lessons wouldn't have helped even if they had.
Still, now I wish I'd done a better job of learning."
Alec nodded, but there was a distracted air to the gesture.
I waited while we made another quarter of a journey, him gracefully, me not quite so much, around the floor, before opening my mouth to speak, but he beat me to it.
"I don't suppose either of us talk about our dads much.
I'm not pushing, but if you ever need to talk about him, about what happened, I'll listen.
I'll even try to suppress the natural male instinct to present advice or solutions."
I missed another step, but I wasn't fighting off a panic attack, I was just shocked that his words hadn't triggered one.
Maybe it was just a function of the simple passage of time, but that didn't feel like the right answer.
Wrapped inside his right arm as I was, the pleasant tingle surging through me wherever our skin touched, it seemed utterly impossible anything could ever have that kind of power to hurt me again.
I regained my footing, and it wasn't until Alec ceased moving that I realized the music had stopped.
"Sorry, the stipulation was two decent songs, and then the DJ could play three of whatever he was in the mood for."
"It's okay, I actually need to sit down for a minute."
The words came out as a reflex, designed to let boys gracefully bow out of having to keep dancing with me, but a slight tremor in my legs put some truth to the polite lie.
I really was tired.
Even more surprising was the way that Alec held onto my hand as he led me over to a line of chairs.
He was normally so careful not to prolong physical contact.
Rachel and Jasmin were waiting for us as we reached the chairs.
"Big brother, will you please take Jasmin out on the dance floor so she can get some practice following?
I tried to lead last time and she kept tripping me."
Alec gave me a considering look, and then nodded as I faked a smile at him and gestured my assent.
Rachel turned to me as I suppressed a stab of jealousy.
"I swear she's going to explode if Ben doesn't show up.
Considering that dances are about the last place he'd ever go of his own free will, I think the odds are better than even that she'll leave little pieces of herself all over the park before the night is over."
The revelation was like being hit by a Volvo.
Somehow I'd assumed that all of the things Brandon had told me were lies.
"Wait, she really does like Ben?
I mean Brandon said she did, but I just assumed it was a lie like everything else he told me."
Rachel patted my hand.
"Brandon's lies are so convincing precisely because he's so careful to mix a healthy serving of truth in there to go along with the false.
She's liked Ben for almost as long as I can remember.
I think it all started when they both ended up at the school nurse together with broken bones due to 'falling down the stairs.'"
I felt a shiver course through me at the thought of what Rachel was implying.
Watching Jasmin twirl through moves that seemed to be a modification of East Coast Swing, it was hard to believe anyone so self-possessed could've had that kind of childhood.
I thought about asking for more details, but it felt wrong, like reading someone else's e-mail.
Besides, I was pretty sure Rachel would tell me it was Jasmin's story, and I'd just have to go to her with my questions.
The music picked up slightly, and Jasmin and Alec sped up with it.
They were moving so quickly now it almost seemed they were better than Isaac and Jessica.
A quick visual search laid that question to rest though.
I could just make out Isaac's towering form across the pavilion in the corner where they'd apparently gone to find room for some of their more impressive moves.
It seemed amazing to me that they were willing to move so quickly around normal, uninformed humans, but apparently they figured professional dancers were at least as quick.
I shook my head and turned back to Rachel, only to feel my throat constrict as I saw Britney.
Not only was she wearing a tight, black dress that made her look at least twice as hot as me, she also happened to be draped across Brandon's arm.
I was so caught up watching Britney that it took me several seconds to notice the differences in her date.
Brandon had always exuded a sense of confidence, but sometime since I'd last seen him, it had morphed into something even more aggressive.
He still cut through crowds, but people weren't moving out of his way out of deference anymore.
Instead they were dodging away to avoid being run over.
I felt the fine hair on the back of my neck stand on end, but was distracted by Alec's return before I could figure out what else had changed about Brandon.
Jasmin pulled Rachel to her feet, and gently pushed her towards Alec before casually taking a seat next to me.
It was a careful act.
I'd spent way too much time with the pack to believe any of them had failed to notice Brandon's entrance.
My gaze wandered back to where Vincent and Cassie were arrogantly walking through the door.
Where Brandon had chosen a fairly traditional black tux, Vincent had selected a silvery masterpiece that probably cost only half as much as the former's outfit, but which practically screamed for attention.
Cassie trailed along half a step behind Vincent, in a gray evening gown that was equal parts material and skin.
Backless and strapless, combined with some fairly daring cutouts.
She could probably have made a run for royalty if she hadn't topped the dress off with a scowl.
She didn't look happy to be on Vincent's arm instead of pressed up against Brandon.
Jasmin elbowed me in the ribs, distracting me before I could start in on whomever it was that happened to be following along behind Cassie.
"Just ignore them.
Even Brandon won't try anything with this many witnesses around.
It's just more dominance games."
I nodded.
It made sense, but it was all I could do to keep my eyes grounded despite the cold prickles running up and down my spine.
Actual conversation was just too much, so I sat quietly with my head slightly bowed while the song ran its course.
Alec's fingers gently pulled my chin up as the music ended.
"Dance with me?"
I mustered a brave smile as I nodded and let him lead me out onto the dance floor.
It was a slow song this time, and Alec didn't protest when I abandoned all pretense of actual dancing, and just leaned into him hungrily.
The reassurance I was seeking was weaker than normal.
The solid feel of his body was just as permanent as always, but there was no tingle where our skin touched.
Almost as though sensing my thoughts, Alec hugged me tightly and buried his chin in my hair.
"I know you don't want to hear this, but it isn't too late for you to change your mind.
Even now, it'd be a relatively simple thing to have you halfway across the country by the time the challenge actually occurs."
The thought of what was coming filled me with dread, but I shook my head.
As scary as all of this was, I knew flying away and never knowing what'd happened would be worse.
Alec was probably going to die, and all of the rest of us with him, but if he didn't, if the pack somehow managed to survive the coming crisis, I wanted to be there.
Alec was more than capable of sending me away and then never letting me know he'd survived.
There was a constant war inside him over what to do with me and I couldn't afford to give up my one advantage.
He seemed less able to contemplate cutting me out of his life when I was around.
I planned on playing that card for all it was worth.
I was staying and that was it.
Alec sighed, presumably in resignation, and then suddenly my legs were thrown up in front of me as he picked me up with inhuman speed.
Only the steady pressure of Alec's arm around my waist kept me from screaming, and then I was back on my feet, and being carefully, but firmly shoved through a tangled knot of bodies.
My shoes had never been intended to allow ankles to withstand that kind of punishment.
Even just walking had been risky, so it wasn't a surprise when my right foot slipped, and a sharp knife of pain shot through that ankle as it collapsed under me.
Dealing with blinding agony hadn't ever been my strong point.
I opened my mouth to scream, only to find that no sound would come out.
The world was still spinning, but I was oriented just enough to realize that Dominic had her hand over my mouth and nose.
I pulled at her arm, but the effort was completely futile.
Rising panic over not being able to breathe made me hammer at the iron bar pressing me against her, but she never looked away from whatever had captured her concentration.
Rachel suddenly appeared off to my right, and she put her finger to her lips, and then sank all ten fingernails into Dominic's arm.
The sudden absence of the support I'd been unconsciously using to keep weight off of my right foot resulted in tear-jerking pain as the damaged appendage touched down, but I gritted my teeth and managed to keep it down to a hiss.
Rachel draped my arm over her shoulders, and then dragged me forward a couple of awkward, hopping steps.
A couple of heartbeats passed before I realized the pool of shadow before us was Jessica.
She had her eyes closed and was rocking back and forth as Rachel carefully pulled her to us.
I mirrored Rachel's actions, wrapping my free arm around Jess as I whipped my head back and forth in an effort to figure out what was going on.
We were pressed up against one corner of the pavilion, with what I assumed was the rest of the pack between us and everyone else.
For a moment the wall of bodies precluded figuring out what was going on, but then Isaac shifted slightly to the left, and I saw Brandon and Vincent through the gap.
The pools of black where Vincent's eyes should have been finally made me aware of the prickle of energy arcing back and forth between the two rival groups.
I couldn't imagine what it must feel like where Alec or Brandon were standing.
Even just the fringe of power dancing over my arms and shoulders was enough to make me profoundly grateful I wasn't any closer to the epicenter.
Vincent's sadistic smile sent shivers down my spine, but it was nothing compared to Brandon's expression.
I'd known for a couple of weeks now that what the outside world saw was nothing more than a mask, but I hadn't realized just what was under the facade.
Now I knew.
It was like he'd spent the last few days peeling back some of the layers that'd hidden him, and the sheer inhumanity waiting underneath completely distracted me from the throbbing in my ankle.
He held Britney before him, ostensibly caressing her, but in reality using her as a shield, his dark eyes daring Alec to attack.
Britney was apparently unable to sense the crackling power surrounding her.
She looked completely unconcerned, ecstatic even to be where she was, clasped in Brandon's left arm.
Brandon's lips drew back, but it wasn't in a smile, it was the human equivalent to showing his hackles.
"Break it up!
You kids back off!"
The words seemed to float in from far away.
They certainly didn't have an effect on any of the shape shifters.
Vincent was moving too slowly for my human eyes to detect any change, but I was sure he was closer now than the last time I'd looked.
The feeling of insects marching across my skin intensified as James started shaking.
Jasmin and Dominic both followed suit within seconds, and the feeling doubled as several of Brandon's wolves went into near convulsions.
"I said break it up!"
Mr. Paterson shoved his way past a pair of Brandon's wolves, and for a split second I thought they were going to turn and kill him.
A heartbeat before they moved a low, barely perceptible growl washed over the entire scene.
I realized that the sound was coming from Alec, spreading out from him in ripples of calm.
As the noise touched the shaking wolves in either pack, they calmed down, saving Mr. Paterson from injury he'd never even seen coming.
"This ends now.
I don't care who started what, you guys are done dancing.
Alec, you and your friends leave now.
Brandon, you guys are out of here in the exact opposite direction and I mean now."
For several seconds nobody moved.
"I'm not talking because I like the sound of my own voice, people.
If you leave now, I'll forget this ever happened.
If someone doesn't start moving in the next three seconds, I'll see the whole lot of you expelled and brought up on charges."
Mr. Paterson was still too new to know what he was dealing with.
For a moment it looked like Brandon was going to let Vincent knock the teacher into a wall, but then he gestured Vincent back.
Brandon's pack relaxed slightly, and then, presumably acting on a signal from Alec that I couldn't see, Dominic and Jasmin fell back to help Jess and I.
Even with Dominic under my right arm, I couldn't hop along without jostling my ankle, and I felt tears gathering in the corners of my eyes again.
Alec carefully lifted me into his arms before I took more than two or three hops.
Jasmin had her cell phone out before she'd even made it to the stairs, and the sound of a massive engine under hard acceleration heralded the arrival of our limo.
I leaned back in my seat as everyone else settled into their spots.
Alec pulled out his pocket square and used it to dab away my tears.
"I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to set you down so hard."
Jasmin interrupted before I could say anything.
"Any slower and you'd have been cut off from the rest of us by those mutts."
My confusion must have been obvious.
Dominic looked up from Jess.
"Vincent and Cassie cut Jess and Isaac off from the rest of us."
Rachel leaned in so she could whisper.
"Jess is terrified of what Vincent and Brandon will do to her if they get a chance.
She collapsed, and then everyone stormed the area."
The limo hit a particularly nasty bump, and a wave of pain drove questions about what exactly Brandon had threatened out of my mind.
I'd never noticed how bad the roads between school and Alec's house were.
Each jostle sent waves of agony up my leg, and Jess's quiet sobs kept time to my suppressed gasps.
It was one of the worst half hours of my life, and by the time we made it to Alec's house, I felt like I'd been wrung out.
Alec yelled for Donovan and the first-aid kit as he carried me inside, and set me down in the living room.
Donovan appeared a few seconds later, and edged Alec out of the way.
He stripped off my shoe and then his prodding fingers brought another couple hisses out of me as he checked for a break.
Apparently satisfied with whatever he'd found, he pulled out a syringe and filled it from a little vial while Alec gently scrubbed my ankle down with an alcohol pad.
"Fortuitously, it's not broken, but I'm afraid it's one of the uglier sprains I've seen.
I can take care of the pain though."
There was a reason I'd never had the slightest inclination to give blood, but fear of needles or not, I couldn't bring myself to protest, so I just shut my eyes and gripped Alec's hand as Donovan stuck the needle in several different locations.
The blessed numbness quickly spread out to encompass my entire foot.
Working with a sure quickness any surgeon would have envied, Donovan wrapped my ankle and then examined his handiwork with a nod of approval.
"That should take care of the pain and immobilize it so it can begin healing, but it is vitally important that you don't put any weight on it, Mistress Paige."
Alec gripped Donovan's shoulder in thanks, and then nodded as Donovan excused himself to go see to Jess.
"We should go too.
Poor Jess."
Alec shook his head.
"They've already got her mostly settled down.
James and Dom have already split off, and Jasmin and Rachel will leave next.
She just needs some time.
Time and Isaac."
Once again it boggled my mind that they could all live with so little privacy.
Alec interrupted my thoughts.
"I'm sorry to have ruined your night.
I wanted it to be perfect.
I should have known that wasn't possible.
Not with everything hanging over our heads."
It felt funny to smile.
The gesture belonged with perfect times, not ones in which people other than me were having nervous breakdowns.
Then again, a bad night with Alec still somehow managed to beat most other good nights.
"Everything was almost perfect.
If there was anything less than ideal, it wasn't your fault."
"Still, I'd like to make it up to you."
He looked down at my ankle and then smiled with a hint of mischievousness.
"I suppose dancing is out, but I think I've got something that'll do just about as well."
Alec carefully picked me up before I could respond.
A few seconds later we were outside, traveling through the darkness with a breakneck speed that would've been suicidal with merely human vision.
I was completely lost by the time we came around a corner and my inferior eyes were finally able to see the first hints of light up ahead.
Alec slowed, to prolong the suspense as we got closer.
Even so, it was only a few more steps before the grotto materialized out of the darkness before us.
I'd thought it'd been breathtaking two weeks ago bathed in the light of the full moon.
I'd been amazed at its lush beauty the couple of times I'd snuck back during the daylight.
Neither of those compared to what greeted me now.
Soft light came from dozens of floating lamps that'd been placed in the pool, all of which gave off an aching, white luminescence that seemed perfectly matched to the brilliant white of the rose petals scattered over the surface of the water.
It wasn't until we got closer that I could make out the purple edging to the petals.
"Lagrimas."
Alec's voice was husky.
"Nothing else would be appropriate.
Not for you, not tonight."
As we continued forward I was able to make out the other additions to the grotto.
The hundreds of petals had been joined by a dozen of their potted sisters.
Their rich, heavenly scent filled the air from scores of perfect, tall buds, and I found myself leaning forward slightly in Alec's arms in an effort to capture more of its essence.
Alec circled the pool and then stopped before a wooden easel that'd escaped my notice.
The subtle tinkling of the tiny waterfall behind us was suddenly joined by a slight, but definitely cooling breeze that dove down into the grotto before making its way back out using the path we'd just followed in.
It didn't seem fair for things to cool off now when it was so inconvenient after so many weeks of oppressive heat.
I was still musing over the injustice of it all when Alec shifted me around so I was held in just one arm.
"There's something I'd like you to have.
Something I hope will help you remember what you mean to me..." He trailed off, and then seemingly at a loss for words, reached out and lifted the black velvet that'd been covering the painting.
Another graceful gesture flipped on the set of soft lights surrounding its border.
As always with Alec's paintings, it took me a second before I could shift my perspective enough to translate the beautiful formations of light into something I could tie to the drab, dreary world I inhabited.
It was the same grotto where we now stood.
The warm glow from the climbing ivory and roses formed a backdrop awash in the silvery light of a full moon.
Just visible off to one side was the pool, alive with enough microscopic life to give it a pale glow of its own to compliment the off-center reflection of a hundred tiny lights.
A few seconds later I finally recognized that the subject of the piece was a female, reaching out towards the point of view with glowing hands.
"She's beautiful.
It's how I always imagined an angel would appear."
Alec was silent for so long I finally tore my gaze from his masterpiece long enough to find that he was staring at me with surprise.
"It's you, Adri.
Of course it's beautiful."
For a second I couldn't breathe.
It seemed so utterly impossible.
Maybe it could've been a painting of Cindi, but not one of me.
I couldn't possibly be the gorgeous figure he'd brought to life on his canvas.
I opened my mouth to protest, and then the expression on her face finally registered for me.
Compassion.
Acceptance of the viewer, combined with an obvious desire to mend grievous hurts.
It was exactly how I remembered feeling.
My questing eyes finally found the last, missing piece.
There was the gratitude.
Misplaced on her perfect face.
Wrong on the features of someone who couldn't possibly need help from a mere mortal, but still there.
"It's so beautiful.
I don't know what to say.
Are you sure you want to give it up?"
Alec looked back up at me, and his eyes were filled with incredible need.
I was suddenly struck by the similarities to the me he'd painted, and what I saw written on his face.
It seemed impossible he would be unsure, that a glorious being like him could ever need anything I could provide, but I couldn't deny it was there.
There was no way of knowing what it was, but I didn't care.
Whatever it was he needed I wanted to give him.
I opened my mouth to say as much, but my vocal chords wouldn't cooperate.
I was still trying to verbalize my feelings, when his free hand came down to my chin and gently pulled it up.
My heart stuttered and threatened to quit as his lips slowly came down to meet mine.
My only other experience had been so terrible that I nearly panicked, but before I could formulate a protest, or even decide if a protest was what I wanted, our flesh touched.
The contact immediately drove every other thought from my mind.
His lips were the perfect combination of firm and soft, and the heart that'd been all but stopped a second before sped up to heart attack rates, slamming itself against my chest in an effort to get closer to him.
All of my senses were blending together.
I couldn't tell if he smelled incredible, tasted like heaven, or if it was all just a side effect of the energy which had gone from tingling to crackling as soon as our faces touched.
My inhibitions, the ones that'd always kept me from acting on the occasional amorous impulse, evaporated sometime in the first half second, and I found myself with both arms wrapped around his neck, clinging to him with all my strength.
Later I'd probably claim it was to steady myself against the wave of dizziness, but right now I knew it was because I wanted him more than anything I'd ever experienced.
Alec pulled me away, held me at arm's length while I gasped for air, and then once I calmed down a little, he smiled and pulled me in close again, just for a hug this time.
I tried to turn it into a kiss, but he deftly avoided my attempt, burying his face in my hair.
"I'd like to, I truly would, but I don't think that would be fair to you.
Even letting that happen was a mistake.
I've never come so close to losing control."
He wasn't breathing hard, and normally a comment like that would've made me doubt his feelings for me, but what I'd just felt was too powerful to deny.
I could still see traces of desire in his eyes; and for the first time since I'd met him, I was absolutely positive he wasn't ever going to leave me.
"I don't think it was a mistake.
I want to kiss you again, but I'll behave."
"You like the painting then?"
I nodded, and then shivered.
It's amazing how a near complete loss of physical control can burn through your energy reserves.
Alec frowned.
"I'm sorry.
I forget sometimes how much easier it is for you and Rachel to catch a chill.
Let's get you inside where it's a bit more temperate."
It seemed like such a waste, leaving the grotto after all the work that'd been put into transforming it, but Alec waved away my protests.
He easily cradled me in one arm, while carefully picking up my painting with his free hand.
A short time later, we were back inside the house and headed towards his room.
Cuddled up against his chest with the familiar, warm tingle caressing my skin, my system apparently decided I was completely safe, and started shutting down.
I was doing a fairly respectable job of hiding my drooping eyelids, but all my efforts were undone by the prodigious yawn that ambushed me as he set me down on the bed.
"I'm not tired, I promise."
His eyebrow arched in disbelief as I pulled him down onto the bed, and I found myself admitting the truth.
"Okay, I might be a little tired, but it isn't a big deal.
I want to spend as much time with you as possible.
After all, it isn't like I'm going to be able to really get much rest between now and whenever we need to leave for the challenge."
His wonderfully expressive face froze into the stony mask he wore so often with the rest of the world.
"You weren't planning on bringing me, were you?"
"It's not safe, Adri.
I don't want to leave you anymore than you want to be left, but it's the only option."
"No, it isn't, just bring me along."
His fist clenched, knotting up the covers next to my head, but I was long past worrying he'd lose control of his beast and hurt me by accident.
"You heard Mallory.
The odds are very good that I'm not coming back.
If the worst happens, the rest of the pack may very well have to try and fight their way out of there.
They won't be able to get you out, they'll be lucky to survive even fleeing unencumbered.
I can't ask them to run that gauntlet carrying you the whole way."
I ran my finger along his cheek, mirroring the motion he'd done to me so many times.
"Then don't ask them.
You'll either win, in which case it doesn't matter whether I'm there or not, or else I don't care what happens."
Both fists were knotted now, and unless I was very much mistaken, there was just the barest hint of a shake there as well.
"Don't be ridiculous, Adri.
You should know at least a little by now what they're capable of.
I can't let you expose yourself to the kinds of things Vincent or Brandon would...it's out of the question."
Mom had always gone on and on about how nurturing I was.
When she was less happy with me, she tended to focus more on just how stubborn I could be.
It wasn't always obvious what would set off a bout of 'stiff neck' as she referred to it, but the only people who'd ever successfully talked me into a 'reasonable, rational' response had been Dad and Cindi.
I could feel that same core of iron making its presence known right now.
I wasn't going to be deprived of however much time I had left with him.
I wasn't going to be losing this argument.
"Alec, I need to be there with you tonight.
If you leave me here, I'll head out on my own and look for you."
The shake was definitely there, and getting more pronounced.
"I'll order Donovan to keep you here."
"You can try.
He may even do it, but I don't think so.
He's far too much the gentleman to keep a lady captive against her will.
Even if he does, do you really think he can watch over me every second?"
With a sharp tearing sound, Alec's right hand elongated into the viciously clawed weapon of his hybrid form.
It shredded the comforter and mattress just a few inches from my head.
I gave him my best lop-sided smile and kissed his arm.
"You're not going to scare me off with cheap tricks.
This is important."
His eyes were an intense blue, paler than normal.
They were Alec's eyes, but they were also the eyes of his beast, and I suddenly realized the dominance stuff wasn't just a game.
There was a feral part of Alec that didn't play well with others, that would kill or be killed in turn rather than have his will thwarted.
A complex collage of emotions flooded through my system as I tried to process what that meant, and whether or not I needed to be scared.
As suddenly as it'd changed before, Alec's fist relaxed, shrinking back into its normal size and shape like melting snow.
"All right.
You can come.
I don't like it.
Don't like knowing you're guaranteed not to survive my passing, but it's your choice."
I was too busy being amazed by how quickly he'd stopped shaking, how rapidly his eyes had gone back to normal to really wonder whether or not it was all just an elaborate ruse designed to lull me into a false sense of security so he could trap me here.
"Not that I'm complaining, mind you, but why the sudden change?"
Alec gave me a lopsided smile of his own.
"My death is nearly certain, but there's always a chance I'll somehow survive.
As unlikely as that is, I don't want to survive and then find I've poisoned you against me.
I won't stop you."
I felt things I hadn't realized were knotted up relax inside me.
When my voice finally came out it was smaller than normal.
"Thank you."
Alec shrugged and gave me another smile.
"You must have driven your parents crazy with that refusal to back down."
"I suppose I might have frustrated them a time or two."
"And to think Rachel says I'm stubborn."
I started to smile, but stopped as he cocked his head to the side in what was unmistakably a listening posture.
"What's the matter?
What do you hear?"
"Jasmin just left."
"What's wrong with that?"
"It's not safe for her to leave the estate.
Brandon's pack could be waiting for her."
He started to move, but I held onto him.
"Alec, she'll probably be okay.
I know it isn't the best idea but please don't stop her.
Not tonight."
It was like I could see the thoughts dart around as he put pieces together, and I was suddenly torn between telling him in the hopes it would buy Jasmin her last night with Ben, and trying to keep her secret.
My heart raced until he finally relaxed and sank back down with me.
"Please don't let on that you know.
I wasn't supposed to say anything.
I just couldn't let you go after her."
The immediate crisis past, I could have lost myself looking at his features, but a slow smile suddenly reminded me of the only other person I knew that could pack so much pain in such a simple gesture.
"What about Rachel, Alec?
Where is she?"
I hadn't thought his expression could become anymore bittersweet.
I was wrong.
"Rachel doesn't have anyone either, but she's still suffering from a deeper hurt.
She's with my mother."
My confusion must have been more than usually self-evident as I sat up.
"No, Mother isn't going through a good episode.
She's asleep.
Rachel crept into her room and crawled into bed with her.
It's a poor substitute for what she aches for, but it's all Mother can offer right now."
"Alec, there must be something we can do."
He gently captured my hands, stilling their frantic motion and shook his head.
"Not right now.
Rachel cherishes her few remaining illusions.
One of the most important is the pretense that nobody knows just how hard it is sometimes for her to be the only human in a house full of shape shifters."
I felt my lips trembling, and he freed one of his hands to brush it lightly across my mouth.
"You've been a godsend for her, Adri.
As badly as it hurts each time she sneaks away, it hasn't happened nearly as often since you got here.
She's been improving ever since you moved into town, and the rate of change has increased over the last two weeks."
"I suppose we make quite the pair, her and I.
Two shattered little dolls trying our best to make sure the pieces don't blow away and leave us with nothing.
An imposition to everyone around us."
He hugged me to him as he shook his head.
"Not an imposition.
Never that."
It felt wrong to try and kiss Alec right now.
I didn't want to make light of Rachel's hurt, or Jasmin's loneliness, but his presence was too great a temptation to pass up.
My face started out in the hollow of his neck, drinking in the ambrosia of his scent, and then moved up towards his lips without conscious decision on my part.
Our lips met, and it felt like a warm, pleasant surge of electricity washed from my head down to the tips of my toes.
My head started spinning almost instantly, only my hand on his chest, and his arms around my waist kept me from losing my balance completely.
As it was, I still fell into him, overcome by weakness as my heart stopped beating altogether.
No more than a second or two of breathlessness could have possibly passed, but Alec pulled away, firmly holding me at arm's length.
"You need to get some sleep.
Regardless of how the fight turns out, you'll need to be well-rested."
My best longing look didn't seem to be having any effect on him, so I finally nodded and relaxed back onto the bed.
"I guess I did promise to behave myself.
I don't think I'll be able to sleep, but if you'll tell me another story I'll at least try..." Apparently satisfied by my promise, Alec joined me on the bed and pulled me close.
I was still chilled enough from being outside for the warmth of his arms to feel good.
"Adjam and Inock found that the dayborn had lost all knowledge of their loving mother, and that they reacted poorly to Inock's plague form.
Neither brother was able to maintain their original forms for more than a few hours at a time, and although Adjam was able to blend in with the animals found in the area, there was nothing like Inock's feline body nearby, and he was chased and hunted by many of the dayborn, for they thought him a demon."
Alec's breath caressed the back of my neck even as his quiet, velvety baritone reached inside my head and smoothed away the tensions that'd been keeping me from seeking sleep.
I knew there'd been a reason for being so scared, but I just couldn't bring myself to care about it now.
"The brothers watched the dayborn for many turnings, but although they learned many things, they found themselves unable to learn the dayborns' language.
Even worse, the dayborn hunters were becoming ever more skilled at tracking Inock, and they began to press him sorely."
I felt as though I was drifting.
The bed no longer mattered, or even seemed to exist.
All that mattered was the story and the warm drowsiness that increased with each breath.
"Adjam saw his brother's frustration grow, but he never suspected just how strong it'd become until two hunters brought Inock to bay, and he turned on them.
Inock killed the first hunter and would have done likewise to the second, but Adjam sprang upon his brother, knocking him away before the second man could be harmed."
Alec's fingers slowly caressed my stomach as he spoke.
It should have tickled, but instead it lulled me even further towards oblivion.
"And thereby the full effect of the Earth's curse was felt.
Trapped as they were in their beast forms, neither brother could talk to the other, and the resulting confrontation quickly spun out of control.
Hours later Adjam was left bleeding and broken as his brother disappeared into the night."
Alec's soothing voice continued on, but I'd lost the ability to listen.
My mind floated off into visions of a battered wolf who dragged himself over to a brook before collapsing on the bank, streaked with mud.
Just before the blackness carried me completely away, a willowy girl appeared from behind a thicket of trees and timidly approached the bleeding figure.
Chapter 30 The cool night air dimpled my skin despite the warmth of Alec's chest.
We'd been walking for quite a while before I came fully awake.
Dominic and Jasmin had shaken me awake, and then helped me out of my dress and into jeans and a white shirt.
Donovan had been waiting in the hall just outside Alec's room.
He'd pressed objects into Dom and Jasmin's hands, and then brushed his lips across the back of my hand.
He slipped away, and then we'd entered a brightly-lit room filled with the rest of the pack.
Alec had picked me up and carried me out to a massive SUV that I'd never seen before.
Everyone piled in, and despite the seriousness of rapidly approaching events, I fell back asleep somewhere en route to our destination.
Apparently you couldn't drive all the way though, because we were walking again, or at least some of us were.
I could just make out Isaac off a little ways into the darkness.
He was in hybrid form and moving with a ground-devouring gait that was deceptively smooth.
Flashes of movement off to either side of us, lower to the ground, made me sure the girls were all following along on four legs.
Alec shifted me around as he realized I was awake.
"We've still got nearly half an hour, you should get some more sleep if you can."
I tried to argue but couldn't find the strength.
A while later the flash of light as James and Isaac lit flares pulled me back awake.
It took several seconds for my eyes to adjust, and then I started being able to pick out individual shapes in the darkness.
Alec set me down as Vincent appeared, a towering, furred figure illuminated by the light of the flares that'd been planted on either side of the cleared space.
His dark eyes drank in the light as he surveyed us with his typical boundless arrogance.
A horde of shifting figures milled about just outside of the twin circles of light.
The rest of Brandon's pack and they seemed to have grown in number since the dance.
Jasmin and Dominic crowded up against me, one on either side, and I let my hands brush against their heads.
The feel of their fur, one short and soft, the other long and coarse, anchored me before the surreal strangeness of the scene could carry me away.
The tingle of shape shifter power was as strong as I'd ever felt it, jumping from multiple sources, arcing around me as it unsuccessfully looked for a place to ground out.
For the first time, I was able to accurately pick out the individual signatures that made it up.
Jess was off to the left, white hot with mixed anger and fear, stabilized only by the cool, controlled pillar of power that was Isaac.
Jasmin almost hummed under my fingertips like barely-leashed violence, while my other hand drank from the still pond that was Dominic, her mere presence feeding me comfort.
I'd just finished identifying the raging beast to the right as James, when Brandon stepped into the light.
He looked like some kind of pagan god, smeared all over with blood, an uneven circle drawn on his chest, filled with sharp, angry lines that didn't mean anything to me, but which made the wolves around me tense and growl.
"While I appreciate the sentiment, it really is far too late to secure absolution by bringing me the girl."
His voice had changed, becoming deeper and harsher, with elements that didn't sound like they could come from any human throat.
He stepped forward, and I felt my chest seize up.
The transformation I'd sensed the beginnings of at the dance had run its course now and any question as to why someone as cultured as Brandon would associate with a near-psychopath like Vincent was put to rest.
He was shaking now, quivering with the need to kill, and I realized that it didn't matter whether the darkness inside Brandon had created Vincent or just attracted him to orbit in his sphere like a small moon.
It was enough to know that Vincent's was the lesser evil.
"Adri is here solely as a witness."
Alec's voice was huskier than normal, but still carried most of its velvety perfection.
As I looked at him, I realized I wasn't feeling any power arcing from him.
Everything centered on him now, but he wasn't adding to the storm.
The wolves behind Brandon growled as Alec stepped forward.
"Ah, and here I'd thought you'd once again settled on a course of appeasement."
Brandon's features were hollow, almost skeletal in the harsh chemical light.
"No.
We've come for one purpose and one only.
No more murdered hikers, no more convenient accidents.
This ends tonight."
Brandon worked more mockery into a simple clap than most of us could carry off with a full cast of supporting actors.
"Always observing the old forms, aren't you, Alec.
Well now it's time for a whole new batch."
One second Brandon was a human, the next he was a huge monstrosity, a thing that normally dwelt in the bottom, most primitive parts of the mind, venturing out only to star prominently in nightmares.
The rush of power beat back at our entire pack.
If it'd been a physical wind it would've knocked me over.
Intangible or not, it still staggered me and only my grip on Jasmin and Dom kept me from dropping to my knees.
Alec stood motionless for a pair of seconds, and then seemed to explode and melt back into himself.
I blinked, and his human body had been replaced with the hybrid form that'd saved my life once before.
Only this time he wasn't fighting wolves, he was fighting another hybrid, and Brandon towered over him.
There was another ripple of movement on the other side of the light.
Jasmin and Dom both pulled away from me, joining the other three, facing outward in preparation for the inevitable attack.
Vincent's dark form inched slightly closer, but Brandon's growl froze his henchman in place.
The complete stillness that resulted was suddenly shattered by a flash of heat lightning off to the east, and when the spots cleared from my vision, the two hybrids were a blur of motion.
Merely human eyes never could've hoped to follow all of the action.
I got the feeling Alec's technique was superior.
He moved from spot to spot, motion to motion with the smooth economy of a tree bending before the wind, but if he was a tree, Brandon was the hurricane.
Flare-light reflected off of deadly claws, and blood splattered the earth as Brandon drove Alec before him.
Gashes appeared on both leaders, wetly glistening in the green light, but they were more numerous on Alec than on Brandon.
I expected the unseen plane to mirror the fight I was so desperately trying to track with my inferior vision.
There should have been titanic clashes of power, ants marching up and down my skin from being far too close to ground zero, but there weren't.
Brandon's energy beat down on Alec, beat down on all of us, but although I could feel the answering flare of power from the rest of the pack, Alec remained silent, dancing away from the worst bursts of metaphorical death at the same time he dodged Brandon's fangs.
The flares were almost dead, but there was just enough light for me to see the smaller figure reel away from the larger as a vicious slash sank home in Alec's chest.
Time stretched and pulled like taffy, and I had plenty of time to watch Alec fall, to feel splatters of hot liquid even standing so far away.
A scream ripped itself free from my throat, and it suddenly seemed we really were caught up in a hurricane.
As the flares finally died, the pulsing pressure, the pins and needles disappeared as well.
Only that wasn't quite the term for it.
The power, the energy that'd become more than oppressive, was sucked towards Alec and Brandon, dragging with it my strength, and the unnatural vitality of the rest of the pack.
I felt a lance of pain sink into my back, mirroring the jolt in my ankle, as all five shape shifters collapsed around me.
I knew with a certainty I was going to die, that we were all going to die, but that didn't matter.
It was only right that my existence cease within heartbeats of Alec's.
Chapter 31 As the normal grogginess of sleep wore off, I realized just how thirsty I was.
I reached for a drink, hissing a little as my stitches pulled against the still-healing skin, but the glass of orange juice remained steadfastly just beyond my fingertips.
Alec appeared immediately, paint-speckled and undeniably alive, from where he'd been working in his studio.
"I really wish you'd just call for me when you need something.
All of this moving around isn't going to help your back heal any more quickly."
"You're not letting your injuries slow you down."
It was a losing argument, but I hated being cooped up in bed all the time, and it was the only argument I had.
Alec paused for a second to look down at the long, thick bandage wrapped around his middle.
The gash of white cutting across his darkly tanned skin was uncomfortably similar to what I imagined his wound must have looked like just after Brandon had inflicted it.
He sighed, but there wasn't any real frustration to the sound.
"Our cases are hardly comparable.
You know I heal more quickly than you do."
An upraised finger cut me off before I could latch onto my last remaining point.
"The fact that your injury was less severe is really quite immaterial.
Even the fact that shape shifter-inflicted wounds don't heal as quickly as normal for me is really a small matter when compared to just how much blood you lost before we got the bleeding staunched."
And there was the real rub.
Alec was well on his way to being fully healed, while I still had fits of dizziness every time I tried to stand.
I even had to have Jasmin or Dom help me to the bathroom.
There was no good way to know how long I'd lain there with a branch stuck through my back, but it'd been long enough for even a relatively small wound to result in near fatal blood loss.
I'd been nearly unconscious from the pain, so I didn't remember any of what had happened next, but Alec had reluctantly filled in most of the details.
Apparently the stress of the fight had finally awakened his potential, and his power was a real humdinger.
The metaphysical hurricane that'd knocked me to the ground had actually been Alec pulling power from all of the shape shifters and humans in the area.
The experience had been nearly as overwhelming for Alec as it had been for the rest of us.
He'd recovered just in time to find Brandon grimly pulling himself along on all fours.
Luckily Alec had recovered more quickly, and once Brandon was deprived of the strength and speed his power had bestowed upon him, Alec had been more than a match for him, even wounded and exhausted.
Brandon's end had been quick, and if Alec hadn't realized my blood was slowly leaking out onto the ground, the rest of Brandon's pack would've likewise been quickly sorted out.
Instead, Alec had stumbled over, shifted back to human form, and got the bleeding slowed to a point where I wasn't in imminent danger of death.
Unfortunately that'd been all the delay Brandon's pack had needed to make a run for it.
Isaac, James and Jasmin were trying to track down the worst of the lot, the ones who'd taken an active part in Brandon's atrocities, but it was slow going.
Part of the job had been resolved when Cassie and two other wolves had tried to circle around and attack the estate.
Luckily Isaac and the others had stumbled onto them.
The fight had been brief and bloody.
None of our guys had escaped unharmed, but they were all going to make a full recovery, and the same couldn't be said for Cassie or the others.
I shivered a little at the thought, and Alec looked up with concern on his face.
"Do you need another blanket?"
"No, I'm fine, just a little worried about Jasmin and the boys."
Now he did frown.
He wasn't excited that he had to stay here instead of leading the tracking group.
I personally was glad he couldn't go along, and not just because it was dangerous work.
I wasn't positive he'd really come to terms with having killed Brandon.
"They'll be fine.
You need to worry about getting better, and nothing else."
My pout met with just as much success as it usually did.
After a second or two I gave up and nodded.
"Okay, I promise to be good and concentrate on getting better, if you'll come keep me company."
The flash of emotion, barely visible in Alec's eyes, was a source of hope and despair all at once.
Eagerness, desire.
Both curbed by the same iron will that'd continued fighting long past where most people would've given up and died.
I patted the bed next to me, wincing slightly as even that simple motion pulled on things that weren't meant to be pulled on.
He stared at me for several seconds, and then sat down on the bed.
I waited, and then when I was sure that was as close as he planned on getting, I slid closer, resting my head on his arm.
As long as I was careful not to go too far, not to touch too much of him, I could get away with that much.
His half-imagined sigh sent little trills of satisfaction through me.
He wasn't going to initiate contact.
If I didn't know with an absolute certainty that he wanted to be with me, I would've despaired already.
Still, Dominic had been right so many days ago.
Alec was worth it, and as long as he still loved me, I was going to do my best to help him see that we belonged together.
Human or shape shifter, homely or gorgeous, none of that mattered.
All that mattered was he made my heart beat faster, and I could no longer imagine my life without him.
I guess you call that love.
—The Story Continues— Publisher's Note: If you've enjoyed this book, please consider signing up for the author's mailing list.
By signing up you'll receive $10.00 worth of free books (including Torn, the companion book to Broken).
We'll be offering a special discount to existing fans for the first week each new book is live, so signing up for his mailing list will mean that you'll always know about new releases with plenty of time to take advantage of the new release discount.
Readers are strongly advised to pick up Torn next and then proceed on to Splintered.
The most cost effective way to purchase Splintered is as part of the Bitten Reflections Story Bundle.
Bitten gets you the next six installments of the Reflections series—plus a bonus short story—for 37% off of the normal price.
Author's Note: In some ways it feels like I've been at this for decades, in other ways it feels like I only just sat down to try and put Adri's story down in words.
Now that it's live, I can only say that I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
If you haven't read Torn yet, please go check it out.
When I set out to write Broken, I never expected that I was going to end up writing the same story from Alec's point of view, but I'm pleased with how both Broken and Torn have turned out, both individually and as a combined work.
They are done in very different styles, but ultimately that was exactly what I was after.
I think there is plenty of cross-over of guys reading paranormal romance, and girls picking up more action-packed stories.
Ultimately I think most of us just want a compelling story, but sometimes the labels that get applied to books get in the way of us discovering them, rather than helping as they are meant to do.
I think one of the things that made the Harry Potter books so successful was the fact that the whole family could share in the series.
I remember as Twilight came out thinking that there were plenty of guys who would enjoy Twilight if they ever sat down and read it, but most of them wouldn't ever give it a try.
My hope with Broken and Torn is that the two stories combine into something that both guys and girls can enjoy.
The girls are likely to start out with Broken, while guys are likely to pick up Torn and enjoy the extra action there.
Either way, my biggest hope would be that the guys can introduce their wives and girlfriends to Broken, and the girls can introduce their husbands and boyfriends to Torn.
We've included excerpts for both Torn and Splintered (the sequel for Broken and Torn) below.
Acknowledgments: A big thanks to all of the fans who are doing so much to help get the word out.
There are tons of you that I don't know, but I do want to make special mention of a few dependable souls that I'm very grateful to know, and who've helped in various ways with Torn, and who I suspect will continue to go above and beyond with Broken.
Cassy & Mark, I'm glad you both turned out to be story addicts just like me.
Thanks for everything.
Dad, not everyone gets to be best friends with their parents.
Thanks for all of the feedback and the ongoing support.
Mimi, thanks for sticking with me long enough to get addicted and to fix some of my biology facts along the way.
As always, Katie deserves special thanks.
Without her, Alec and Adri's story never would have seen the light of day.
Thanks need to be expressed to Obsidian Dawn, www.obsidiandawn.com, for brushes used in the creation of Broken's cover.
Finally, a big thanks to the bloggers who've kindly reviewed Broken and Torn, done interviews and otherwise gone over and above by sharing their platform.
About the Author: Dean Murray is a prolific author with more than 25 titles across multiple pen names and more than 350,000 copies of his work currently in circulation.
Dean started reading seriously in the second grade due to a competition and has spent most of the subsequent three decades lost in other people's worlds.
Things worsened, or improved depending on your point of view, when he first started experimenting with writing while finishing up his accounting degree.
These days Dean has a wonderful wife and two lovely daughters to keep him rather more grounded, but the idea of bringing others along with him as he meets interesting new people in universes nobody else has ever seen tends to drag him back to his computer on a fairly regular basis.
Keep up to speed on Dean's latest projects at deanwrites.com.
If you want to interact with readers who love the series as much as you do, please consider checking out the Reflections Facebook page.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Torn Excerpt The silvery light of a nearly-full moon should have been comforting.
For most people it would've been peaceful even, but it pulled at my anger with surprising strength as I bounded across the arid Southern-Utah terrain.
Darkly-furred, four-legged shapes ghosted through the darkness on either side of me as we slid between the softly-glowing pillars of trees.
Jasmin, arguably the closest thing I had to a best friend, dove through a latticework of light and then it was my turn to feel the undergrowth grasping at my fur in an effort to slow my progress.
The warm evening breeze carried a host of aromas too subtle for mere human noses to identify.
In our four-footed forms each molecule was unconsciously sorted and cataloged, leaving us free to concentrate on the elusive scent of our prey.
The other pack, a portion at least, was less than a mile away, far enough into our territory for it to be a killable offense if they were caught.
They'd become increasingly arrogant over the last few months, but coming in close enough to threaten our families was a whole new level of provocation.
Even their leader, Brandon, wasn't usually so bold.
A stray eddy of wind played across my muzzle, and I knew they'd made their first mistake.
I pressed into my second in command for a moment, conveying an order through posture and motion, and then nipped at Jasmin's heels, the two of us stretching out in a full sprint.
Free from the others, Jasmin and I streaked through the night with a speed the rest of our pack couldn't have matched.
Jasmin pressed at my flank, curious at my decision until she caught the scent, and then an answering growl made its way past her fangs.
The trap was clever, but the other wolves didn't know the terrain well enough.
I let my beast bubble up from the corner of my being where I usually kept it chained.
Between one moment and the next, I went from running on four legs to two.
As my transformation ended, a six-foot tower of muscle and claws sprang from the shadows.
I ducked Vincent's first blow and retaliated with a gash that opened one side of his chest nearly down to the bone.
A dark-furred form leaped at Jasmin, but the other wolf mistimed the spring.
Most of the other pack didn't appreciate just how nimble she was.
Jasmin dodged to one side and then the two of them were circling, looking for an opening.
Vincent, the other hybrid, attacked with the strength and fury that'd earned him the position of second in his pack, but he hadn't been expecting to face me in this form.
As a wolf I weighed in at a solid two hundred pounds, but would've still given up more than a hundred pounds to him.
Now I had at least six inches and seventy-five pounds on my side of the equation, and he was the one pressed onto the defensive as the fight progressed.
I caught flashes of action from the other fight as we circled each other.
Jasmin sprang at her opponent, catching her behind the shoulders as Vincent reeled away from me in a shower of blood.
I'd finally managed a deeper strike on his arm.
The high-pitched scream of pain as Jasmin began trying to crush her opponent's spine was answered by rapidly-approaching howls.
Vincent attacked with renewed strength at the promise of reinforcements.
I was bleeding in a dozen places now, but the rage insulated me from pain and weakness.
Both sides of my nature were united in hating Vincent.
If I ever did manage to kill him, my questionable humanity wouldn't grieve.
The world would be better for his absence.
I could hear the other pack now, panting with exertion, our friends hot on their heels.
Vincent overreached in his effort to claim the kill, and I sunk my teeth into the muscled flesh of his shoulder as I finally made it around behind him.
My claws sank into his arms and legs as I repositioned to snap his neck, and then a hammer blow of weight struck me across the shoulders.
Knocked loose from Vincent, I spun around in time to tear Simon from the air as he leaped at me again.
It was the perfect opportunity to end a life nearly as evil as Vincent's, but one of the recent arrivals had bowled Jasmin over.
Leveraging a frame that was more than capable of picking up a small car, I threw Simon into the whirling ball of flesh and fangs.
He didn't hit hard enough to snap his neck, but he knocked the other wolf off of Jasmin, and then Vincent was back on his feet.
The rest of the rival pack, save for Brandon their leader, came streaming past, but they didn't help their fellows swarm Jasmin and me over.
None of them even slowed.
Vincent took an angry swipe at the last, a small female, and then our pack burst from the trees.
A second later, our enemies were in full rout.
Splintered Excerpt Alec had been promising to take me somewhere new for nearly a week, but pack business kept getting in the way.
I'd been expecting some posh restaurant in Vegas or maybe LA.
The world kind of becomes your oyster when you've got your own jet.
The last thing I'd expected was a picnic up at the top of the mountain that cradled the Graves' estate between large, rocky spurs.
It was perfect.
For Alec money was nothing more than a useful tool, but he understood I still wasn't comfortable having that tool used to purchase me things I didn't really need.
I'd set out determined to hike the whole way up to the top, but I was still a little weak.
Apparently everyone had been right about just how much blood I'd lost the night our pack had destroyed the local rival pack.
They'd been trying to absorb Alec's pack for the last several years and he hadn't really had any other options, but I knew he still felt uneasy about what had happened.
With his superhuman hearing and sense of smell, Alec knew I was struggling before I even did.
He waited though until I finally admitted how tired I was, and then he scooped me up and effortlessly jogged to the top of the peak.
"Are all of you shape shifters such showoffs?
At least the change in altitude should bother you a little."
Alec smiled as he came to a stop at the very top and set me down.
I waited for a couple of seconds for him to respond and then shrugged and looked out over the arid, Southern Utah landscape.
The view literally took my breath away.
I hadn't realized we were quite so close to Zion National Park with all of its incredible greenery.
The stark contrast between the desert and the lush vegetation was striking.
"Not a show off, just really eager to get you up here so I could watch your face when you first saw all of this."
Alec had unzipped his backpack and started emptying it while he spoke.
Working with his usual speed it was only seconds before he had a blanket laid out.
He handed me a bottle of water and then helped me down.
"You weren't kidding when you said this place was special."
Alec smiled and then wrapped me in a light blanket.
The heat had finally relented slightly.
Not enough to actually make it comfortable, but this high up it was actually a little chilly.
If I hadn't spent the last several weeks living in the air-conditioned haven of Alec's house, the cooler temperatures at the top of the mountain would almost have made the trip worthwhile all by themselves.
"I've been wanting to bring you up here for a while.
I used to come up here a lot when I was younger.
It was kind of an escape after everyone started gaining their wolf form.
We were all so closely matched sometimes it seemed like we were always scuffling to establish who was dominant."
He'd sunk down beside me while he was talking, resting with his hands behind his head so he could look up at the few thinly-stretched clouds.
I took the opportunity to move closer, cuddling up next to him.
I didn't bother looking up at the sky.
Truth be told, I had all the beauty I needed right in front of me.
His slight start as my head came to rest on his arm was disappointing but entirely predictable.
He adjusted my blanket slightly so it was between us and then pulled me closer.
He was perfectly happy to touch me as long as there wasn't any actual skin on skin contact.
Every time I pushed for more he backed away or found somewhere else he had to be.
"That must have been rough.
There are a lot of strong personalities down there."
Alec's chuckle wasn't really amused.
"You could say that.
At first it seemed like things changed up on a daily basis.
Then Jasmin manifested her royal wolf form and things settled down a little."
We were venturing into unknown territory for me.
Alec was usually so careful to keep me sheltered from his world.
"Was Jasmin dominant then?
I mean if she was a royal wolf and you hadn't manifested your hybrid form yet did she win all of the fights?"
Alec rested his cheek on the top of my head.
"Not exactly.
If she'd been a little more heartless she probably could have killed me and cowed the rest of the pack.
Even then though, it was becoming pretty clear that we couldn't have two separate packs in such close proximity.
The need to keep the pack strong meant that even though she pretty much ran the show most of the time there was the occasional thing that I'd just refuse to back down on."
His muscles tightened unconsciously, like maybe he was remembering past pains.
"She'd rip me up one side and down the other but on the most important stuff I'd simply out stubborn her.
When the dust settled usually I at least got a compromise we could both live with."
I hugged him tighter for a second.
"That sounds a lot like what you guys do right now, just the other way around."
"Yeah.
That's about the size of it.
She's still hiding something from me, but I'm not willing to bleed her to try and get an answer, not when odds are she'll just refuse to tell me anyways."
That was edging towards a secret that wasn't mine to tell.
"Let's talk about something happier."
He looked at me out of the corner of his eye.
He'd probably heard my pulse spike.
Sometimes the fact that he was a shape shifter instead of just a normal boy was pretty inconvenient.
Of course if he wasn't a shape shifter, then he wouldn't really be Alec.
"Your mom is likely to be back in town pretty soon.
Her latest contract has about run its course and it's looking like I'd have to throw a whole bunch of money at her if I wanted to keep her in Europe."
"I'm not so sure that's really an improvement in topics."
"You don't want to see your mom?"
"It's not that, it's just that I know we're not going to be able to spend as much time together.
It's not like she's going to let me sleep over."
Alec shrugged.
"I can arrange for her to stay away for another month or two, but with the kind of disposable income she'd get out of the deal it's very possible she'll fly you out there."
"That settles it.
Bring her back home.
Even the prospect of less time with you is better than being sent out of the country and not seeing you at all."
Alec's smile nearly made me cry.
"You know it might be for the best.
You need some time to get your bearings again.
Going cold turkey is generally the best way to kill an addiction."
We'd been through this more than once since he'd killed Brandon.
He'd been so sure he was going to die that he'd relaxed his normally rigid rules.
Since then he'd done everything possible to keep me at arm's length.
Everything short of sending me away.
Growing up with the example of his mother was a powerful object lesson regarding what happened to humans that got involved with shape shifters; but given enough time, I'd exploit that tiny piece of him that wanted exactly what I wanted.
"Unless you're sending me away there's no point in having this conversation.
I'm exactly where I want to be.
It's not like I'm throwing myself at you this very second.
Have you come up with an explanation for that yet?"
Alec stared back up at the clouds rather than meet my eyes.
"Not yet.
D...my best guess is maybe that you've realized your best bet at getting what you want long term is to pretend like you're not impacted."
"Please.
Do you really believe I have that kind of willpower?"
"After the things I've seen you go through I'd never doubt your willpower, Adri."
It was rare that I suffered from a panic attack in Alec's presence but the reference to what I'd lost, combined with my dreaded nickname nearly did the trick.
As my pulse sped up again Alec pulled me in close.
"Sorry about that.
You do have to admit, it would help explain why you're still here."
"Right, gorgeous, rich boy who also happens to be the next best thing to a super hero.
I must be out of my mind not to run for the hills."
"You don't like it when I spend money on you and the more involved you get with me the less likely it is I'll be able to protect you."
"If I let you buy me something will you quit trying to scare me off?"
"No, but it would make me feel better."
He said that last with his heart stopping blue eyes gazing directly into mine and I nearly stopped breathing.
Somehow he hadn't realized yet that when he looked at me like that there wasn't anything I could deny him.
"Ok, you can get me a present, something small and relatively inexpensive."
Alec smiled and reached over to the backpack as he sat up.
I let him pull me up and then felt my face freeze as he pulled out one of the largest velvet boxes I'd ever seen.
"Alec, no."
"It wasn't that expensive and you've already told me I could."
"I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."
He smiled again and I gingerly held my hand out.
The green velvet lid swung up to reveal the most delicate necklace I'd ever seen.
It was a thin glass heart set inside a slightly larger heart.
"I saw it when I was in Virginia last week for business and thought of you."
"It's beautiful.
You shouldn't have, but thank you."
Alec slipped it around my neck and did the clasp, his fingers lingering a fraction of an inch from my skin but he pulled them back without ever actually touching me.
It really was beautiful; I looked back up to thank him again when a wave of weakness slid through me.
Alec caught me before I hit the ground.
"Are you ok?"
"I think so.
I thought I was past all of this recovery stuff."
He looked concerned but I'd learned to read his expressions better than I think he realized.
He was worried, but not just about me.
He spent a lot of time worrying.
The rest of the pack, the town, his mother, his sister.
It was a lot for someone our age to deal with.
"There's an uncommon amount of that going around right now."
Alec shook his head at my curious stare.
"Dom and Jasmin both seem to be spending more time in bed than you'd expect based on the wounds they took putting down Cassie and the others.
Isaac moved like an old man when we spared yesterday and Donovan is looking old lately."
I thought back and realized he was right, about Donovan at least.
The old shape shifter always moved gingerly thanks to old injuries that had left his right leg permanently crippled.
I hadn't thought anything of it at the time but Donovan was looking frailer lately.
The thought of Donovan getting to the point that his age was starting to show nearly made me choke up.
I didn't have the extensive history with Donovan that Alec's family had, but he'd been unfailingly kind to me despite the fact that I'd endangered everything he cared about.
Alec correctly read my thoughts.
"Don't worry; I'm sure it's nothing.
I'll force him to take a couple of days off and I'm sure he'll be fine.
He's only a bit past middle age for one of us."
I nearly protested, but Alec was right, it would take an actual order to get Donovan to slow down, and two days was probably pushing it.
Donovan somehow managed to respectfully circumvent any order he thought prevented him from taking adequate care of Alec's family.
"Tell me about Christmas at the Paige house."
I blinked a couple of times.
The progress I'd made lately notwithstanding, I half expected the question to drive me into a panic attack.
Apparently Alec's presence was proof against a second near attack today.
"I don't know.
We always used to do the standard kind of stuff.
Presents, eggnog and the Christmas story.
Usually Dad made us breakfast Christmas morning and then we'd drive out of the city later in the day and go sledding.
I hadn't thought about what it would be like this year."
Alec nodded like he'd just checked a box off on some kind of mental list.
"So snow's always been a pretty key ingredient sounds like."
"I guess.
It hadn't really sunk in that we wouldn't be getting any of that this year.
A month ago I would have thought that was a good thing, that it would be one less thing to remind me of Dad and Cindi.
I think I might actually miss it this year though."
I rested my head against Alec's shoulder.
"It doesn't really matter.
The important thing now is that we're together for Christmas.
Beyond that I don't really care what happens."
I was still safely wrapped in my blanket so Alec pulled me into a hug.
Even taking into consideration his annoying efforts to protect me from the addictive effect of his touch, this was the happiest I'd ever been.
I'd had plenty of bad times over the last year or so to offset the near perfection of my life now, but it still didn't seem like something that could last.
We just sat there in silence with his arms wrapped around me for several minutes before his cell phone rang.
Sometimes I wondered if the slim device was some kind of super spy phone.
It seemed to get reception in some of the most incredible places.
He shifted around just enough to answer it without letting go of me with his right arm.
"What's up?"
Whoever was on the other end was talking too quietly for me to make out more than the occasional word.
"...Jack...now...no time..." I could suddenly feel the energy radiating off of Alec as his beast woke and rose to the surface.
His limbs hadn't taken on the fine tremble of someone only seconds away from changing shape, but he was obviously unhappy.
Given the tight leash he kept his beast on, I would have been willing to bet that just about anyone else in the pack would have already shifted shapes and ripped a tree out of the ground or done something equally destructive by now.
Alec shifted the phone slightly, I couldn't hear whoever was on the other end anymore, but whatever they'd just said hadn't made things any better.
The invisible ants marching up my arms went to double time and the metaphysical breeze that started on his skin and went outward turned into a full-blown gale.
"Stall them.
We'll be down in eight minutes if worse comes to worst you two contain Isaac and tell Dom to sit on Jack.
Keep Rachel out of the way."
Already moving with the unearthly speed he normally concealed even from me, Alec hung up the phone and started throwing things into the backpack.
"Jack's working himself up to a dominance fight with Jess.
This couldn't have happened at a worse time.
If we're not back before it starts odds are someone's going to die."
CHET Whispers From the Past
By Larry Murray
Meet Charles Tucker, he has spent nearly 30 years living in denial, trying desperately to hide from his past and the events that shattered his heart beyond any possibility of healing.
He can't let anyone close, for doing so would open him up to being hurt again, and there's no way he could survive another wounding.
Meet the Saunders family, new to the neighborhood and teetering on the verge of bankruptcy.
Mark, the father, talks a good story but is that all he is?
His plan could hold the key to reversing his family's financial misfortunes, or it could wipe out everyone involved.
Meet Chet, a battered old '64 Chevy pickup that was there on the night Charles' life imploded.
For nearly three decades, he has been locked away in an old barn, safely out of sight if not completely out of mind.
For 29 years Charles has blamed the old pickup for the destruction of his life, now he's about to find that the vehicle that destroyed his life might be the key to his healing and a journey of unexpected miracles.
Table of Contents Chapter 1 Chapter 2 Chapter 3 Chapter 4 Chapter 5 Chapter 6 Chapter 7 Chapter 8 Chapter 9 Chapter 10 Chapter 11 Chapter 12 Chapter 13 Chapter 14 Chapter 15 Chapter 16 Chapter 17 Chapter 18 Chapter 19 Chapter 20 Chapter 21 Chapter 22 Chapter 23 Chapter 24 Chapter 25 Chapter 26 Chapter 27 Chapter 28 Chapter 29 Chapter 30 Chapter 31 Excerpt from Torn Excerpt from Splintered Chet

﻿
The Half-ling
Book One in the Fall of Igneeria Series
Kaylee Soderburg
Copyright © 2013 Kaylee Soderburg All rights reserved.
ISBN: 1492913731 ISBN-13: 978-1492913733
For my family, who encouraged me to never stop fighting for my dreams ♥
Chapter 1
Summer vacation’s supposed to be fun, right?
I wish I had a better answer to that question.
Starlings, New York is not the place you’d expect much to happen.
It’s a small quiet town, the kind where everyone knows your name.
It’s a place where your parents wouldn’t even care if you stayed out late biking with your friends.
Only because everyone felt so safe, so comfy.
They don’t know the half of it.
But I do.
I know it all and Starlings is not the place where you want to be after dark.
The only reason why no one knows this is because Jason, Emily, Seth and I have kept it that way.
I walked along the empty road alone, occasionally waving to passing kids on bikes.
My backpack was slung over my shoulder, filled with my writing books and sketchpads.
I kept my eyes on the shadowed road, watching my every step.
Usually I was more aware of my surroundings, but today I was tired and didn’t care if I rammed into a tree.
I kicked a rock into the grass.
The sun was starting to set, painting the sky in brilliant oranges and reds.
It slipped down the sky, allowing the first stars to peek out from behind the bright curtain.
The remaining light cast shadows over everything, creating the illusion that there was double of everything.
The world prepared to go into its hours of unreal silence that made it seem magical, and it really was.
My phone buzzed and I awoke from my trance.
I thumbed the keypad and opened the message Seth had sent me.
It read: Whatcha Doing?
I flipped open the pad and wrote: Walking home.
I shoved it back in my pocket and continued walking.
The sun was almost gone and shadows were starting to appear behind everything.
I looked at my own shadow, that danced behind me.
The phone buzzed again as Seth sent me a reply.
See anything?
Do you want me to meet you?
I glanced at the nearby woods.
My ears heard nothing and I didn’t see any movement but my hands shook slightly as I typed, Nothing, I’m fine.
I didn’t open his reply because I knew what it would say.
I already knew that it was strangely quiet.
Maybe I could stay home and sleep one night.
Or maybe I could finish a painting tonight and watch Mom do origami.
I turned the corner, and my house came into view.
I started to climb the hill when I froze.
Out of my left eye I saw the outline of a creature.
It was heading through the woods in the direction of my house.
I swore under my breath and took off for the woods.
My feet crunched on the fallen branches and leaves.
I could see the creature ahead of me.
I didn’t have much time.
I placed my bag on the ground and crossed my legs.
I started to grab my phone but stopped.
I didn’t need to tell the others, it was just one.
And if I was lucky, it would be an easy take down.
I closed my eyes and began my mental countdown.
The wind picked up around me, as if a wind current had just appeared out of nowhere.
5… My body started to feel hot, like I was being hugged by the sun.
I hated this part.
4… Power surged through me as I was freed from my human self.
Shivers ran down my spine.
3… I felt cold, like being dipped in ice water.
The breeze picked up even harder.
2… I was hollow and could probably see my own body if I opened my eyes.
But I could never get the courage to do that.
1… The wind died.
My body felt normal except it was different.
I opened my eyes and looked over to where I just had been or still was.
My human body slightly glowed as it sat in meditation under the tree.
It didn’t move.
I could see the monster clearly now that I had stepped into its world.
It was hunched over, occasionally touching the ground with one of its curled front paws.
Dark saliva dripped out of its mouth.
The beady black eyes made it no less scary.
I knew exactly what it is.
A thrasher!
A shiver ran down my spine.
Thrashers were probably one of the most feral and nasty monsters I’ve ever encountered.
They sometimes travel alone or hunt in packs.
They’re awful in packs, extremely hard to take out without their knowledge of your presence.
I placed an arrow in my bow, and aimed for the head.
I couldn’t let the creature reach my house.
I pulled back the string, and then stopped.
I couldn’t take out one of these like, this unless I set it on fire.
But Emily wasn’t here.
I could take it out with a few arrows but it’s best to kill Thrashers before they realize you’re there.
Instead I lowered my bow and slowly crept up to it, until I could see the hideous claws on its hands and the hatred in its eyes.
Thrashers hate everything and sometimes I wonder how they tolerate each other.
I aimed for the head again and released the arrow.
It whizzed silently into the thrasher and it howled in pain as the arrow dug into its fur.
It whirled around, facing me.
A low growl sounded in its throat and it charged.
I ducked as it slashed my side and I winced.
My shirt slowly turned blue from the trickling wound.
Yes, blue, my blood is blue.
It turned back around and threw its self at me.
This time I was prepared.
I pulled out my hunting knife out just as he landed on me.
He yelped and went limp.
I pushed him off and grabbed my fallen bow, the familiar feeling of the wood boosting my confidence.
I turned back around and started back where I left off, but then a body slammed into me.
I just had enough time to see the thrasher, before the fur and dirt filled my vision.
I spit out the clump of wiry hair that had somehow found its way into my gasping mouth.
I felt a searing pain as the Thrasher raked my left leg.
I closed my eyes against the pain, trying to focus myself against the dull throb in my shin.
Then the thrasher went limp against me.
It was hauled off of my body and I found myself looking up into the face of a very unhappy dark blue haired boy.
His sword was gripped tightly in his clenched fingers and a look of amusement, or many it was anger, shone on his face.
I swallowed and collected my weapons from the ground, not daring to look at my leg.
“Hi Seth, this is unexpected.” Seth glared at me and pulled me up.
He was definitely angry at me.
I tried to place weight on my leg but winced as pain shot up it.
He kicked the dead Thrasher one more time before sheathing his sword.
“You know better Jazell then to take on a monster by yourself.
You never know what kind it is until you have already changed,” he scolded me and I could feel a lecture coming.
I looked down at leg.
Claw marks ran up my shin and my blue blood was soaking my pants.
“I had to Seth; it was heading for my house.
That made me panic a bit.” “I don’t care Jazell; if I hadn’t been here I would have found you shredded to small pieces.
All you had to do was send me a quick text and I would have showed up to help.
But you didn’t.” I sighed in annoyance, not in the mood for this right now.
Seth was like this sometimes, strict and serious, but he was normally a jokester.
He’s strict on the fact that we attack in groups, mostly for the reason that he didn’t want anything to happen to our group.
I started to slowly limp back to my body but Seth just disappeared from my side.
He has this annoying skill to be able to just return to his body without having to be near it, which wasn’t fair when he wasn’t the one injured.
I, however, had to stiffly make my way to my dormant human body.
Once I was near it, I closed my eyes and the wind picked back up.
My body felt hot and cold simultaneously as I returned.
I reopened my eyes and stood up, stretched, and grabbed my bag.
My back sent a chorus of cracks cascading upwards as I straightened myself.
I raised the side of my shirt to find the thin, red scratch marks.
Any injuries I get in my hunter form I have when I become human again, just not as severe.
I quickly ran my fingers over the darker, thicker marks on my shin, the skin sore and purple.
I quickly checked myself for any other injures I might have acquired from my tangle with the Thrasher, but all I found was a bunch of bruises.
Seth seemed to have disappeared, so I trudged down the road to my house.
It’s cozy familiar blue paint and white shutters helped to relax me as I pushed open the door.
My house wasn’t very big and fancy; it was actually pretty plain but that’s why I loved it.
It had two floors, with a fair sized kitchen and a mini living room.
My room was just up the stairs, and it beckoned to me even though I was more interested in dinner.
My mom was cooking in the kitchen and my dad was sitting at the kitchen table going through his usual paper work.
He looked up as I entered, pushing his glasses back up his face.
“Hi sweetheart, finally home?” he asked giving me a warm smile.
I kissed his cheek and my mom’s before heading toward the stairs.
“Yup.” “Dinner’s ready in a few minutes, Jazell!” My Mom called as I climbed the stairs, eager to collapse on my bed for a few minutes.
“Got it!” I called back.
My room was painted a light green, with a bed shoved in the corner and a bookshelf overflowing with books.
I had a small desk to the left of my bed that was piled up high with homework and random drawings.
I threw my bag on my bed and took off my shoes.
Then I headed back down stairs to help set the table.
My Mom handed me some dishes and utensils.
I set a plate down in front of my Dad.
He frowned and pointed to my scratched shin.
“What happened?” He asked, and studied my leg.
“I tripped on a crack and scraped my leg.” I said flatly, the lie rolling off my tongue easily.
I placed my last dish down and sat in my chair.
Dad chuckled.
“You’re so clumsy.
I wouldn’t be surprised if you tripped on your own feet.” “Yup, that’s me, clumsy.” I pulled my leg close to my body.
My parents had believed for a long time that I was a klutz.
That was the only way to explain the million of cuts and bruises I gained from fighting creatures.
The truth is that I have really great balance, which I had gained from so much fighting.
I was a little klutzy when I was small, so it was easy for my parents to believe I still was.
Mom placed the food on the table.
“Dinner!”
After dinner I went straight up stairs to go to sleep.
And hopefully my phone wouldn’t stop me like it did most nights.
Monsters loved to come out at night and cause trouble.
They never seem to rest, much to my annoyance.
I sighed and rolled over, burying my face in my pillow.
I managed to think about something other than creatures that go bump in the night as I drifted off to sleep.
In the morning I changed and ran down stairs and left a note saying I was going out to eat with Jason, Emily and Seth.
It took me minutes to speed down to the small breakfast restaurant in town.
I chained up my bike and walked over to the plastic blue table my friends had occupied.
I slid in next to Emily, who was talking about some book she had read recently.
Jason, who sat next to her, was pretending to be fascinated by her rant.
Emily stopped in mid-sentence when she noticed me sitting beside her.
“Jazell, you’re here!” she exclaimed.
“Is it true, did you take on a monster by yourself yesterday?” I sighed, shooting a look at Seth.
“Yes it is.
Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
“How could you Jazell?
You could have gotten seriously hurt.
Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.
“I’m fine Emily, seriously.” Jason was silent.
He never talked much like Emily, who was easily the most talkative, friendly person I knew.
Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.
I traced in a puddle on the table, avoiding everyone’s eye contact as they stared at me.
Emily patted my arm.
“It’s okay.
We aren’t mad at you or anything.
Right Seth?” She glared at him.
He shrugged.
“I guess.” Emily perked up.
“You see, everyone makes mistakes.” Seth grunted to himself.
Emily rolled her eyes.
“Hey Seth, it’s not like you haven’t done something stupid.
We all remember the swamp troll.” Seth frowned and Jason snickered.
Seth punched his arm.
“Hey don’t make me nag you about the time you almost took off my head with your throwing knifes.” Jason stopped dead and narrowed his eyes.
“It was an accident.
I didn’t know you’d run that way.” “Alright, we understand that we’ve all done stupid, foolish things.
So let’s just add this accident to my list, okay?” I said quickly before the two started something.
They nodded but shot each other smirks.
I sighed, wondering why those two buffoons had been granted this power along, with Emily and me.
It’s not like they weren’t foolish enough already.
The day when it all changed was still a mystery to us.
A lot of things happened that didn’t quite make sense.
The four of us were already best friends.
We were walking through the woods, rambling on about how Halloween was almost here and that Ms. Stecher was still giving us too much homework.
Then all of a sudden an invisible object slammed into me.
I shrieked and couldn’t move.
It had me pinned to the ground.
Seth ran forward and grabbed a branch to protect me.
It should have gone right through the air but it collided into something and snapped in half.
Seth dropped it in amazement.
Emily ran over to me but was plowed to the ground.
She screamed, spitting out dirt, twigs and leaves.
Seth stood watching, terrified.
He didn’t have a clue as what to do to fight these invisible creatures.
None of us did, at that time, because we didn’t know what was going on.
The world was still a normal place to us at the time.
Something grabbed Seth’s legs and pulled him against a tree.
He kicked and punched but couldn’t find the right place to hit his attacker.
“Hold on!” Jason yelled.
I opened my mouth to say that we already were when he vanished.
Dragged away was my guess.
My legs shot with pain.
I heard Emily yell the first curse words I’ve heard her say in a while.
I spotted her red arm just before my body felt like fire.
I closed my eyes and blacked out.
I didn’t really black out but that’s what I thought at the time.
I opened my eyes to find I was sitting on the ground next to my sleeping body.
I saw Emily sitting there, saying nothing for once.
Something fell off my back and I picked it up.
It was a wooden bow, and when I reached behind my back I felt a quiver full of feathered arrows strapped there.
I ran a finger over the smooth, dark wood and turned to see Seth crashing out of the woods.
I smirked at him and pointed at his head.
“You have dark blue hair.” I giggled, not knowing why I was giggling after what had just happened to us a few minutes ago.
He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.
If we were dead, which was my best guess, why not poke fun at him?
Seth smiled at me.
“Well, yes but you have green hair.
It’s bright green, like neon green.” I shoved my hair in front of my face.
It was bright green all right.
I stood up and examined myself.
I was wearing light brown hunting boots and tight black pants made out of some sort of light cloth.
A thick woven jacket was shielding me from the October cold.
When I looked back at Seth, I realized he had also made an outfit change.
He was wearing black leather boots and dark blue pants.
His top was a short, brown cloak with a hood and leather belt.
A beautiful steel sword with an ornamental hilt was swinging at his side from a woven sheath.
“Oh well, I guess I have green hair.
It’s not that bad.
I like green.” I rambled as I examined the short hunting knife that was resting in a small sheath on my hip.
I ran a finger over the blade before putting it back.
How Seth and I had acquired such dangerous weapons was anyone’s guess.
I certainly had no clue.
I heard footsteps and turned to see Emily running over.
She was wearing a close fitting, long robe.
It was a stunning deep blue with a trim of gold embroidery.
She had no weapons dangling from her body were visible from where I was standing.
“I have pink hair!
Isn’t it cool?” She spun around so we could take in all of its bubblegum pink color.
She looked at the bow slung over my shoulder and Seth’s gleaming sword.
“Hey, I don’t have anything cool and deadly.
Why do you both get something like that and I didn’t?
It’s not like you can trust Jazell with something sharp or dangerous.” “Hey!
We can’t trust you either.” I pointed out, crossing my arms.
“Arming you is as scary as giving a kindergartener a knife.” She gasped.
“Yeah, well, I’m ignoring you now.” She huffed and turned around.
“There you are!” Jason exclaimed as he crashed out of the trees, panting.
His wavy hair was a deep red that framed his eyes but he didn’t seem to have noticed its color change or to care.
He was wearing an all black layered tunic and pants with boots that looked as light as mine.
If I didn’t know it was Jason, I would have taken a huge step backwards at his assassin-like appearance.
“What’s going on?” he demanded, eyes flickering from each of us as he took in all of our strange appearances.
“Don’t know Jason, we’re as stumped as you.” I said.
He bit his lip and then smirked.
“Oh, I almost forgot.
Look at this.” He gestured at his belt, grinning mischievously.
Hanging there were a multitude of thin, dangerous looking knives.
He pulled up his sleeve so I could see another one strapped there.
“Cool, huh?” Emily had turned to see Jason appear.
She spotted his knives and groaned, stomping her foot.
“Aw come on!” Jason whispered behind his hand to Seth and I.
“What’s up with her?” Seth shrugged.
“I don’t know.
Girl issues?” “I heard that!” Emily said angrily.
That’s when suddenly a hideous creature appeared in front of us.
It was hunched over, with thick furry skin and wicked claws that shot out of its curled paws.
We would soon know them as thrashers, beasts we would get used to seeing.
I don’t know who screeched louder in fear, but I’m pretty sure it might have been me.
Seth pulled his sword out but his hand shook like mad.
I clumsily pulled an arrow out of the quiver on my back and struggled to attach it to my bow.
How the heck did those people in movies make this look so easy?
I exchanged a look with Seth, but he looked as clueless as I did.
None of this felt real.
I swear, the creature laughed at us.
Or maybe my fear was making me see and hear things.
Jason moved silently to stand beside us, one of his throwing knives in his hand.
“What do we do?
We’re dead so it can’t hurt us right?” I asked.
“I don’t feel dead.” Jason whispered.
I didn’t either.
In fact, I realized that my whole body was aching from the strange attack I had experienced.
And if I was dead, I wouldn’t need to breathe so heavily.
My heart was racing so fast that it might explode right out of my chest.
Jason threw the knife he had been holding and it stuck into a tree.
He grinned at me and I guess it hit exactly where he wanted.
“On the count of three, we attack with everything we’ve got.
Okay?” Seth looked at Jason and I.
We nodded at him.
“One, two three!” When Seth hit three, he charged with his sword.
I pulled back and released my arrow.
It hit the thrasher’s front paw.
Before I could think, I had notched another one on the bow and drew back the string.
It was like I had been an archer my whole life.
Jason threw knife after knife, hitting its mark every time.
When the creature went down, Seth stood and took a breath.
Then another tackled him to the ground.
I didn’t know what to do and Jason didn’t either.
Emily ran forward and pointed to Seth who was clawing toward his weapon.
“Do something!” she screamed.
Before I could reply, fire shot from her finger.
The thrasher yelped and jumped off Seth and ran toward Emily.
She smiled wickedly and held both hands out, pelting the creature with fire.
I pulled Seth up in time to see the Thrasher buried entangled by roots shooting from the dirt.
Jason threw a knife in the pile to make sure it was really dead.
“You okay?” I asked Seth, and congratulated Emily on her new found talent.
“I’m fine.” He said and limped over.
I gasped and pointed to his leg.
“Seth, you’re bleeding blue!” He just blinked at him, glancing down at his leg.
He didn’t answer as he tugged at me to start walking back towards where we had last seen ‘ourselves’.
We could still see our bodies sleeping peacefully, but this time I noticed that we were all faintly glowing blue.
I could see the rise and fall of my chest as I breathed.
So I really was alive, which made this situation even creepier and stranger.
I had two bodies!
How was this even possible?
“What do we do?
Seth, do you any ideas?” She frowned when he didn’t answer.
“Seth?” Emily spun in a circle but Seth was nowhere to be found.
Seth walked out from behind a tree.
But he was normal Seth.
He had his dirty blonde hair back and was wearing his dirty jeans and shirt from school.
No dark red hair, no glimmering sword, no bleeding wound.
His warrior self was nowhere to be seen.
“Seth how’d you do that?” I asked.
He whirled around.
“Who’s there?” “Me, you idiot!” I snorted.
He stared at the place where I was standing, but his eyes weren’t focused on me.
“Jazell?” “Obviously, are you blind?” “I can hear you but can’t see you.
Aren’t you back?
Where are you?” “No.” I said frustrated, “Now tell us how you got back.” He closed his eyes and sat down.
“I imagined myself in my body, and what is was like to be back.
And then I was back to normal.
Wait.” The wind picked up around him and then suddenly he was back, blue hair and all, standing beside his sitting, normal body.
“Wow how did you do that?” Emily gasped.
“I imagined what it was like to fight that creature.
And then my body took over.” He explained, but I don’t think he even understood.
Then he was gone again and the real Seth stood up.
“Try it.” I closed my eyes and thought of school and all of Ms. Stecher’s homework that I needed to do.
Then my body was doing the rest.
I felt hot and cold, as the winds seemed to pick up.
I shivered and opened my eyes.
I was lying on the ground.
My hair brown hair flopped in my face as I sat up, seeing Emily dash over to me.
Seconds later Jason walked through the trees, rubbing his face.
Seth grinned at all of us; we were back.
That’s how it all started.
I don’t know how we got the gift to become these different people, but we did.
That’s the mystery and hopefully we’ll solve it one day.
We were chosen for some unknown reason, but that reason doesn’t matter.
All that matters is that we protect this town.
Jason’s eyes flashed.
I stood up and leaned over to him.
“What Jason?” “Monsters, a whole bunch of them.
I saw the movement near the pond.” He pointed to the pond that was just nestled in the woods.
And with that, we were off.
Running towards the pond to do what we do best, destroy monsters.
Only this time it was different.
Chapter 2
We ran and ducked behind a large boulder, huddling together.
We all sat down, closed our eyes, and concentrated.
I felt a shiver run through my body as I left it and entered my hunter form.
I followed Emily, Jason, and Seth as we crept silently over to the monsters, splitting up to surround them.
I counted two thrashers, which surprised me.
I swear we saw more before.
The thrasher turned before we could execute a surprise attack.
Seth marched over, swinging his sword.
Jason threw knives calmly at the other monster while Emily casted fire by his side.
I, however, was jumped on by something entirely new.
They were small and stubby, the size of dwarfs or gnomes.
Their skin was shriveled and grey, and hung off their bodies like cold clothing.
Their eyes were a bright yellow that matching their teeth and their fingers looked like gnarly old trees.
And the smell; it was awful.
They grabbed my feet, back and tugged at my hair.
“Why does everything always happen to me?” I complained.
No one heard me.
The ugly creatures continued tugging at me like annoying two year old, which made me get really annoyed.
“Get off me ugly looking toad dwarfs.
Hey, that’s what I’ll call you, toad dwarfs.” I smiled at my quick thinking.
I could be clever sometimes.
Take that Seth.
“Silly girl, we’re already called toad dwarfs.” The one on my leg croaked.
“Aw darn, never mind then.” So much for being clever.
The one on my back grabbed my hair.
He yanked it back.
“Ow!
It may be green but I still value it!” I grumbled, trying to pull my head free.
I also had no desire to be bald at 16.
“He’s rising, he’s rising!” The dwarf said excitedly.
His voice cracked at the last word.
“Who the heck is rising and why does it require pulling my hair out!” I snapped.
“He’s rising, he’s rising!” he repeated, full of crazed excitement.
I swear I could feel him shaking from exhilaration.
“Whatever, you’re now an official maniac.” I pulled out my hunting knife.
“Maniacs get destroyed by me.
No maniacs are allowed to exist except for me and Emily.” He jumped off as I stabbed the one on my arm.
I grabbed my bow and shot him with an arrow before he his little legs could he him very far.
He fell to the ground, the arrow sticking straight up at the sky.
Now the forest was maniac free.
I killed the others and looked up to find the thrashers dead too, probably courtesy of Seth.
A few dwarfs were also lying dead in front of Emily.
I walked back to my body and closed my eyes.
When I reopened them, I stood, stretching my legs.
The four of us headed back to the restaurant together, adrenaline still pumping through my veins.
I told Emily and the boys about the freaky dwarves.
“Crazy right?” I asked, running a hand through my hair.
No one said anything and Emily produced a pencil out of her bag.
“I need a piece of paper, Jazell.” I ripped one out of my notebook and handed it to her.
We sat at the table and Emily titled the page: Warnings.
I didn’t know why.
“Okay, Jazell, what exactly did he say?” Emily asked, pencil poised in the air ready to write.
“He said, ‘He’s rising, he’s rising’.
I have no idea who he meant or if what he said means anything.” Emily scribbled down, Toad dwarf said, “He’s rising, he’s rising”.
Who’s coming and is he important?
I stared at the paper, the question swirling in my mind.
Who did he mean?
“Now what did the dwarf tell you, Seth?” she asked.
“He said, ‘You won’t stop him, little warrior.’” He frowned at the last part.
Emily added, Toad Dwarf told Seth, “You won’t stop him, little warrior.” Does this mean he’s powerful?
“Did you have to add the ‘little warrior’ part?
It makes me sound weak.” Seth complained.
“I did because we need all the facts.
It’s obvious the dwarf was trying to make you sound weak anyway.
Now what did he tell you, Jason?” “He said, ‘He will destroy all half-lings.’ What’s that supposed to mean, anyway?” Jason said.
She added the last bullet; Toad Dwarf said to Jason, “He will destroy all half-ling.” What does “half-ling mean?
“Did the dwarfs tell you anything?” I asked, taking the paper.
None of what she wrote on the paper made any sense to me.
She shook her head.
“No and if they did, I was too busy trying to burn them to hear them.” She took the paper back.
“Well I think the only thing we’ve established is that toad dwarves are crazy.” Seth said.
I noticed a thin, red line on his cheek where a thrasher must have scratched him.
Emily wagged her finger at him.
“Never dis facts.
They might save you later in life.” Seth just snorted.
Jason punched him in the side.
“Listen to Emily.
She’s actually right sometimes.” “Thank you, Jason.” She said cheerfully, “Huh wait, sometimes?” She raised an eyebrow at him.
Jason scowled at her.
“I’m admitting you’re sometimes right so don’t push it.” “Point taken.” She tucked the paper in her drawstring bag.
“You guys want to go to the park?” They both half nodded, half shrugged, which she took for a yes.
So we got up and mounted our bikes.
I threw the bike lock in my bag, clipped on my helmet, and followed the others.
The three of them raced each other, but I kept my bike behind them.
What the dwarf had said was still troubling me and I didn’t know if anyone else was feeling the same way.
I saw Seth slow his bike down and glide next to me.
“Hey,” he said.
“Hey.” Then a question popped into my head, “What were you doing alone in the woods yesterday?” He was silent so I yelled to Emily, “Hey, Seth’s lost for words!” Emily appeared by me and chuckled.
“What’s wrong, Seth?
Thrasher got your tongue?” Before he could reply I said, “I asked him what he was doing in the woods yesterday and he didn’t have an answer.
We all know what this means.” “Yup, he’s hiding something.
Seth, why were you yelling at Jazell for being out alone in the woods when you were doing the same?” “I wasn’t hunting down monsters alone.
Jazell was doing that,” he grumbled, clearly annoyed.
“But you were still out alone and you yelled at me for doing the same thing.
The same thing could have happened to you.
Do you think you’re stronger than the rest of us?” My voice rose slightly at the end of my question.
“No.” He went quiet and tried to avoid our eye contact.
“Now who’s keeping secrets?
You’re breaking your own rules.
Why were you out?” Emily can be very demanding sometimes, I actually felt a little bad about involving her in my interrogation.
Just a little.
He mumbled something under his breath.
“I can’t hear you.” Emily snapped.
“I WAS OUT SCOUTING!” he shouted, “Now can you hear me?” “Yes, and now you’ve made me deaf!” Emily yelled back.
“Why were you out scouting in the first place?” I asked calmly, trying not to shout it out like Emily.
Seth gripped the handlebars and I knew he was losing his temper.
“I was being cautious so we didn’t have to worry last night,” He said through gritted teeth.
He was lying and both of us knew that.
I glared at him, “Nice story Seth, now what really happened?” He didn’t say anything and he rode ahead to get beside Jason, who was in the lead.
The park slowly came in view.
It was a huge grass circle with a small play set in the middle covered in kids.
The woods surrounded it except for the side that faced the street.
A fountain was near the entrance along with a bike rack.
That’s where we parked our bikes.
I clicked the lock together and grabbed my bag.
Emily was fumbling with her bike lock, which was old and rusted and usually refused to work without a fight.
I walked over and tried to help her.
“Why do you think Seth won’t tell us what he was doing?” I asked, watching her because she had refused to let me help.
“Pride purposes?
He was yelling at you when he broke his own rules.
He just doesn’t want to admit he did” she said through her wild hair.
Her lock finally clicked and she stood up.
The boys were walking side by side towards the play set.
It wasn’t actually that small but it looked that way from the street.
There were six swings and a tower with four slides attached to it.
I ran after them with Emily right behind me.
I slowed down next to Jason and put my arm on his shoulder.
“Hey Jason, do you know Seth’s a liar?” I asked and Seth shot me a bad look.
Jason frowned at me, “What are you talking about, Jazell?” “He broke his own rules.
He was out scouting without telling us.” I smiled and Jason stiffened.
“What?” he growled.
“Are you two trying to create trouble?” Seth cut in.
Emily put her arm around my shoulders.
“No, we just want the truth,” Emily said sweetly.
“Yeah okay, whatever.” Seth shoved his hands in his pockets, and glared at the ground.
I sat on one of the swings next to Emily.
I traced the sticky metal rings and sighed.
Emily was on her phone.
I saw Seth and Jason arguing off to the side.
Everything was back to normal.
There was even a dwarf climbing the slide.
Wait, hold on.
A dwarf?
I elbowed Emily in the arm, “Uh Emily, is a dwarf using a slide a normal thing?” I nodded in the direction of the dwarf and her eyes widened in surprise.
She jumped off the swing and grabbed me by the arm.
She ran over to Jason and gripped his arm with her free hand, pulling us both after her.
Seth frowned but had no choice but to follow.
“Where’s the dwarf?” she asked quickly.
“Climbing the slide.
Weird huh?” I almost tripped but I caught myself.
She pushed us into the woods, “We got to move fast before someone gets hurt.
Make sure no one is around.” In a matter of seconds, I had an arrow in my bow, Seth had his sword in his hand and Jason had his hands full of knives.
The dwarf was sitting on the edge of the slide, looking like an ugly version of a toddler, and a few more came out of the woods to join him.
We tried to sneak up without being spotted but one of the dwarves turned his head and saw us.
He immediately launched himself onto Emily.
She screeched and I thought I saw one of the kids turn around.
He crawled up to her ear and whispered something that I couldn’t hear.
She froze, but I saw her place her hands on his wrinkled skin.
Fire flared from her fingertips, scorching his skin.
He let out a screech and vaulted off her, running as fast as his legs could take him.
I held an arrow out and Emily set it ablaze.
I drew back, launching the arrow, and watching it as it hit the dwarf in the back.
The fire charred its dying body and I looked away to face my new attacker.
One jumped on my head and I swung with my knife.
It yelled into my ear, “The one will rise, the one will rise!
He will destroy you!” I stabbed at him again, “Who?
You’re being too vague!” He jumped off me and ran into the woods.
He disappeared before I could notch an arrow and shoot him.
Soon we were alone again.
Emily made us all meet by the fountain.
I guess we all heard some weird dwarf talk.
“Okay I’ll start this time.
He said, ‘Kill all the dwarfs you like, but Kojas will rise.’ At least we have an idea of who they might be talking about.” She added to her list; Toad dwarf said, “Kill all you like but Kojas will rise.” Is Kojas the person they’ve been talking about?
Who is he?
“He told me, ‘The one will rise, the one rise!
He will destroy you!’ That’s almost the same thing as last time.” I tapped the fountain.
She scribbled, Toad dwarf said, “The one will rise, the one will rise!
He will destroy you!” Is Kojas’ rising?
“Seth, do you have anything?” Emily clicked her pencil.
Seth shook his head, but Jason spoke up, “He said, ‘The King will rise.’ Then he left.” Emily added one last bullet; Toad Dwarf said to Jason, “The King will rise.” Her list was: Toad dwarf said to Jazell, “He’s rising, he’s rising”.
Who’s coming and is he important?
Toad dwarf told Seth, “You won’t stop him, little warrior.” Does this mean he’s powerful?
Toad dwarf said to Jason, “He will destroy all half-ling.” What does “half-ling” mean?
Toad dwarf said to Emily, “Kill all you like but Kojas will rise.
Is Kojas the person they’ve been talking about?
Who is he?
Toad dwarf said to Jazell, “The one will rise, the one will rise!
He will destroy you!” Is Kojas’ rising?
Toad dwarf said to Jason, “The King will rise.” She placed her notes in the middle so we could read it.
“What does this all mean?” I asked her.
She was silent, “I guess the person they’re talking about is Kojas, but we don’t know who he is, or if he’s important.” “Well, I’m thinking he’s important because these weird dwarfs keep talking about him.
Maybe he’s their idol or something.” I said.
“Well,” Seth stated, “maybe we should ask the dwarfs where he is.” “That’ll be hard.” Emily pointed out.
“They hardly tell us anything as it is.
You try squeezing out information from one of these pests.” “I did.” “Whatever guys, we’re getting nowhere.
Hey Emily you want to sleep over tonight?” I asked.
Emily frowned, “It’s my turn, Jazell, and you’re coming over my house.” “Honestly, Em, just come over…” “No,” she said and crossed her arms stubbornly.
I sighed and ran a hand through my hair, knowing it was useless to argue with her when her mind was made up.
“Fine, I’ll call my parents.
But next time you’re coming to my house.” She nodded, her curls bobbing.
“Fair enough.” “Okay then, see you two later.” Jason turned around with Seth on his heels.
“Wait a minute you two.
It’s only,” I popped open my phone, “3pm.
We still have the rest of the day.” I shoved the phone back in my pocket.
“Hey, don’t take this personally, but we want to hang out alone.
So…bye!” Jason said and jumped on his bike.
Seth unchained his bike and rode off with him.
I realized then that Seth had barely said anything the whole time, but he was already out of sight.
I’d have to question him later.
I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.
“Great!” I piped.
“I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.
The woman definitely did not look her age at all, and she was still as beautiful as I imagined she was in her youth.
She smiled warmly at us, her smile a reflection of Emily’s.
“Hello girls, come in.
Emily, dear, can you put your laundry away?
After you do that, you can hang out in your room.” Emily nodded and disappeared inside.
Her mom moved aside so I could walk in.
I unlaced my sneakers and walked up the stairs, looking at the flower paintings hung along the wall that her mom had painted in her spare time.
I pushed open Emily’s bedroom door to see her stuffing her clothes in the drawer and flopping onto the bed.
She pulled out my bag and threw it to me so I could set up my sleeping bag on her rug.
Her mom called us downstairs, hopefully for food.
She held a box of pizza.
“You two can eat upstairs or down here.” She already knew our answer and handed us paper plates.
I took three slices of pizza and ran upstairs.
Emily and I sat on the floor, eating pizza and doodling nonsense in her notebook.
The time ticked by to one o’clock in the morning.
We sat side by side on her bed near the window, and I played with the fridge on the edge of one of her pillows.
I looked down at Emily’s pajamas, which were covered in sun-tanning penguins.
Typical Emily.
“Nice PJs Emily.” I chuckled.
She stuck her tongue out, “What do you have against sun-tanning penguins?” “Nothing!” I smiled to myself.
I shouldn’t be talking; I was wearing pajamas covered in little pigs.
Emily leaned back to turn off her desk light.
It clicked off and I gazed outside one more time before turning around to go to bed.
“Night Emily.” I yawned.
Emily didn’t reply because her face was pushed up against the window.
Her body was ridged and she didn’t move.
I crawled over to the window.
“What is it, Em?” I whispered, a nervous feeling creeping into my stomach.
She backed away from the window so I could see.
I saw nothing at first but then I spotted movement.
The recognizable lines of toad dwarfs marched around the trees, and I could tell they were up to no good again.
They were really starting to get on my nerves.
Looks like I wasn’t sleeping after all.
Chapter 3
Sneaking out after hours isn’t easy, especially at Emily’s house.
Her parents aren’t sound sleepers.
If we weren’t really careful, they’d wake up and then we’d have some answering to do.
And I don’t think they’d understand our reason.
I followed Emily down the stairs, in our pajamas, to the door.
We were careful not to make a sound but I listened closely to the sound of her dad snoring.
When the snore rang clearly through the house, I breathed a sigh of relief.
We threw on our sneakers and snuck out the door.
The summer night air was cool but a little sticky and clammy, making our bodies feel damp.
I followed Emily down to the back of the garage, where we sat down and entered the monsters’ world.
I pushed my green hair back and hid behind a tree beside Emily to watch the dwarfs.
There must have been more than ten of them gathered together.
They were parading around a blazing camp fire, mumbling and talking about things I couldn’t hear over the flames.
Some more emerged from the woods and joined them, their shadows dancing behind them.
Then all of them suddenly broke out into an ominous song: “He will rise to the heavens, from the very pits of hell.
To take control of our world, and the gift- less ones as well.
“He will rule with a flaming torch, and save those who are worthy.
And for those who aren’t, Well, you better watch out!” They all broke out in crazed laughs, which gave me the impression that each and every one of them was mad.
Hell, I knew they were already mad.
They threw dirt at the fire and continued their wild laughs.
Emily shuddered by me as they lifted their voices in another chorus.
“He will rise to the heavens, from the very pits of hell, to crush all half-lings and to take their very souls.
“For the King will rule all, with his cruelty and rage.
I wouldn’t want to be that half-ling, that he spears through the head!” This time they were rolling on the floor, howling in laughter.
Well, I didn’t think this was very funny at all.
What was funny about getting speared through the head?
I had a feeling the King they were talking about was Kojas, and I really didn’t want to be around to meet him, especially if it meant my head was going to become well acquainted with a weapon.
That is, if I was even a half-ling like the dwarfs claimed I was.
They laughed and sat in a tight circle mumbling things I didn’t catch.
My hand slipped to my knife but Emily grabbed my hand to keep me from drawing it from its leather case.
“No Jazell not yet, maybe we can learn a little more from them.” Her voice was a hoarse whisper.
“But Emily, it’s awful to listen to.
Can’t we just destroy the camp?” I went for my bow instead.
“No,” she said a little more clearly.
“We have to wait and see what happens.
Plus, we can’t just randomly attack them.” I didn’t really care.
The song was repeating itself in my head, like a taunt.
Without thinking, I aimed and shot the nearest dwarf.
As soon as he went down, the whole camp was facing our direction.
I was standing up now where everyone could see me.
There was no point in hiding anymore.
Emily stayed hidden behind the tree, and I could feel her glare trying to burn me into ashes.
“You’ll wish you never shot one of his loyal servants.” A dwarf seemed to laugh at me.
“Kojas will destroy you, half-ling.” “That is it, I’m sick of your riddles!
Give me a darn straight answer or I’ll shoot every single one of you,” I spat angrily, leveling my bow.
“Kill all you like half-ling, but that won’t help you in the end.
You will pay heavily in a terrible death worth all the loyal lives you’ve slayed,” the dwarf proclaimed, and his friends bellowed out an agreement.
“I don’t care what the heck you say about dying because nothing will stop me from killing all of you!
You’re making no apparent sense at all, and I don’t care what stupid message you’re trying to send me!” I hissed so bad I think that I spit.
Gross.
“Oh but you will care, half-ling.” The dwarf was now whispering and all the others had fallen silent so they could hear.
“You will care because in the end, he will destroy you once he’s done using you.” My arms were still tense and my muscles whined in protest as I held my arrow back in full draw.
“Use me to do what?” I spoke, using the same tone as him.
The dwarf’s eyes were twinkling in happiness.
He seemed happy to tell me the answer.
“To take over the gift-less ones’ world, why else half-ling?
You’re the connection between Igneeria and your world.
He needs you and he has made that clear.” The world had fallen to silence.
I spoke in barely a whisper, “Igneeria, that’s your world isn’t it?
What does Kojas want?” The dwarf seemed to be getting extremely excited now, “He wants your world and all other worlds because he is a mighty king who wishes to expand his kingdom.” “So how would we help him do that?” I asked, stalling.
“We just exterminate the pests.” “You’re a half-ling!
You’re the bridge to our world.
Now if you don’t mind we would like to finish you now, and bring you to the King.” The dwarf said politely and snickered, approaching me.
I backed up slowly.
“Uh, I mind a lot actually.” I said quickly but I guess they didn’t really want my opinion.
Emily jumped out from behind the trees and lifted a flame.
She twirled it around with the movement of her hands and shot it at the nearest dwarf.
That started what seemed like a war.
All the dwarfs scrambled towards us and I simply shot them and Emily fried them.
Then Jason and Seth dissolved from the shadows and entered the clearing.
“What are you two doing here?” I yelled across to them, annoyed that they hadn’t made their presence known earlier.
Seth fought his way over to me, “Why do you need to know?” “Because you just randomly appeared and I would like to know what you’re doing in Emily’s backyard in the middle of the night.” I pointed out and took down the last dwarf.
We gathered around the barely burning embers, after we had re-entered our own world.
Emily and I quickly summed up what we had learned from the dwarfs.
Jason listened and didn’t speak, like usual, and for once Seth didn’t interrupt.
When we were finished nobody said a word as they soaked up everything that had happened.
It seemed like it was just too much for all of us to take in.
All of a sudden Seth spoke up.
“Why are you wearing sun-tanning penguin pajamas, Emily?” Emily glared at him, “What do you have against penguins?
And why can’t I wear pajamas?
It’s the middle of the night you know.” Seth wasn’t bothered by her glare.
“So it wouldn’t have been hard to change.” Seth should have realized that he was pushing Emily’s limited patience too far and that he should shut up.
She reached down and grabbed a small stick.
Then she smacked Seth across the head with it.
“Live with it Seth.” Emily said every word apart and wacked him again.
Seth made a small, “Ow.” Every time she hit him.
He grimaced and said, “Stop hitting me already!” “Alright,” She made a motion to put the stick down and hit him again in the head.
He glared at her and she threw it on the floor, “Now I’m done.” “So Jason,” I faced him and he looked up at me, “since Seth won’t tell me I’ll ask you.
How did you guys find us?” “We followed a dwarf that was running here.
If we didn’t get lost, we would have been here faster,” Jason’s face turned the color of his red Igneerian hair.
“It’s okay, at least you answered me,” I shot Seth a look.
“Well if it’s okay with you boys, we would like to get to bed.
It’s almost 1:30 in the morning, and I would like to get home before my dad wakes himself up,” Emily said, and walked towards her house.
I waved quickly and followed.
The rest of the night was quiet and didn’t include singing dwarfs.
Before we went to bed though there was a lot of furious writing as Emily tried to write everything down.
After that, was all sleep.
In the morning, we ate pancakes that Emily’s mom had made us and set off for the park.
We happened to run into Jason and Seth half way and at the same time watched a pole freeze in the middle of July.
You don’t get to see that every day, which usually meant there was a monster involved.
Jason, Seth and Emily saw it too because I was chasing after them as we all ran for the few trees ahead.
In a few seconds I had a complete view of the culprit.
And strange enough it was a frost beast.
Frost beasts are the cutest monsters you’ll ever see.
They’re the size of medium dogs and their pelts are a light, icy blue.
They may be cute but if you don’t watch out, they could easily be the most dangerous monsters around.
Don’t let them breath on you, or you’ll freeze to death.
Literally.
The frost beast whimpered at me, showing me the cutest eyes imaginable.
I wanted to melt and hug him but I knew better not to fall victim to its trick.
I drew a single arrow and aimed it at its throat.
I didn’t want to kill it, but I knew if I didn’t, it would kill me without a second thought.
Frost beasts don’t appear until the end of fall and into winter.
They love the cold and can’t stand the heat.
That’s why I knew something was wrong right away, because it shouldn’t have been here.
It was against its nature and when nature goes wrong, that’s a big sign.
I pulled back on the string but Emily ran forward and shot fire.
The beast simply opened its mouth and breathed.
What was a shot of fire was now a single icicle that landed on the ground in front of it.
Instead Jason came forward and attacked with his knives.
The beast froze the first few into harmless ice cubes but finally went down when one got past its defenses.
Behind his body appeared seven Thrashers and many more Frost beasts.
It was like a monster reunion.
I’ve never seen so many in one place before.
A Thrasher pack had at least six or seven but there must have been more than ten monsters total.
It was scary.
Right then, right at that very moment, I knew something was terribly wrong.
They all stopped in front of us, all those pairs of angry eyes staring at us.
They made me confused, from the warm feeling the Frost Beasts gave me to the cold feeling the Thrashers inflicted.
They exchanged some sort of signal, including grunts and yips, and slowly advanced on us.
The dogs stalked toward the four of us looking like a animals about to attack their prey.
The cute look was gone and all that was left was hunger.
The dog nearest to me jumped at my chest and landed on my stomach.
I managed to push it down before it breathed on me.
My legs froze in place.
“Emily I need some defrost.” I called to her as the cold seeped through my pants and bit at my skin.
Emily turned her head and was about to reply when the dog caught her robe.
She spun around, shooting fire and completely forgetting my cry for help.
At the same time my dog attacker pushed me to the ground, freeing my legs for me.
“Get off me mutt.” I growled at his face.
He stared down at me, debating whether or not to freeze me right away.
That was his mistake because while he was waiting, I had brought my hunting dagger down on him.
I stood up and shook the heavy body off.
I didn’t even have time to breath before one of the Thrashers decided that they would like to have a taste of me.
I decided that I didn’t want to be shredded like some old rug, so I moved out of his path.
That was the worst mistake I made, without even realizing it.
At the same time another Thrasher was heading in my direction, and by moving out of the way from the first one, I had placed myself in the path of the second one.
It slammed into my side at such a great force I tasted blood in my mouth, when I hit the ground.
Then I felt pain, saw blood, and then nothing at all.
Chapter 4
I heard muffled voices around me as I regained consciousness.
My head throbbed slightly, and so did my side and my tongue.
That explained why I had tasted blood; I must have bitten it.
For a second I thought I had returned to my human self when I heard a blast of fire that probably came from Emily.
“Seth when will she wake up?” a voice said.
Then I realized it was Emily.
“She’s alive and she’ll wake up soon.
Stop nagging me,” a different voice said that was obviously Seth’s.
He was really close to me because I could feel his breath on my face and his voice was very loud.
Which wasn’t helping my throbbing head at all.
“But when?
I don’t like just staying here, when more monsters might come.
We can’t do two things at once.” Emily nagged anyway.
I could just picture her bouncing up and down on her heels, full of tension.
I felt rush of hot air near my left side.
Seth was probably sighing, “We can’t move her Emily.
If we could, we would.” I opened my eyes to see Seth face hovering above me.
Emily was pacing in the background and Jason was standing off to the side, looking very uninterested in the current situation.
Seth smiled at me and I felt myself blush.
It was kind of embarrassing to get knocked out when no one else did.
“Welcome back, zombie hunter girl,” Seth teased.
“How long was I out?” I asked, blushing brighter.
Except I couldn’t pin down the reason why.
Seth frowned, “I don’t know but it seemed like forever.
You scared us, Jazell.” “Especially Seth,” Emily piped up behind him.
“He was the one going crazy to bandage you and was worrying more than the rest of us.” Seth’s face reached a new undiscovered level of red, “I didn’t want to lose a friend.” “Right…” Emily trailed off and smirked at him, wiggling her eyebrows.
Seth squirmed slightly and avoided her gaze.
I started to laugh but in morphed into a cough instead.
I clutched my midsection to find it was covered in bandages.
“What exactly happened?” I questioned.
Seth glanced at Emily and back at me, “I don’t really know.
We turned around to see you being mauled by a Thrasher.
Before either of us could do anything, some light appeared out of nowhere.
When it died down, we found you lying on the ground unconscious.
That’s basically it.” “We don’t know what the light was.” Emily added.
“But whatever it was, it saved your life.” “Uh I have a feeling I should thank it, but I don’t know how you thank light.” I muttered.
“You thank it like you would thank anyone else,” A voice said.
I almost jumped to the moon in surprise.
Out of nowhere someone, or something, appeared beside Jason.
I think Jason was more scared because he actually jumped into the air.
As it came into view, it became obvious that it was a girl.
She in a yellow cloak and had dazzling red hair.
She smiled warmly at us with her chocolate brown eyes and I realized she had pointed ears.
So I basically made the conclusion that she wasn’t human.
“Uh okay…” I said slowly.
She giggled, “Wow I never thought I’d scare a bunch of half-lings but I guess I did.” “You didn’t scare me,” Jason said quickly.
“Yeah okay, Jason,” Emily said sarcastically.
I sat up and leaned on Seth because I would fall if I didn’t, and Emily and Jason were too busy giving each other looks to help me.
“What and who are you?” I stared at her.
She rolled her eyes, “A light pixie, duh.” I blinked, “A light pixie?” “Yes, a light pixie.
Are you deaf?” she retorted.
“Uh, no, I’m not.
I don’t know what a light pixie is or why you saved my life, but thank you” I said, trying not to snap back.
“Well you are a half-ling and we need as many of them as we can get,” She pointed out.
“Plus I’m not evil, so why shouldn’t I help you out?” “Uh thanks I guess.” This situation was extremely awkward to me.
She winked and disappeared in a flash.
I limped over to my body ignoring Seth’s yells to tell me to sit down.
I felt the wind pick up and was whisked back to my normal self.
I felt fine except for the fact it hurt to stretch my left side.
I would probably be extremely stiff and sore tomorrow morning, but I was used to that feeling.
We began to walk back towards the park when Jason stopped us.
“Hey can Seth and I catch you guys later?
We have something to do.” Jason grabbed Seth and they took off.
Emily raised an eyebrow, “Should we be concerned?” “Nah they’re boys, let them do what they have to do,” I said with a quick sigh.
While we were walking the boys appeared in front of us, holding something behind their backs.
They seemed to be fighting giggles which usually meant they were hiding something.
Or they were about to do something that fell under their category of “funny”.
“Hi guys,” Seth said still fighting a smirk.
“Hi,” I replied cautiously.
“What are you guys hiding?” Jason’s face twisted up and a snort of laughter fought its way out of his nose.
“Nothing.” “Right…” Emily gave me a look that said, is this good or bad?
I didn’t really have an answer for her but I knew that whatever was coming, it wasn’t going to be good.
“So Jason, we have a question for you.” I nodded towards Emily.
Jason’s face grinned in a seriously weird way that screamed, ‘weirdo!’ He shifted his hands and said, “What?” Emily stepped forward, “We want to know what you’re…” but she never finished.
She had triggered it all.
Jason had been hiding two blue, full, water pistols behind his back and was now shooting them at Emily’s face.
She was holding up her hands and letting out some sort of squeal.
Seth had been hiding a full two-handed water gun behind his back and the end was pointed at no other than me.
“You wouldn’t,” I said, my voice dark.
Seth gave me a maniac’s grin, “You already know the answer to that.” Then he shot me right in the face.
I blocked most of the spray from my face but water still leaked through my fingers.
I felt the cold water seep through my clothes and onto my skin as Seth continued to soak me.
“Crap Jason, shut it off!” Emily hollered but it didn’t work because I heard her yell again as he sprayed her hair.
I couldn’t see anything because my eyes were half shut and I was afraid Seth would wash my eyes out.
“Seth seriously, stop.” You can’t command boys to do anything and to prove that, Seth shot my butt.
Eventually they stopped, only because three water guns can hold only so much water and Emily and me looked like we could kill.
We were both completely soaked to the bone and even though in was the middle of summer, we were shivering.
The boys looked completely satisfied with how we looked.
After Emily and I gave them a look, they tore down the street and disappeared.
Emily squeezed the bottom of her shirt, “I hate them so much right now.” Water gushed onto the street.
I wrung my hair out.
“I agree and if we didn’t need them, I’d be planning their funeral.” Emily smiled, “I’d be helping you.
Do you think they would like pink coffins?” “Totally,” I laughed and grabbed my dry bag.
“Let’s go home.
Want to crash at my place?” Emily flipped open her phone, her fingers danced on the keys and paused.
Then they clicked and she shoved it in her pocket.
“Yup I can.” “You’re always one step ahead.” “Always.” “So what do you think we should do?” Emily asked from my bed later on.
I swallowed the bit of strawberry that had been in my mouth.
“I don’t know, ambush them back?” “They might see that coming,” she pointed out, “and it’s really obvious.” “Well, they think we won’t do that because that is exactly what they would be expecting, so by actually doing it, we can trick them,” I rambled on and grabbed another strawberry.
Emily tapped her lip with her pencil and straightened her pink pajamas.
“I have no clue what you just said Jazell.” I laughed, “What I meant was that we should ambush them.
Give them a piece of what they did to us.” Emily’s eyes lit up, “You mean use water guns…” “And water balloons…” I added.
“And a trebuchet to launch the balloons!” Emily scribbled furiously on her paper.
“I can build one easily.” “Sweet, but when do we do it?
All four of us hang out every day.” “I can solve that problem.
We just tell them we want a day to do girl things and they’ll butt right out,” she slid onto the floor and snatched a strawberry.
I grinned, “This is going to be some fun revenge!” “You can say that again.” “Okay,” I said, “this is going to be some fun revenge.” She wacked me in the head with my pillow, “You’re so weird.” “Well that’s the way I am, deal with it,” I wacked her back with my own pillow.
“No I will not deal with it,” she walloped me in the head one more time.
“I need you for team penguin, and I don’t need a smarty pants.” “How come you get to name the team?” I asked.
“Because I was the one who got shot first.” Early the next day, which wasn’t that early because we got up around ten o’clock, we gathered my old water gun and some water balloons.
Emily brought down the trebuchet she’d spent all night building and we took off on our bikes.
Emily led the way to Jason’s where she was pretty sure the boys would be.
We hid our bikes in the trees and snuck up to their backyard.
Jason and Seth appeared to be setting up some airplane that they built from scratch.
They were muttering to each other and assembling a table they would use for a launch pad.
I grabbed my water gun and Emily took out her trebuchet, with her balloons, and we snuck up on them.
I held my hand up to stop Emily, waiting until Jason and Seth were grabbing the airplane out of a box and lowered my hand.
“Revenge!” I yelled, and ran out from behind the trees, with Emily following.
The looks on their faces were priceless.
They spun around just in time as Emily launched a balloon right at Jason’s face.
I aimed at Seth, who I soaked in minutes.
Their faces looked like they had seen a dinosaur come back to life.
Jason scrambled away from Emily but she nailed him so many times it didn’t matter, he was already soaking wet.
The last of my water leaked out the back of the gun and we just stood there.
Jason smiled but you could see he was hiding the anger in his face.
Seth was emotionless; he didn’t give any sign on what he was feeling.
“So you felt like getting us back?” Jason asked.
Emily glared at him, “You deserved it because you soaked us too.” “So,” he rolled his eyes, “you thought you could just ambush us.
Have you learned nothing and that we might want revenge now.
Then you will and so on.
You’ve started a really long war.” “Who says the penguins can’t win a war, huh?
We just won right now,” Emily said.
“The penguins?” “Does that really matter?” she hissed.
“You’re on.” Jason smirked, “Alright then, penguins, if you want a water war, you got one.” “You’re on too!” This whole time Seth didn’t say a word, which was strange.
Usually Seth did all the talking while Jason stood watching but now Jason was doing all the talking and Seth was the one watching.
He stood there and seemed unmoved from being soaked by my water gun.
His face was blank and he was staring at nothing.
It wasn’t the Seth I was friends with.
While Emily and Jason were bickering I said, “Seth?” Seth didn’t answer.
He acted like he didn’t hear me.
“Seth?
Hello earth to Seth,” I repeated.
No answer again.
“Seth is there something wrong?” I whispered.
He didn’t answer me again.
He continued to stare at the woods as if he expected a flying deer to leap out, wearing pink socks.
“What the heck Seth, are you deaf now?” I waited for a sign that he heard me to appear on his face, but it remained blank.
Emily huffed loudly, “Expect something from Jazell and me soon Jason.
We’re out of here.
See you around.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me away.
Seth turned to see me leave and the look gave me a dark feeling inside.
His face was masked with one emotion, one that made me vow to myself that I would find out what he was hiding, what he was keeping a secret.
That emotion was not Seth, not the one I knew.
It made me feel the same way and I didn’t know why.
Fear.
Chapter 5
The water war continued with us getting them and them getting us.
We attacked them with a pool, and they threw water balloons at us while we were on bikes.
It was pretty simple, but the whole time all I noticed was Seth.
He wasn’t the same to me anymore; he always had this mask on his face, hiding himself from the rest of us.
I had to find out what was wrong, and soon.
“Jazell, are you paying attention?” Emily’s annoyed voice broke my day dreams.
I snapped back to attention, “Uh yes, I am Emily.
Just for the record, what are we talking about?” “Jazell you’re hopeless!
We’re talking about what to do next,” she scowled.
“Wait,” an idea jumped into my head, “how about we meet under a truce.” Emily stared at me.
“A truce?
Seriously?
That is the complete opposite of what we’re doing.” “I know but trust me; we need to meet under a truce.
What about monster fighting and this whole puzzle with the dwarfs?
Did we just forget all about it or are we not going to do our job anymore?” “We’re still fighting, Jazell.
We’re all just having some fun because it’s summer and not school.
We’ll get back to it later.” “Listen, why don’t we meet once and then go back to this water war.
At least we should think about this a little bit.” I pushed the paper of warnings in front of her face.
“Fine,” she snatched the paper out of my hands.
“We’ll meet Jazell, okay?
Are you happy now?
Then we’ll go back to soaking each other randomly.” “Yes, I’m happy.” I didn’t call a truce for the warnings.
I did it because that’s when I’d talk to Seth and get his secret out of him.
Then maybe I could help him and stop having to watch his miserable face.
Emily made a face and left the room to dial Jason’s number and tell him about the meeting.
I waited patiently for her to come back in my room.
I can’t wait long because I have a tendency to go crazy, so I walked up to my window sill and looked at the sky.
I stared it and turned around to see Emily come back in.
But not before my eyes caught a flash of blue.
Emily and I parked our bikes and headed into the woods and towards the clearing.
We stepped into it, and I took in the familiar feeling.
Out of all the places we’ve all been, this place felt the safest, as if it were surrounded by a good force, not bad for once.
We often met here when we weren’t all together.
I sat down next to Emily on a log.
Minutes later Jason and Seth emerged from the trees.
They weren’t smiling or doing anything suspicious so I figured we were safe, for now.
They sat down across from us.
I noticed that Seth was avoiding my eyes.
“So whose crazy idea was it to meet under a truce when we’re having so much fun wreaking havoc on each other?” Jason asked.
Emily sighed and pointed at me, “This crazy person right here.” “So what do you want?” he continued and eyed me.
I took a small, quiet breath and said what I had planned, “I want to work on the dwarf problem.” I nodded towards Emily, signaling her to take out her paper.
She groaned and pulled the folded piece of paper out of her pocket.
She unfolded it and placed it in front of us.
While we studied it, I tried to catch Seth’s eye, but he didn’t look at me.
I felt something boil deep within me-the anger at him.
We were his best friends, we told each other everything and now he was keeping something from us.
I could see it was eating at him, so why didn’t he tell us what it was?
That was the question that was making me steam.
“Seth out with it!” I didn’t know why I shouted.
I startled him and he looked up at me.
“What do you mean, Jazell?” “I mean tell me what you’re hiding!” I yelled at him.
He stood up, “I’m not hiding anything.” His voice was level but it shook slightly.
I stepped towards him and gave him a hard shove.
He stumbled back and fell on the ground.
He looked up at me, waiting for what I would do next.
“Why are you keeping a secret from me?” I repeated, my voice as cold as an icicle.
Seth didn’t answer me, instead he did the most cowardly and annoying thing you can do.
The idiot ran off.
Seth pushed himself up at a surprising speed and raced off into the woods.
I did the crazy thing that people like me would do and followed him.
I looked over my shoulder to see if Emily and Jason were coming but both of them stared at me, baffled.
Their faces disappeared as I was swallowed by the trees.
I skidded to a halt and scanned the trees.
I didn’t see any trace of where Seth could have ran.
That shows how much I know about asking questions.
I don’t get the answers and boom; I lose it and become a demanding person.
I walked more slowly, watching the trees.
I sent a silent prayer that Seth hadn’t entered Igneeria, because then I would never find him.
What bugged me the most was that Seth didn’t fight me when I pushed him down.
He just sat on the ground not saying anything at all in his own defense.
Now, I couldn’t find him anywhere and I would never get my answer.
I heard a large snap to my right and I whirled around.
I heard another crack and I slowly crept towards the noise.
Another snap sounded, louder this time, to my left.
I changed direction and hid behind a tree.
I peeked around it.
Seth grabbed another stick and slammed it into a tree.
It hit the tree with a loud crack and broke in half.
He picked up another and rammed it again.
He went to grab another one but his fingers couldn’t grasp it.
They shook so hard he dropped it and he sunk to the ground.
I saw him place his head under his arms and he curled himself in a tight bundle.
He shook and I heard him do something that I thought Seth never did.
He cried.
I stepped out from behind the tree and walked over to him.
He didn’t hear me, or look up.
I wasn’t mad at him anymore for not telling me what I wanted to know.
Now I felt bad that I had nagged him so hard that he was breaking.
I walked over to him and wrapped my arms around his body.
He stopped crying and I felt him squirm.
Seth grunted and then mumbled, “Get off me.” “No, not until you tell me what’s going on,” I said.
He groaned.
“Seriously Jazell, nothing is wrong.
Now get off me.” I rolled my eyes but he couldn’t see that.
“You’re a horrible liar Seth.” “I know,” I felt him sigh.
“Please Jazell it’s nothing you need to worry about, okay?
Just leave me be, I will deal with it.” I let my arms fall and Seth lifted his head.
His eyes were red from crying but something in his eyes showed he was still Seth.
The same darn stubborn and annoying Seth I was friends with.
That let me relax a little.
He faced me, “You should go back to the others.
I bet they’re probably wondering…” “No way,” I cut in.
“I’m not leaving until I get my answer.” Seth traced the dirt with the end of a stick.
“You say I’m stubborn” I laughed and he continued, “Listen, I don’t even know if it’s true or not.
There’s no need for me to worry any of you.
That’s why I didn’t say anything.” “I still don’t care, Seth.” I said.
He made a face, “Jazell I really don’t know if I should say anything…” I interrupted him again, “Seth just give up trying to talk me into not listening.
It’s a waste of breath.” I took my own stick and threw it at him.
He ducked, of course, and it landed on the ground.
“What if whatever you’re not telling us happens and we never knew?
How would that help anyone?” He looked down and mumbled something that sounded like, “You couldn’t help.” When he looked back up he said, “Fine you win, I’ll tell you.” He didn’t sound happy about it.
“I’m waiting.” “You know, when Emily asked for any warnings that we were given?” “Yeah.” I had a bad feeling where this was going.
“I lied.” I blinked in amazement.
“You lied to Emily?
She’s going kill you.” He smiled faintly.
“She doesn’t need to know.” “So a dwarf told you something?
Why didn’t you tell us?” I asked.
Seth looked away.
“It didn’t actually include you or anyone else, so I didn't say anything.” He paused.
“They said that I would betray you all and be Kojas' servant.
I would be the key to the downfall of Igneeria.
I don't know what to do Jazell; I don't even know if those things are true.
They won't attack me and I swear, if you gave them a minute, I bet they would help me.” He was talking so fast the words almost blurred together.
“I don't know what to say Seth,” I said.
“Maybe you shouldn't worry, maybe they're wrong.
You can control what happens.
If you say it won't happen, it won't.” “I hope you're right,” he said.
“Me too.” The mood was perfect.
I saw Seth relax a little and the look on his face was more like himself.
I was perfectly happy with the way everything was right now until I saw the small outline of a toad dwarf nearby.
“Uh Seth I don't think this is the best time to mention this but I think we have company.” I pointed to the shape.
He swore under his breath, and we both entered the dwarf's world together.
Sure enough, it was a dwarf but there was something strangely different about this particular dwarf.
He just walked toward us as if he wasn't afraid that I might put an arrow through his head.
Just as I was about to release my arrow, the dwarf cried, “Please stop!” I don’t know why I listened to him but I didn’t pull the string.
The dwarf was acting different than the others; its pudgy eyes were filled with fear at the sight of my arrow.
“Why?” Seth growled.
“Your kind has done nothing good to us except make us confused and our lives more complicated.” The dwarf looked startled.
“Oh you’ll have to excuse my brethren; they have a tendency to be rather annoying.” He took a long frightened look at Seth’s sword.
“Good sir, before you try to slay me, I have a message to deliver from her majesty.” I lowered my bow because I had a feeling I wanted to know what this message was.
If it was a lie, Seth and I could kill him anyway in a blink of an eye.
“Seth, maybe we should hear what he has to say.” “I’ve had enough of listening to dwarfs,” Seth hissed.
“All they bring me is bad news.” The dwarf was trembling.
“Oh please, sir, listen to the good lady!
I do not bring news that will cause you pain, but I bring news of the pain of others.
You must listen, it is my task!” Seth looked at me and I nodded.
He sighed and lowered his weapon to the ground, its tip digging into the dirt.
The dwarf relaxed a little, but its body was still full of tension.
“Thank you, sir!” he squeaked.
“Her majesty requests that I tell you about you’re real destiny.
She believes you’ve been in the dark long enough.” “What do you mean?” I questioned.
“Our real destiny?” “Yes,” he said, a little more relaxed, “it must take place in Igneeria, where you are truly needed.” My brow furrowed in confusion.
“But wait, aren’t we in Igneeria right now?” The dwarf gave a quick, half-hearted laugh.
“No miss, you are far from Igneeria.
You’re in the Half-way, the place between Earth and Igneeria.
The Half-way can act as a gate, or passage into Earth.
It seals off the two worlds and if a monster were to make it as far as the Half-way, it would have a truly difficult time completing its journey because it won’t find a way in or out of this place.” “So let me get this straight,” I said slowly, “we’re not in Igneeria right now but some Half-way?” The dwarf nodded, happily.
“So where’s Igneeria?” The dwarf rubbed his stubby chin.
“The entrance changes but its current location is in your town.
That’s how I got here.
But don’t get the Half-way confused with Igneeria, miss, for they are quite different.
Especially now, with all the dark events that have been occurring because of his rising.” “You mean Kojas?” I asked.
“Shh!
Not here, not anywhere!” he said quickly.
“Never say his name unless you’re sure he’s not around.
His name can summon him or others.
You understand, do not say his name!” “Alright, alright I get it!” I said.
“I don’t have to be told a million times.
Now what else do you need to tell us about our destiny.” I included air quotes around “destiny”.
He stared at me happily.
“Oh you have to come to Igneeria, miss.” “Wow wait, hold it!” I held my hands out.
“Buddy, you just show up talking about some destiny that we don’t know about and then you say that we have to come to some place that’s not here, and you expect us to go?
What about our families and people who’d ask questions, if we disappear.
What do we say, oh sorry about that everyone, we just felt like leaving Earth to go to this magical place called Igneeria to do something that we don’t know about.” “Well of course, there will be some minor difficulties,” he said.
“Minor?” I squeaked.
“Seriously, did you not hear a word I just said?” He placed his pudgy hands on his small hips.
“Miss don’t you think that Her Majesty would have this all planned out?
You don’t have to worry.” Seth twirled his sword.
“Why not, we have to tell our parents something.” “Sir, don’t worry about a thing.
All you need to do is go home.
Everything has been arranged.” “What do you mean, arranged?” Seth asked sharply.
The dwarf seemed to bounce up and down.
“It has sir, but I don’t know what her majesty did.
All I know is that all of you have to go home to get ready.” My mind whirled with all this new information.
“Wait, why do we have to go?
What is this destiny?” The dwarf gave a feeble smile.
“All of you must free our world from darkness, from him.” *** Seth and I walked back to our clearing, both our brains not thinking.
It was too much to take in at once.
Destroy Kojas?
We could barely take on a mass of monsters without dying, so how were we suppose to take down an evil, powerful demon?
As the trees parted away to show the empty ground, I spotted Emily and Jason looking like they were about to go to war with a bunch of sticks.
When they saw us appear, both dropped their weapons and smiled at us.
Typical cover up.
“Hey Seth, it looks like Jazell didn’t kill you after all,” Emily said and flashed me a grin.
“What was that all about anyway, Jazell?” I opened my mouth to spill the whole truth when Seth glanced at me.
I sighed at his expression, knowing that I couldn’t tell anyone if Seth didn’t want me to.
I didn’t want to make it worse by revealing what I knew.
When I didn’t reply, she covered her mouth with her hand to try to cover her chuckles.
“Oh then,” she giggled, “I hope you two had a nice chat.” “Stop it Emily!” I snapped and felt my face burn.
She snickered.
“Okay whatever you say, Jazell.” “We have to tell you guys something,” I told her and Jason about how the dwarf had showed up and what he said about Igneeria.
Emily listened quietly but when I got to the part that we were supposed to go there, her mouth fell open.
“That’s completely crazy!” Emily gasped.
“We’re supposed to just leave and go there?
What about our parents?” “He told me, and I quote, ‘Miss did you not think that her majesty would have this all planned out?
You don’t have to worry.’ I personally think it’s all a little skeptical, don’t you?” “Yes,” she said, digging for a pencil and paper from my bag, “I do.
We don’t even know who this ‘majesty’ is and if this information is reliable.
I understand the Half-way part, that makes sense, but the destiny part doesn’t.” I sighed and sat down on the log.
“The dwarf said to meet him tomorrow morning near ‘the thorn that reaches the sky.’ What does that mean anyway?” Jason stepped over and spoke instead of Emily, who was furiously writing everything down, as if she’d forget in a couple of seconds, “It could be a description of something in town, maybe a building or a landmark.” I suddenly got an idea and took another piece of paper out.
“Hey Jason maybe you could draw what you think it might be and that would help us.” “I’ll try my best, Jazell,” he said.
I knew that his drawing would probably help us.
He was the best artist I knew, his artwork was almost real.
“Hey guys,” Emily piped up from her paper, “I think we should get home and speak to our parents.
I want to see what this dwarf was talking about when he said that everything was already arranged.” “I agree.” I grabbed my backpack.
“Wait, are we going to go?” Seth and Jason grinned at me and said together, “You bet.” “That is if we can find the place,” Emily reminded them.
I turned the door knob and walked into the kitchen.
My mom and dad were sitting in the living room looking extremely excited.
Before I even had a chance to say hi, my mom jumped up and rushed over to me.
“You never told us that you applied for a summer camp!” my mom squealed happily.
“You also didn’t tell us that you were to be picked from the best.
Congratulations!” She hugged me.
“Um,” I choked out in surprise as I was squeezed, “I wanted it to be…uh…a surprise.” I managed to get the words out and seem intelligent.
My mom released me from her clamp-like hug, “Well I am surprised, and very proud!” “Thank you?” I said slowly.
This must have been the dwarf’s plan.
Would have been nice if he had warned me, I thought bitterly.
My dad got up and glowed happily behind my mom.
“We are very proud, Jazell.
You’re supposed to leave tomorrow, so you better pack.” “I’m going to go do that.” I said quickly, while I backed up towards the stairs.
As soon as I reached them, I shot up so fast you would think I was running for my life.
I closed the door, locking it behind me and then dialed Emily’s cell phone as fast as I could.
I sat on my bed as the phone rang three times before I heard it click.
“Jazell you wouldn’t believe what my parents just told me.
They say I signed up for some camp and-” “I know the same thing happened to me,” I interrupted her quickly.
I hear her breathe heavily, “This is crazy, it’s just happening too fast.
We have to go or we’ll be in big trouble with our parents.
But the thing is we don’t know where this meeting place is and-” She was cut off by the ringing of my phone.
“Wait a minute Emily, I’ll have to put you on hold.” She huffed in reply so I pressed a button and said, “Hello?” “It’s me, Jazell,” Jason’s voice said breathlessly.
“I know where the meeting place is.” “Great Jason, where is it?” I asked.
A shuffle of paper sounded as Jason moved around.
“It’s at the art statue, the one we call the rising hill.
It’s in the park, remember?” “Of course, when we were younger, we used to try to climb it.” I replied.
I heard Jason chuckle.
“Who could forget?
So I guess I’ll see you there?” “Of course, Jason, I’ll tell Emily.” “I’ll tell Seth then.
See ya.” Emily’s voice came back.
“Well, who was it?” “It was Jason, he found the meeting place,” I said.
“It’s the public art piece we use to climb.” “That makes sense.” She paused.
“I have to go, dinner.” “Bye Emily,” I whispered.
“See you tomorrow.” “Bye.” She clicked off.
After dinner I was laying in bed, my mind spinning.
I still couldn’t believe where I was going tomorrow.
To Igneeria.
Chapter 6
I opened my eyes the next morning, the sun’s rays shinning through my bedroom window.
I didn’t roll out of bed for a minute; instead I lay staring at the ceiling trying to prepare my brain for the day ahead.
I heard my mom and dad walking downstairs, talking excitedly about where they thought I was going to go today.
I rolled off my bed and walked sleepily over to my dresser to pull out a pair of jeans and a shirt.
After I had pulled the shirt over my head, I grabbed my half empty traveling bag and headed down stairs.
I dropped my bag near the door and walked over to the kitchen table.
My mom had placed a full plate of eggs and toast on the table; I sat down and started to eat.
My mom hurried over and glanced at her watch.
“You have about a half an hour until you have to leave.
Eat up.” I responded with a quick shovel of food.
Within 25 minutes, I was standing by the door with my stomach all queasy.
My mom rushed forward and gave me a quick hug.
“Be careful now and enjoy yourself!” “Right I will…” I said uneasily.
No doubt that I was going to be very careful indeed.
I stepped outside and the door closed behind me.
My mom and dad watched from the window, waving happily to me.
I returned a slow, uncertain wave and hurried off towards the park.
As I entered the park, I spotted the rising public art statue.
The shape twisted and stretched towards the sky, trying to touch it.
Now that I really thought of it, it did look like a thorn.
I dropped my bag and leaned my back against the statue, closing my eyes.
I wondered what Igneeria would be like.
Maybe the place would be pretty decent… “Jazell?” Emily’s voice scattered my thoughts and I opened my eyes to see her walking briskly towards me.
She too had an empty bag slung over her shoulder.
She dropped her bag next to mine and leaned against the statue.
Nobody spoke for awhile.
Finally Emily opened her mouth and said, “What are you thinking about?” “What?” The question had caught me by complete surprise.
“What are you thinking about?” she repeated.
“Surely you must be thinking something; we’re going to some ‘other world’!” I closed my eyes.
“I was just wondering what it would be like in Igneeria.
What about you?” “Well,” she said thoughtfully, “I was thinking about Kojas-” “Emily don’t say his name, I don’t feel like being yelled at again.” I interrupted her.
“Fine,” she said, a little annoyed.
“I was thinking about him, if I must call him that, and what he’s like.” I rolled my eyes.
“Emily isn’t it obvious; he’s evil for crying out loud.
That’s why we have to go and stop him.” “I know that Jazell, gosh, but I was wondering what he looks like.” “I don’t want to know,” I said.
Emily twirled her hair, “I know but I’m just curious.” I bit my lip.
“If we do end up fighting this guy, you’ll get your wish.” Minutes later, Jason emerged from the trees and dropped his travel bag on the ground.
He leaned against the statue next to Emily, giving us both feeble smiles.
“So,” he said, trying to sound happy, “travel day today, huh?” We didn’t answer.
“Okay looks like I’ll do the talking,” Jason said.
“You two excited?” Emily shook her head.
“No, Jason we’re both jumping for joy, but it’s so deep down that instead we both look like we want to slug you,” I said sarcastically.
Jason sighed, “Okay, you would say something like that.
I thought in a mood like this you would be less…annoying.” As soon as he finished his sentence, I wacked him as hard as I could.
Seth showed up after that, placed his bag on the ground, leaned on the statue next to me, and didn’t say a word.
We all stood there waiting for the dwarf to show up.
Right as I was about to give up and say we had the wrong place, he appeared.
Jason saw his blurry outline first and signaled us to enter the Half-way.
The wind whirled around me, and I walked over to the dwarf with the others.
The dwarf was breathing heavily, trying to catch his breath.
All four of us stood there waiting and when he got his breath back, he spoke.
“I am glad that you accepted my message,” he said to Seth and me.
Then he turned to Emily and Jason and said, “Ah, it’s great to meet the other two.” He beamed at all four of us.
“Hi,” Emily said, looking a little freaked out.
“So now that you’re here, are we going to get a move on or what?” “Oh of course, follow me please.” He shuffled off and disappeared behind the statue.
Jason raised an eyebrow.
“Where is he going?” Emily sighed.
“There’s only one way to find out.” She walked behind the statue.
Seth, Jason, and I followed her.
As soon as I was on the other side, I gasped at what I saw.
In front of me was an archway.
Two entwined hooks were mounted on the top.
Each side was twisted metal that ended in the ground.
In the center, two pieces spun together and ended holding a pulsing, black crystal.
You should have been able to look right through the archway but there seemed to be a sheet of transparent black glass in the way.
“This is the door to Igneeria,” the dwarf pronounced proudly.
I fought the urge to say, “No duh!” Jason looked up, mesmerized.
“Epic.” “Epic?” Seth scoffed.
“That’s all you can say?
This,” he motioned to the dark archway, “can't be described by one word.” I smiled to myself.
The old Seth seemed to be coming back, which was great.
I was getting really tired of quiet, watching Seth.
“Then how about ‘the coolest thing on Earth?’” Jason asked.
Seth shook his head.
“No, it’s not even a part of Earth.
Try creepy, but cool.” Emily rolled her eyes.
“Boys, I still don’t know how they find this interesting.” She pointed to Jason and Seth, who were continuing to guess random names to describe the arch.
“I mean, who cares!
Am I right about them?” “Yes, completely,” I said and fought a laugh.
“Don’t try to understand or you’ll get lost in the complicated labyrinths that are their brains.” “I think this is the most thinking the two have ever done,” Emily said with a sigh and shook her head, making her pink curls dance.
“It’s just sad.” I was about to say something else when the dwarf gave a loud cough.
Jason and Seth fell silent, outlined by the eerie glow of the arch.
“You must know a few things before you enter,” the dwarf said, pacing back and forth.
He reminded me of a teacher instructing a class.
“First of all, once you enter, there is a chance that you won’t be able to leave for a while.” My heart fell at this.
“Second, Igneeria is wild and offers little protection.
Especially at a time like this.” He gave us a hard stare.
“You might get seriously injured, or you might almost die.
You must be ready for this.” I felt my stomach do sick flip-flops.
I wasn’t ready.
“Anyway,” the dwarf said quickly, obviously seeing our surprised faces, “I think all of you can deal with that.
Shall we go?” Seth shrugged, “I guess.
The answer to that question doesn’t really matter.” The dwarf held his hand out, “Shall we go then?” I shrugged, “Lead the way, shorty.” The dwarf gave me an annoyed look and walked towards the arch.
I expected him to go right through but he disappeared in a swirl of black mist.
Jason shrugged and ran in after him.
“Wait Jason,” Emily called.
“Dang, never mind.” She disappeared too.
I went to follow her and hesitated.
Seth walked up to me, “You nervous?” “Why shouldn’t I be?” I said, shaking.
“Is going to a different world supposed to be vacation-relaxing-in-the-sun easy?” He smirked, “I never said that.” “You implied it,” I said, with a roll of my eyes.
He sighed and pushed me into the doorway, the dark, swirling mist swallowing me up.
I felt his hands leave my back for a second and then they were back.
The chilly feeling welcomed me, like a long lost friend.
As soon as the mist cleared, I was standing in a forest clearing.
The sky was hazy and dreary, making me want to run back to Earth.
But when I turned around, the door was gone.
Emily looked terrified, her eyes bigger than the eerie moon above.
Jason was frozen next to her, eyes darting around at the shadows.
The dwarf stood perfectly calm in front of us.
No one spoke because there was nothing to say.
I heard rustling in the trees and dozens of creatures came thundering out.
I noticed Thrashers, Frost Beasts, swamp trolls and many others I have never seen.
They lumbered towards us, teeth flashing in the moon light.
Seth whirled around on the dwarf.
“You set us up!” he hissed, sword drawn.
“This was all a trap!” The dwarf's eyes widened in alarm, “I swear, sir, that I knew nothing of this!
I warned you that you must be prepared for anything.” “Seth,” I said slowly, placing a hand on his shoulder, “Don't attack him, we need him to help us get through Igneeria.” I felt his shoulder muscle tense under my fingers but he lowered his blade.
He didn't sheath it though, because he would need it in the fight.
He glowered at the dwarf, “Don't think that I trust you, dwarf,” he said angrily.
“You're only alive because Jazell makes a good point.
But if I find that you are lying to us,” he sliced the air, “You're going to have a lot more problems than you think.” The dwarf gulped and looked away.
I gripped Seth's shoulder and he turned around to face me.
I saw distrust flash in his eyes but he gave me a weak smile.
We turned to face the monsters heading for us.
Seth charged ahead, slicing Thrashers and Frost Beasts.
I notched an arrow and released it.
It soared into a swamp toll's head, making it shout out in agony.
Seth spun around and plunged his sword into the troll's side.
It gave a screech and fell to the floor, dead.
Emily raised her hands and vines shot from the ground and wrapped around a troll that had tried to crush Seth.
I aimed an arrow at its chest and the troll fell to the ground next to the others.
The last beast fell, dead from Jason's knife, and we all took in a deep breath.
Seth sheathed his sword and I slung my bow back on my back.
Emily sat on the ground next to Jason, Seth and me as the dwarf stood in front of us.
“Sadly,” he started, “I cannot be with you all anymore.
I must leave and go back to her...” “Wait a minute!” Seth exclaimed, jumping up.
“You're leaving us?
You little...” “Seth!” I protested and stepped in front of him.
“Don't you dare think about killing him.
He got us here-” “And he's leaving us here in some random place when we have no clue what to do or where we're going,” Seth interrupted me.
The dwarf shook his head.
“I'm very sorry, sir, but her majesty told me to bring you here and then to report back.
I must tell her about the ambush, someone knew I was bringing you here.” “Don't you have to bring us to her?” Seth asked.
The dwarf cocked his head.
“No, she will see you when she believes you are ready,” He turned around and disappeared into the woods.
“Wait!” I yelled and ran after him.
“Wait, Jazell,” Seth called after me and I heard him follow.
The trees parted and the dwarf stood in front of me.
He gave me a small smile.
“I do wish you luck, miss.
I hope you survive.” “Please help us,” I begged.
“We need your help.” He shook his head.
“I'm very sorry, miss, but I can't.” He gave me another smile and was gone.
“Jazell,” I heard Emily say.
I turned around to see her smiling at me.
“We'll be fine.” “Emily's right,” Seth said.
“We don't need him.
If he doesn't want to help us then it's his fault if we don't get where we need to go.” “We should find somewhere to stay for the night,” Jason suggested.
Seth nodded and we followed him deeper into the dark woods.
I walked beside Emily as the trees passed us.
Things seemed to watch us from the shadows and I felt like some poor little kid who was afraid to be a victim of a Halloween “jump-out-of-the-bush” scare trick.
I shivered in silent fear.
Emily studied me, “Are you cold?
Do you need to get warmed up?” A little flame of fire flickered to life in her palm.
I gave a shaky laugh.
“No, I'm not that kind of cold.” She put the little flame out.
“Ah, I know what you mean,” she said and hugged me.
“I'm feeling the same way.
But don't worry, they,” she motioned to the boys, “don't have to know.” “They'll find out eventually,” I mumbled.
“But that doesn't have to been now.
I bet they must have some kind of fear themselves.” I shivered.
“It's like going throw the bogey-man's home.” “He must not get a lot of visitors,” Emily commented.
“I'm defiantly not coming over anytime soon.” Emily laughed and the boys stopped walking.
The trees parted to reveal a rock ledge.
I spotted a small cave, the entrance covered in thick, twisted bramble.
The sky was getting even darker and more ominous when Seth turned around to face us.
“We'll head for the cave and stay there for the night,” Seth said.
“Then we'll set off.” Emily crossed her arms.
“Who made you in charge?” “You have a better idea, Emily?” Seth snorted.
“Or maybe you'd prefer to sleep in the open.” “Uh I think I'll stay with that plan,” she said quickly.
“But you're a grump Seth.” she pushed past him and headed the path to the cave.
“You are, Seth,” I said.
I followed Emily, with Jason and Seth on my heels.
When we reached the blocked cave entrance, Seth drew his sword and sliced the vines apart.
They fell to the ground and the cave was revealed.
We walked inside the dimly lit space and I sighed in relief at some safety.
The air smelled musty and I had a feeling no one had ever been here.
I sat on the floor next to Emily and the boys sat on the opposite side of the floor.
“We should all get some rest,” Seth said with a yawn.
“We can figure out what to do next when we wake up.” I nodded sleepily and laid down on the hard ground.
I closed my eyes, feeling a strange tiredness come over me.
I barely heard Seth mumbled, “I don't like our situation at all.” That night, I had the weirdest dream.
I was standing on a dark cliff, the eerie moon high in the sky.
The wind whipped at my hair, causing me to see the green strands in front of my eyes.
The cold nipped at my cheeks and nose, which I tried to rub back to warmth.
I stood at the edge of the cliff and gasped when I looked down.
Underneath me, hundreds of monsters gathered around a fight.
I couldn’t see who was fighting inside because a swamp troll blocked my view, but I knew it was brutal the way they whooped at a screech of pain.
I wanted to close my eyes and look away, but I was so curious to see what was going on, that I couldn’t.
The crowd parted to reveal the scariest and most hideous thing I’ve ever seen.
It must have been some type of faery because I could see long, pointed ears sticking up from the sides of its head.
Long, black hair was stuck out in all directions on top of its head looking slimy and dirty.
Sharp, twisted horns sat on top of its head, gleaming in the dark.
A long, billowing black cloak spiraled out behind it, completely covering the rest of its body.
Its eyes shined red and full of hate, although there was a terrible smile that danced on its face.
“VICTORY!” It boomed in a chilling voice.
The crowds of monsters roared in applause and excitement.
The trolls banged their clubs on the ground, on their chests, and even on each other.
The howl of a Frost Beast rose into the night, making me feel even more chilled.
I wanted to wake up.
But I couldn’t.
I needed to find out what that thing was and what it had killed.
I also had a horrible feeling, deep down that made me know that this wasn’t a dream but some type of vision.
This was happening in real life, right now in Igneeria.
That proved that Igneeria had worse things to hide than what we thought was bad.
The thing walked forward and the crowd parted to make it a path, falling silent.
I find myself creeping back until I could barely see the scene below.
I was afraid that it would see me.
Then I got a glimpse of what it had killed and I had to hold back my tears.
The poor body of the dwarf who had brought us here was lying in a contorted heap, limbs twisted in all directions.
The scene was awful and I had to prevent myself from throwing up.
Then I knew why they beat and killed him.
All the other dwarves were on Kojas.
This dwarf must have betrayed Kojas to bring information to whoever “her majesty” was and to help us into Igneeria.
I suddenly knew that this dwarf was much braver than we had given him credit for.
I suddenly felt awful because I knew who the thing was.
Kojas.
Chapter 7
“The little traitor thought he could fool us,” Kojas announced, “but he was wrong.
His death does not matter to me but what matters is what he could have said and done against us.
He may have spilled too much.
“But it does not matter!” he continued, his voice flowing with reassurance.
“I have knowledge that the half-lings have entered our world and our grasp.
The dwarf may have done us a favor, bringing them here, without knowing it.
My help, my prize travels with them.
He will bring us to victory, the half-ling boy!” The crowd roared louder than ever, fueled by the thought of victory.
Anger rose inside me with every word Kojas said.
Seth would not help them and the dwarf didn't make a mistake.
The only one making the mistake was Kojas.
The crowd fell silent as he said, “We will find them and kill them.
Than nothing will be in our way!” My disbelief grew and a single howl sounded above all.
I felt the ground disappear underneath me as I woke up to the safety of the cave.
I opened my eyes and had to squint because the light was so strong.
I sat up and leaned against the wall, looking around.
The sun shone brightly through the cave's entrance, making dirt particles appear in the air.
Seth was leaning on the wall, twirling his sword in the dirt, not appearing to notice that I was awake.
Emily and Jason were sitting in the center of the cave, playing some kind of hand game.
Jason hit Emily in the arm and she started yelling at.
So, this is typical thing to wake up to.
I stood up and walked over to Seth.
He looked up from the ground and saw my troubled face.
“What's wrong, Jazell?” “I need to speak to you,” I said in a low voice, “alone.” Seth nodded in understanding and I followed him out of the cave.
We stood off to the side near the edge of the cliff where Emily and Jason couldn't see us.
For a minute, I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.
So what was the point in waiting?
“I had a dream last night,” I began.
“Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
“What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
“I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.
Seth shook his head.
“It's not your fault that he said those things about me.
I'm happy you didn't try to keep it from me.” “What should we do?” I asked desperately.
“Well we know that the dwarf is dead and that Kojas knows we're here,” Seth said.
“We also know he's going to be looking for all of us.” “So?” “So?” Seth mimicked and smiled.
“We do what we always do.
We'll just step up our game and do a little more running than we're used to.
No problem, right?” “Ya,” I said, feeling the fear creep up again.
“No problem.” “Jazell, it's okay to be scared,” Seth looked me in the eye.
“I'll admit to you, only you, that I'm scared too.” “No,” I said with mock surprise.
“You?
Scared?
Never.” He gave me a light shove.
“Hey smarty pants don't be sarcastic with me.
I just gave you a huge secret.” I laughed and shoved him back, “Don't tell me what to do, bossy.” “Well,” he teased, “at least I'm not going around making fun of friends who are scared.” I opened my mouth to say something smart when I heard a small, “Ahem,” at the cave entrance.
I looked over my shoulder to see Emily standing there, leaning against the rock wall, smiling in a way that made you happy...but scared.
I mentally braced myself for whatever was coming from my eavesdropping friend.
“So,” she said casually, “What are you guys talking loudly about?” “Uh...” was all my brain could compute.
Luckily Seth saved me.
“What's wrong with two crazy, half-ling kids going outside in the morning because they're both tired of listening to their other two friends bicker while they play hand games?” “Well, you know it's weird that you two are talking alone, without letting the rest of us know what it is,” she shot back.
“Unless you two are hiding something from us?” Nice save, Seth.
“Um...” I said.
“Why would we hide anything from you two?” Emily put her hands on her hips.
“I don't know, but you two are acting like you are hiding something.” She stopped and gave me a wicked smile.
“Unless you two were not talking-” “God no, Emily!” I interrupted her.
“No way, we were just trying to get away from you two because I just woke up and you guys are really loud first thing in the morning.” She sighed.
“Fine, don't bite my head off Jazell, I was just asking a question.” Then she turned and disappeared back in the cave.
Seth let out a huge breath.
“Wow, I'm glad she left.
I had the feeling that she knew we were hiding something.” He hunched over me.
“Because we are.” “Do you think we should tell them about my vision?” I asked.
He chewed his lip in frustration.
“Maybe we should, but not include the parts about me.” “Seth,” I said slowly hoping he didn't get mad at me, “we should tell them what's going on with you eventually.
What if Kojas comes for you and they have no clue why-” “No!” he said sharply, and the tone of his voice surprised me.
“I can't Jazell, I wouldn't have told you if you hadn't ran after me demanding to know what I was hiding.” “But you're happy I did, right?” I asked.
He looked away.
“Yes I am.
It's a lot better than hiding this on my own.
The secret just keeps getting bigger.” I rolled my eyes.
“Emily will find out eventually, and when she does, she'll kill you for keeping a secret from her.” “Let's hope it isn't until you and I figure this thing out.” I nodded and walked back into the cave.
Emily and Jason watched us enter and I swallowed nervously.
Seth gave me a small nod, signaling me to start telling them about my dream.
“Listen guys, I had a dream,” I said and repeated my dream again, minus the part about Seth.
Emily and Jason listened to every word I said.
When I got to the part about Kojas, Emily's mouth made a small O and Jason's eyes widened.
My voice shook as I recalled the dwarf's dead body.
“That's awful!” Emily said, her voice shaking.
She hopped over and gave me a small embrace.
“I'm sorry you had to see that.” “Uh...thanks Emily,” I said and allowed myself to be hugged.
She bounced back over to Jason's side and waited for me to continue but there was nothing else to say.
I had told her everything I needed to tell her.
Did she somehow know that I wasn't telling her the whole story?
I looked at Seth out of the corner of my eye and saw him doing the same.
We needed to talk longer and more in depth about the situation we were sharing.
“So,” Emily said and tapped her fingers on the cave wall, “is that all?” “Yes.” “Well then,” she looked us in the eyes, “what are we waiting for?
Let's get a move on and leave this small, damp cave.” I shrugged and followed her out.
The sky was lit but still had a gloomy feeling mixed in with the warmth.
I felt a sense of dread as we entered the never-ending forest again.
A few rays fought their way through the thick canopy of trees, making it possible to see what was around you.
Seth led the way as we followed a faint path through the unknown.
I was bringing up the rear of the line, Emily in front of me.
I watched her cloak swish around her ankles, the rhythm surprisingly soothing to me.
The silence was unnatural, and I felt like there should be some kind of sound.
I shouldn't have thought that.
Out of nowhere I heard a single rattle.
Then it suddenly stopped.
A feeling of unease rose inside of me but I kept walking.
Then another rattle that didn't end sounded, vibrating all around us.
Another seemed to join it, then another and another until the noise was unbearably loud.
Sick, quiet laughter sounded all around us.
It giggled and laughed in amusement, shrieking at us.
The laughter stopped, but the rattle didn't.
But whatever it was, it surrounded us.
The four of us pressed together.
“This is the prey?” a rake-like voice cackled.
“This is nothing!” I saw Seth draw his sword and the rest of us readied our weapons.
I gripped my bow so hard that I was afraid it might break in two.
I heard more screechy laughter.
“Easy kill,” another agreed.
“No challenge,” something else piped up.
“The King under estimates our abilities.” It laughed.
A voice hissed, “We will show him.” This was seriously starting to freak me out.
It was like the dead were talking to me, and I shivered.
Then I saw them.
They slithered from the shadows of the trees and bushes.
There hundreds of them, each easily my height.
They were covered in black, grey green scales that were each the size of my hand.
They were layered on its body like plated armor.
Their beady dark, red eyes sent shivers down my spine.
I slung my bow back over my shoulder and grabbed my hunter's knife from its sheath on my side.
One stopped and raised its head up towards me.
It opened its mouth to reveal rows of sharp, yellow fangs.
A chuckle escaped its mouth.
“What are you going to do with that, half-ling?” it said with a voice that sent needles into my skin.
“A knife won't do a thing against something like me.” I almost listened to the thing and started to lower my weapon but I caught myself.
My hands started to shake.
Its eyes glistened with hunger.
“You can't even hold a weapon.
So how are you going to save your friends?” I didn't know what it was talking about until I looked over.
Seth was stiff and frozen, his eyes following one of the snake creatures that was climbing its way up his leg.
It twisted itself around his arm and brushed onto his neck.
Seth swung his sword at the back of the snake but there was a flash and it sliced his arm instead.
He winced and dropped his weapon.
The snake had wrapped around his neck and was squeezing.
I gripped my knife but stopped when the creature snickered from the ground.
“I wouldn't do that if I were you,” it said.
“That wouldn't be wise.” “Why?” I demanded.
“It wouldn't be right to help Seth?” It hissed in laughter.
“No, half-ling.
If you haven't realized it yet, we change our shapes.
Your friend already hurt himself learning that.” Seth wasn't looking so good.
He was bent over and was grabbing at his neck.
I then realized that the snake was now a smaller brown colored snake and had its whole body wrapped completely around his neck.
I had an awful feeling that I couldn't help Seth without hurting him.
I was helpless.
Emily and Jason were farther off fighting their own swarm.
I could see from here that they were slowly losing too.
Emily continued to try to fry the creatures or knock them away with air, but it wasn't really working.
I kept seeing Jason's knives fly off into the woods, or sink into the ground, instead of hitting their mark.
“And now half-ling,” it whispered with joy, “you die.” It lunged up at me.
I had a sudden feeling inside and I stabbed at the creature.
It tried to change forms to avoid the knife's path but somehow my knife stabbed it anyway.
It withered and then went still.
I gasped as the body fell to the ground and even some of the creatures, around stopped.
They murmured among each other, “She killed a syphon!
She killed one of us.” So the awful creatures were called syphons?
What did they want?
I made a mental note to tell Emily about this.
That is, if all of us didn’t die first.
They screeched in anger and I felt their eyes on me.
Every single one was full of burning hatred.
But I ignored the feeling and focused on Seth.
His eyes locked on mine as he wheezed and he sent me a clear message, Help.
Not that I needed his permission anyway, it's just Seth never asked for help.
I, again, suddenly knew the syphon's weakness but I didn't know why or how.
I could sense some dark black area on the neck just like a target dot.
I stabbed it and the creature gave a dying hiss, falling to the ground too.
Seth rubbed his neck and grabbed his sword.
“Thanks Jazell.” “No problem,” I said.
“Want to rescue the others?” Seth grinned, “Sure, Jason isn't going to be happy about me saving his butt.” “Well he can deal,” I said and walked quickly towards Emily and Jason.
“We better hurry.” I reached Emily in a few, quick strides, stabbing some syphons that were trying to attack her.
She looked up at me and opened her mouth to ask me how the heck I did that but I shook my head.
I'd explain the unexplainable later.
“Aim for the neck!” I shouted to the both of them.
“It's their weak point.” They both nodded in agreement.
Jason spun around and began to stab them as I suggested.
He ducked and I say their number start to drop because of his quick reflexes.
The swarm's size was reduced to half.
The syphons were starting to look uneasy, hesitating before they flung themselves at us.
It didn't matter to me.
“Retreat!” one of the voices yelled.
“Fall back!” They gave one more angry hiss at us and disappeared into the woods.
The bushes and trees rattled and then the woods were silent.
I could hear everyone's heavy breaths as we turned to face each other.
Well, actually everyone turned to me.
“So,” I said and wiped the sweat off my knife's handle, “that was something, wasn't it?” Emily put her hands on her hips.
“Jazell, how the heck did you know how to kill those things?” She shook her head.
“What were those things?” “Syphons,” I said.
“I don't know how I knew where to stab them.
I just did, alright?
It was weird.” Seth shook his head and leaned against a tree.
“How come you get some random power when the rest of us don't?” He gave me a fake pout.
“It's not fair.” I leaned against the tree next to him and rammed my elbow into his side.
He winced and I grinned.
“I didn't ask for the power, Seth.
But it did save our butts so I'm happy, I magically gained it.” “Well I hope I get some cool power too,” Emily said and stretched.
“Whatever,” Jason said and twirled a knife in his hand.
He seemed to go back to say-a-few-words-and-then-say-nothing-which-drives-everyone-crazy.
Emily made a face at him.
“Wow, thanks so much for the support, Jason.
That speech was incredible.” Jason stuck his tongue out.
“You're welcome.” “One day,” she mumbled.
“One darn day...” “Emily, are you okay?” I asked.
Her head shot up and she gave me a big smile.
“Yup, never better.
I'm just having a minute to myself.” “Okay...” I trailed off.
Seth walked over to join us.
“We should get moving and find somewhere else to stay.
If we stay and argue in the forest, something worse is bound to find us.” “Right, lead the way,” I said and pushed off the tree.
Seth nodded and I walked beside him as he led us, once again, through the woods.
Emily and Jason were talking quietly about something which gave us both the opportunity to talk.
“You think Kojas sent them?” I mumbled to him and pushed a branch away.
He looked at me from the corner of his eye.
“Obviously, why else would they say that the 'King' would underestimate them?” “You make a good point,” I said.
“Why did the syphon attack you?” I lowered my voice so only he could hear me.
“I thought you said they wouldn't attack you.” He looked uneasy.
“The syphon said he would be rewarded for grabbing me.
I think he wasn't trying to kill me but trying to knock me out.” “So he could bring you to Kojas.” He nodded but he seemed somewhere else.
He sighed and said, “I hope they won't go too far to achieve that, or it'll get harder to hide this from Emily and Jason.” I crossed my arms.
“I told you that we should tell them.
But you still refuse to let me-” “No,” he said sternly.
“No and that's that.” “Fine,” I said and threw my arms in the air.
“I give up.
At least I tried but you're just too stinking stubborn.” Seth flashed me a smile.
“It's what you love the most about me.” I punched him in the arm.
“Who said I loved anything about you.
Maybe I like puppies more.
At least they listen, mostly.” “Ow, that hurts,” he said and clutched his side.
I laughed and felt the world brighten a bit.
“You're so annoying.
You can add that to the list.” “You just love to insult me,” Seth grinned.
“Is it your new hobby?” “It will be if you keep annoying me,” I fought the urge to punch him again.
He just rolled his eyes at me.
He really is the most annoying person I've ever met besides Emily and myself.
Wow, he was going to have us both beat.
“I'm sorry to interrupt your playful banter, but are we actually looking for a place in particular or just some random cave?” Emily's annoyed voice asked us from behind.
“Yes, just a random cave or a place to stay.
Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
“Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
“Can you find a way out?
It just goes on and on.
I'm hoping that we find a clearing soon.” “Fine,” she said and crossed her arms, “I'm sorry I interrupted your conversation.” Then she started talking to Jason again.
Seth made a cat noise and clawed the air, “Someone's a pussy cat today.” “Be quiet Seth or she'll hurt you,” I said and looked over my shoulder.
Emily seemed to have heard that and she winked at me.
I smiled and winked back.
“Seth I'd be really careful.” Seth snorted, “I'm not scared of her.” “I would be,” I said and had to fight another smile.
I could tell it was getting past noon because the air started to get cooler.
I was suddenly really jealous of Emily's long robe.
I also was getting hungry and wondered if there was any way to get food in Igneeria.
A huge rumble startled me and I looked up at the sky.
We were in a clearing and I could see the sky clearly.
Dark clouds covered the sky and a rumble shook the air again.
A single drop of water landed on my cheek.
“Oh no,” I breathed.
Another drop landed on my forehead and then on my chin.
Then they started to pick up speed and I covered my face with my hands.
The rain streaked through my hair, soaking it to my head.
Seth looked extremely annoyed as he stood there, his blue hair plastered to his face.
His eyes were half covered by his hair and his eyes locked onto mine.
He rolled his eyes and looked away.
Jason had his arms over his head, trying to keep the rain off his red hair but I already saw dark spots all over it where the rain had escaped his arms.
Emily's pink hair was dry and safely under a hood.
Wait, what?
“Emily, how come you have a hood?” I had to shout over the rain.
She gave me a dazzling smile.
“I'm always prepared.” “This is just great,” Seth shouted.
“We better find some shelter because the rest of us are getting soaked to the bone.” “I'll take the lead,” I said and ran in front of him.
“You'll lead us into a dragon's cave if you take the lead.” Seth rolled his eyes again.
“Fine!” I walked through the trees and took a right.
The trees parted and the trees ended.
Right ahead of me was a cave.
“Found a cave, that wasn't too hard Seth,” I said.
“Right,” he said.
“So what are we waiting for?
Let's go!” I ran towards the cave, eager to get out of the rain and into somewhere dry.
I stopped in front to catch my breath.
Emily, Jason, and Seth ran up behind me and we stared into the cave.
I took a deep breath and started to enter the cave.
All of a sudden, a roar made me freeze.
Two nostrils and eyes popped up from the cave.
My blood stopped.
It was a dragon.
Chapter 8
I stood, frozen in fear at the sight of the dragon.
It stalked towards me.
The piercing green eyes bore into mine and I was more scared than I had ever been in all 15 years of my life.
“Jazell move!” Seth yelled and pushed me behind him so hard, I almost fell over.
I caught myself and pulled out my bow, notching an arrow.
We all tensed, prepared for a fight.
All of a sudden, Emily walked towards the dragon.
Seth yelled at her to get back but she ignored him.
She stood right in front of its head and opened her mouth, bizarre sounds started coming out.
We all stood there mesmerized as she grunted, growled, snorted and hissed at the dragon.
I expected it to just take a huge bite out of her, but it seemed as surprised as we were.
“Emily, what's going on?” I shouted to her and started to walk over.
Seth reached out and grabbed my arm.
I spun around, suddenly annoyed.
He shook his head and nodded over to the dragon.
I looked and to my surprise it was bending down to let Emily stroke its head.
She patted its head and it curled up outside the cave.
She bent down to whisper something in its ear and then stood up again.
“Well,” she said looking at us, “what are you waiting for?” She disappeared in the cave.
Then she poked her head out.
“Come on!” We walked slowly into the cave.
I glanced over at the dragon, which was now asleep and making small puffs of smoke in the rain.
I sat on the cold stone floor, shivering.
I was soaked to the skin and my hair was completely plastered to my head.
Seth sat next to me and I could see he was shivering too.
Jason slid down the wall across from us with his eyes closed.
“I never want to walk again,” he mumbled.
“Never.” “You're going to have to, dude.
We have a lot of walking left to do,” Seth said wearily.
Jason groaned and circled up against the wall.
Emily pulled her hood off and examined herself.
She mumbled something and squeezed her sleeves.
“I feel so heavy and gross.” Jason's eyes popped open.
“Why are you complaining?
You're freaking dryer than all of us and you got some awesome power, too.
You can't complain.” “Language Jason,” she scolded.
“I hate even being a tad wet so I feel like complaining.
I just do, so deal.” Jason scowled and closed his eyes again.
“I'm sleeping and if anyone wakes me up and it's not to kill something, I'll stab them with my dagger.” “Wow you're just a sparkly rainbow today,” I said.
Emily shook her head.
“He's just a fat crab.” “Maybe I am,” Jason said, “deal.” Emily sat near the entrance of the cave.
I heard Jason's breathing slow down which met he was sleeping.
I found myself pressing my shoulder to Seth's, trying to find warmth.
Heat flowed into my shoulder but it wasn't much.
Oh well, you can't always be satisfied.
“Emily, how did you keep that dragon from attacking us?” I asked.
“You were making funny sounds that made no sense to me.” She looked puzzled.
“What do you mean, I was speaking English and so was the dragon.” I shook my head.
“No you weren't, you were making grunting and growling sounds.” “That's odd, I didn't think I was,” she said.
“I told the dragon that we were four half-lings who needed shelter from the rain.
Then he asked if we were against Kojas and I said yes, that he was hunting us.
Then he told me that he would let us use his cave because he was on our side.
Then I thanked him and here we are, inside the cave nice and dry.” “Maybe that's your power, you can speak to dragons,” Seth suggested.
“But I don't understand how you two get powers and we don't.” “Be patient,” I said.
“Yes,” Emily murmured and stifled a yawn.
“Girls first, Seth.
Have a problem with that?” “All right then,” he said and leaned against the wall.
“Sweet dreams to you two.” “Yup sweet dreams to us,” I said and closed my eyes.
“Goodnight Emily.” “Goodnight Jazell.” I drifted off, feeling surprising comfy against Seth's shoulder and hearing Jason softy snore.
I opened my eyes to see myself standing in the woods.
The sky saw clearer and it wasn't raining anymore.
It was eerie quiet and as I stood there it felt like I had never left the woods.
I heard a voice whispering one word over and over again.
“Jazell...” “What?” I called.
“What do you want?” “Jazell...” the voice whispered again.
“Jazell.” “What?” I screamed into the trees.
“What do you want?
Why do you have to repeat my name over and over again, it's creepy.” “Jazell, beware,” it whispered again.
“Beware.” I stomped my foot in frustration and yelled, “Beware of what?” “Beware,” it mumbled back.
“Beware of the shadows.” “What?” I said, startled.
“I know how scary shadows are and I don't need you to tell me that.” “Jazell...” “That's it,” I said angrily.
“I'm getting an answer for once.” I ran towards the voice, which was hard because it sounded like it was everywhere.
A bright light flashed and I saw a ghost-like girl disappear in the darkness.
My eyes widened as I saw Seth and then darkness.
But not before the voice said one more thing.
“Beware of each other.” *** I opened my eyes and shot up so fast my head collided with Seth's.
I clutched my head and said, “Ow.” Seth stretched his arm to rub his eyes.
“What's wrong?” he asked.
I shook my head.
“Nothing.” I looked at the beads of sweat on his forehead.
“What's wrong with you?” “Nothing,” he said.
“I'm just hot because when someone sleeps on someone else, that person kind of gets hot.” “What do you mean?” He shook his arm.
“You fell asleep leaning against my arm.
Were you cold?” My face went red.
“I didn't mean to, sorry.” “It's not a problem, at least no one was cold,” he said.
“I need to tell you something,” I said.
“I had another dream and I saw you in it.
It was kind of spooky, actually.” “Really,” he said.
“You were in my dream too.” “There was a voice calling my name,” I said, remembering the creepy dream.
“It was saying to beware of the shadows.
Then I saw this ghost-like girl before I saw you.
Then I woke up.” Seth nodded.
“Mine was calling my name too and said to beware of the shadows.
But I saw a ghost-like boy instead.
Then I saw a glimpse of you and then I woke up.” “Who do you think they were?” I asked.
“The ghost kids.” “I don't know but I have a feeling that they weren't on Kojas' side,” he replied.
I glanced over at Emily and Jason, making sure they were still sleeping.
“Why do you think they were in our dreams?
Was the 'beware of the shadows' that important?” “Does any of this ever make sense to us?” Seth asked with a shrug.
“We just wait it out like we always do.” Emily groaned and stretched.
She opened her eyes, squinting at the two of us.
“Morning.” “Good morning Emily, sleep well?” I asked, wondering if she had the same type of dream as we did.
She shrugged.
“I slept soundly, why?” “Nothing, just curious.” “Okay,” she stood up and tip toed towards Jason.
“Now the best part, waking up the grump.” She bent over close to his ear.
She took in a deep breath and then yelled at the top of her lungs, “PIE!” Jason jumped up so fast that Emily had to jump back to avoid getting hit in the head.
He almost fell backward but he steadied himself against the wall.
One of his knives slid into his hand but by the time he realized what was going on, we were all laughing hard I was getting the hiccups.
Jason panted out each word, “That...is...not...funny!” He glared at Emily so hard she must of thought that he had laser eyes.
Emily was holding herself and trying to stop laughing so she could speak.
“I'm sorry Jason...but you were such a grouch yesterday...we had to get you back!” “I will get you back,” Jason said angrily.
“I will.” “Okay Jason,” I hiccupped.
“But you're going to have to wait a while.” “Dude that was hilarious,” Seth choked out and had a smile on his face the size of the cave.
“I'm surprised you didn't scream like a little girl.
But you did jump like one.” Jason's face went red.
“I thought I'd get some support from you, Seth.” He crossed his arms.
“You might be next, you know.” Seth shrugged.
“Maybe, but I don't care.
We all need a good laugh to keep our spirits up and if that means scaring the crap out of me, I'm fine with it.” “So you'll be fine with me dragging you outside while you were sleeping and leaving you in the rain?” Emily asked.
Seth narrowed his eyes.
“No, I'd be cold, wet and annoyed.
You can do that if you feel like having me be grouchy all day.” “Nah,” Emily said.
“I don't think it would be worth it.” “Are we just going to sit here and talk or are we going to get a move on?” I asked.
“Alright then,” Emily said and walked out of the cave.
“If you want to go in the dreary woods so bad, we'll go.” Jason walked after her, shoulders hunched.
I went to follow him when Seth said, “We should tell them about our dreams.” I turned around and faced him.
“We should, they need to know in case they have ones like ours.” Seth nodded and followed me as we joined everyone else outside.
Emily waited for us and then headed into the woods.
She waved to the dragon and we disappeared once more.
I stared off into the trees, waiting for Seth's cue to tell them about the ghost kids.
Seth raised his hand, signaling for us to stop.
He put a finger to his lips and pointed in front of him.
I crept up and peered at where he was pointing.
A bunch of dwarves and tall, muscular men crowded around something.
The men had double swords sheathed on their back, long ears, and long black hair.
They were wearing some type of combat boots and thick coats.
One of them moved and I saw a tied dragon staked to the ground.
It continued to try to stand but it seemed to weak and fell back down.
I heard Emily gasp in horror and I felt the same way.
One of the men poked it in the side with the butt of his sword and the dragon grunted in pain.
I looked over my shoulder at Emily.
She looked like she was about to start crying any second.
Seth drew his sword and crouched down.
He shuffled forward and motioned for us to follow.
We slid through the trees as quietly as we could.
I kept my eye on the faery men, waiting for one of them to turn around and notice us hiding in the trees.
I ducked behind a tree and looked over just in time to see Emily trip and fall out of her bush.
The faery and dwarves looked at her in surprise.
I guess they’ve never seen a teenage half-ling girl fall out of a bush before.
“Am I interrupting something?” Emily asked with a gulp.
The faery men drew their double swords and charged at her.
I released an arrow and it buried itself in one of their necks.
It fell backward and they turned to my hiding spot, searching for me.
Two knives flew and a dwarf and man collapsed on the ground.
I saw Jason hide behind his tree again.
One dwarf got too close to Emily and she raised her arms, dousing him in flames.
He screeched and fell to the ground, withering and then went still.
Seth ran from the trees, brandishing his sword.
He swung it around and clashed with one of the faery's swords.
The faery brought the other around and Seth twisted to avoid it.
He grabbed the blade and flung it out of the man's arms.
He roared angrily and threw his sword down on Seth, who raised his up to block it.
Seth pushed back, but I could see him shaking.
Right when I thought he was winning, my mouth dropped open.
Time seemed to slow as one of the other faery guys ran over to Seth and the one he was locked with.
The faery raised one of the hilts of his sword and brought it down on Seth.
It collided with his head and Seth dropped his sword.
He crumpled to ground and didn't move.
“Seth!” I screamed.
He didn't move and one of the faery men reached down to grab him but I screeched, “Leave him alone!” and sent an arrow into the guy's neck.
I heard Jason yell in rage and they started to drop like stones.
Emily raised her arms and the ground shook under a faery.
Roots twisted upward and wrapped around one of the five faery men that were left.
The other four fell dead from my arrows and Jason's knives.
I ran out from behind the tree and stormed over to the squirming faery man.
Or I should to call them faery jerks now.
I grabbed his coat and forced him to look at me.
He smirked and I couldn't hold back the urge to slap him.
I slapped my hand across his face so hard it left a mark on his cheek.
“Start talking,” I snarled.
“Who are you guys and what are you doing?” The faery jerk smirked again.
“We're part of Kojas' personal guard.
We were sent to look for you half-lings.” “Well I want you to know something,” I said and got closer to his face.
“We will win this fight, mark my words.
Kojas is going down, way down if you know what I mean.” “Well,” he said, “if you let me go I'll give him your message.” “I don't think so,” I whispered.
“You can tell him when he joins you.” I rammed my knife into his stomach and pulled it out.
The faery's eyes rolled upward and he went still.
I wiped my knife on my pants and sheathed it.
I ran over to Jason, who was crouched over the unconscious Seth.
Jason looked up and I saw his face was full of concern.
“Can you help Emily, she's trying to release the trapped dragon,” I whispered to him.
Jason nodded.
“Will do Jazell.” He stood up and walked over to Emily.
I sat on the ground next to Seth.
His eyes were closed and he looked dead.
His blue hair was ruffled up in all directions.
I was so sure that he might be dead that I placed a hand on his chest, feeling for a heartbeat.
I felt the steady thump under my fingers and I sighed in relief.
I removed my hand and looked over at Emily.
They had freed the dragon and they both were petting its head.
It stretched its wings and they both had to duck to avoid being hit.
“Seth,” I whispered, “this is what I meant when I said things would get bad if we didn't tell them.” I looked back at my two friends, who were laughing.
“I mean they are our friends, best buds, you get my drift.
I understand that you're scared and worried but so am I. I'm scared that if I'm the only one who knows about this, I won't be enough to help you.” “Jazell, I understand now.
I'm sorry I was such a jerk, I should have listened to you.” I turned back around to see Seth's eyes watching me.
He was clutching his head and groaning.
I gave him a hand and he grabbed it.
I helped him sit up and handed him his sword.
He laid it across his lap and looked at the ground.
“I'm glad that you're okay and that you've finally through your stubbornness,” I said and gave him a small smile.
“I just don't know what to tell them.” “Well, tell them everything,” I said.
“Start in the beginning and don't hold anything back.
If you do, I'll tell them the rest.” “Seth!” Jason said and ran over.
“You're awake, man!” “Yes and I feel like crap,” he said.
“I think that if I try to stand up I'll either pass out or throw up.” “Will you be okay flying?” Emily asked.
“What?” I asked.
“Flying?
What do you mean 'flying', Emily?” “Our new dragon friend offered to fly us out of the woods region and towards more of the mountains.
I said yes, of course, because I don't want to walk the whole way there,” she explained and walked towards the dragon.
“I guess...” Seth said and stood up.
He paled and started to sway.
Jason grabbed his shoulder to steady him.
“Thanks Jason,” he panted.
“Take it easy, Seth.
We can wait a minute if you need to rest,” but Seth shook his head.
“No let's move now.
Emily, tell us what to do.” “Alright, boss,” she said sarcastically.
“Everyone come over.” We walked over to her and the dragon with Seth leaning on Jason.
The dragon was lying on the ground, watching us closely.
Its long, leathery wings were tucked neatly on each of its sides.
It snorted as Emily climbed onto its back.
I stared at her, starting to think she was a little crazy.
“Come on!” she said and patted the dragon's back.
“Do you think that you're too heavy?
Well, you aren't, so get on his back.” I walked over and climbed onto the dragon's back.
Jason half hauled Seth on the dragon's back, and Seth almost fell on me.
He grunted a sorry and pushed himself up in sitting position.
Jason hopped on last and gave Emily two thumbs up.
“Alright,” she called.
“Let’s move!” The dragon stretched up and I bounced around for a second.
It opened its huge wings and launched itself into the air.
If you’re thinking of trying dragon riding as a hobby, I wouldn’t.
I fell backwards and landed on Seth who snapped at me to get off.
I couldn’t move because we were still going up and if you paid attention in science class, this is usually when you can’t move.
It’s called gravity.
The dragon righted itself and I scrambled back into sitting position.
We were gliding high up in the eerie sky and the view was actually beautiful.
The trees looked like an endless sea of lush green and the sun peeked out from behind the clouds.
I felt the urge to hold my arms out like they do in those movies so I could feel the wind on my arms.
It was already making my hair flap all over the place.
I heard Seth huff out and I turned.
He gave me a face and said, “Your hair keeps getting in my face.” I turned back around.
“Deal.” We turned in the air and I could see the mountains in the distance.
They were small but were growing fast as we neared them.
I could feel the dragon’s muscles pump underneath my legs.
Small gusts of air rolled off the dragon’s wings that blew Emily’s hair in her face.
I smiled as she raked the pink strands out of her mouth.
We dipped down and I felt the “stomach-in-your-chest” feeling you usually get from rollercoasters.
I closed my eyes and tried to ignore it but I couldn’t.
I hated this feeling just as much as I hated puking, and the chills that liked to run up my spine at random times.
Then all of a sudden, the dragon stopped.
My eyes opened in horror as I saw the small trickle of blood fall from a hole in the right wing.
Then we started to fall.
Chapter 9
I screamed so loud that my ears felt like they were going to pop.
We plummeted to the ground, falling closer and closer… Oh man, I thought and closed my eyes.
Don’t look, don’t look, don’t look… “Really!” Seth yelled at the sky.
“This brings new meaning to ‘things can’t get any worse!’” I gripped furiously to the limp dragon.
I was falling to my death: so this is how it was going to end.
I never pictured it this way; I thought I would die a little more heroically, not screaming like a little girl.
“Not now Seth,” Emily screamed at him.
“Everyone think!” “How can I think,” I screeched back, “when the ground is rushed towards me at full speed?” “I don’t know Jazell, just think if you want to live,” she said quickly.
I let out another scream as my body tipped towards the edge of the dragon.
I felt someone wrap their arm around me and I gave a grunt as I was pulled upright.
Seth held me, his arm stiff and somewhat uncomfortable.
I was frozen in fear, realizing that I hated falling.
This was worse than my fear of rollercoasters.
“Calm down,” Seth said to me.
“You’re not going to fall-” “What do you mean, Seth?” I said in a panicked voice.
“We’re freaking falling right now!” Emily looked at us and she tried to hide the fear in her face.
“The dragon is going to pull its wings around us to protect us from falling but it’s going to make us fall faster.
Make sure you hold on to something or get in the center.” Seth pressed himself against me and we leaned closer to the dragon’s back.
Jason tucked his arms under him and Emily pressed next to him.
Then, as if on cue, the dragon tucked its great wings over us, blocking out the sky and we began to really fall.
I screamed louder and sunk deeper into Seth, trying to forget that we were falling at about 90 miles per hour without a parachute.
Every second felt like an hour.
I squeezed my eyes in an effort to make it all go away.
Make it stop, make it stop… Seth gave me a comforting squeeze but it didn’t help.
I tried to think of something else, like penguins or llamas.
Anything, I didn’t care what I thought about, it could be underwear, as long as I wasn’t thinking about what was actually happening to me right now.
Llamas, I thought urgently.
Llamas are furry and they spit at you when they’re mad.
They’re the joke of most middle school kids, they’re tall…I think.
You can see them at parks or zoos.
They tend to try to steal your dad’s hat at the zoo.
They can be black, brown, and white.
I don’t think there are pink or purple or green llamas out there unless you dye them.
I saw a llama once when I was, six at the zoo, and it stole Dad’s hat.
They had to send a park ranger to get it back because Dad really liked that hat… A bone-shaking bang scattered my thoughts.
Pain shot through my side.
We rolled over and I fell on top of Seth and then we both landed on Jason.
Emily landed on us and we all tumbled onto hard ground.
I didn’t move.
Instead I stared at the sky trying to understand how I wasn’t dead.
I just was hurting all over and my back felt like I was run over by a car.
I sat up and my back cried out in protest.
I pushed myself into sitting position and crawled over to Seth.
He had his arms behind his head and was staring at the sky.
He smiled at me when he saw me.
“You okay?
You freaked out before,” he asked, his voice full of concern.
I nodded and answered shakily, “You know that I hate falling.
You must have been scared too.” He hesitated.
“Yes, I was, but I think I was more concerned that you would wake the dead with your screams and they would attack us too.” I smacked him lightly on the arm and laid down next to him.
I stared at the sky.
“So where are we?” “Well, our winged friend managed to get us out of the woods and near the mountains.
You can see them over there.” He pointed off in the distance and I spotted the mountains towering above everything else.
“That’s good, at least all of this wasn’t for nothing.” He sighed and closed his eyes.
“Yes, I didn't lose my hearing for nothing, because I had to listen to you scream.” “Are you ever going to drop that?” I asked.
Seth smirked.
“Nope, it's going to haunt you for the rest of your life.” He made ghost sounds.
“Wait,” I said suddenly, “weren't you going to tell Emily and Jason about you-know-what?” “What?” Seth asked lazily and plucked at the grass.
I sat up and glared at him.
“What do you mean, 'what'?
You said you were going to tell them!
I'm going to tell them if you aren't.” I stood up, but Seth was faster.
He grabbed my arm.
I stood there and stared at him.
“Please Jazell, let me tell them myself,” he begged.
I waited for him to let go, but his grip stayed firm and strong.
I stared at him.
“Fine but I'm tired of waiting, Seth.” “I know, I promise I'll tell them,” He stood up, his grip still tight.
“I just don't think now is the right time.
After something like falling out of the sky, I don't want to bring more bad news.” I sighed.
“Alright, I'll leave this to you.
But I swear...” “I will, I promise you!” he interrupted me.
“I believe you, Seth,” I whispered.
“Now are you good and clear?” Seth stared at me, looked down at my arm and let go.
He brushed his dirty hair away from his eyes and looked around.
I blinked and shook my head.
“Jazell!
Seth!” I turned around and waved.
Emily was running over with Jason on her heels.
She slowed down and hugged me tight.
Jason slapped Seth on the back and bent over to catch his breath.
“Hey, where were you guys?” I asked.
“We were looking around to see if it was safe,” Emily said.
“We thought you two were doing the same.” She put her hands on her hips.
“I guess not.” “Are you going to get mad at me?” I pouted.
She play punched me in the arm.
“No, I'll let it slide.” She winked at me.
I looked over at Seth, trying to catch his eye but he avoided my gaze.
Jason started talking to Seth and the two whispered so we couldn't hear.
Emily rolled her eyes.
“So did you find anything?” I asked and traced the dirt with my foot.
Emily shook her head.
“Nothing, we're alone.
Maybe we can try to get somewhere without bad guys jumping out at us.” “We should move, before something does find us.
Whatever knocked us out of the sky isn't going to be friendly if they find us again,” I pointed out.
“Let's move boys, we have a lot more walking to do.” Jason groaned.
“Why can't they have cars in Igneeria?
Or maybe a motorcycle, I'm even fine with a golf cart.” “Because,” I said and walked past him, not looking back, “Igneerians aren't lazy Jason's.” I heard him huff and Emily ran up beside me.
“Good thinking,” she said.
“The girls should take control.” I shrugged.
“I guess if that's what you want to do.” Thankfully, there were no trees anywhere except one.
The ground was mostly dirt and rock, easier to walk on.
The mountains loomed ahead of us and something tingled down my spine.
Something was going to happen in those mountains, I just knew.
The sky was clearer here and also more windy.
The wind tugged at my hair and clothes as I walked.
I had to keep squinting to see through my hair.
I felt a tap on my shoulder and I looked over.
Emily held her hand out.
“Here Jazell, use this to keep your hair out of your face,” she opened her hand and dropped something in my palm.
I held it up.
It was a thin, vine that was about a foot long.
It felt like a ribbon to me and I shrugged.
I don't usually wear ribbons and bows; that was Emily's style.
I pulled my hair back and tied the vine.
It kept my hair out of my face and acted like a rubber band.
“Thanks Emily,” I said.
She finished tying her hair back.
“No problem.
We should look for somewhere to stay for the night.” I looked around, but everywhere was bare ground, hill after hill.
“I don't see any caves.” “We'll just have to sleep in the open,” she stated and pointed to a huge tree.
“We'll sleep under that tree.” “Okay,” I said, a little disappointed.
“Seth, Jason, we're going to sleep over here.” Jason sighed in relief and we all gathered around the bottom of the tree.
I stretched and leaned against the trunk of the tree, happy for the silence.
But, of course, that never lasts around here.
“Hey, didn't we stop the water war?” Emily asked.
“We never got to finish it and see who would win.” Jason laughed.
“Yes, we did, that's right!
It doesn't matter though; Seth and I would have won anyway.” “No,” she said, staring him down.
“We would win because we're awesome.” “No we would win because we're awesome!” Jason argued.
“Oh boy, what did the two start?” I asked Seth.
“This is going to go on and on and on and on...” “I get it,” he interrupted me.
“This is never going to end.
We'll be up all night.” “Unless you interrupt them and tell them about your secret,” I said.
Seth looked down.
“You want them to kill me?
Maybe I'll tell them in the morning when they aren't so crabby.” “You better,” I snapped and stared at Emily and Jason.
They were still bickering.
I felt something on my hand and I looked down.
Seth had wound his fingers in mine.
His touch was gentle and cool, kind of reassuring.
My mind blanked.
I was holding hands with Seth.
I never thought that would happen.
Seth smiled sheepishly.
“Jazell, you should just relax.
Let them bicker all they want; we don't have to be a part of it.
Get some sleep.” My mind was still slow, trying to process why he was holding my hand.
I blinked and nodded.
“Alright but if it starts getting crazy, wake me up.” “Wake you up?” he asked and laughed.
“I'm sleeping too.
If it gets crazy, they'll wake us up.” “Okay,” I said and yawned.
I leaned my head against the tree and closed my eyes.
The world seemed to fade around me, along with the bickering and Seth's hand, as I fell asleep.
I opened my eyes to see that I was in a cave.
I peered at the entrance of the cave to see that outside it was dark.
I walked toward the entrance when something stopped me.
“Don't go into the shadows, Jazell,” a familiar voice said.
It was the voice from my last dream.
I whirled around in a circle, looking for the source of the voice.
There was nothing here.
“Who are you?” I asked, trying to calm down.
“Can I trust you?” “Trust me like your shadow,” the voice said again.
“But you said to beware of shadows,” I said.
“So does that mean I can't trust you?” “You know your shadow, there is a difference,” the voice said again.
I shook my head.
“This is confusing, why don't you understand that?” There was a pause.
“I do understand; I hated it too.
All the annoying riddles but that's the way it's supposed to be.” Then the voice said stronger, “Look behind you.” I turned back around to see the inside of the cave.
A girl was walking towards me, the same one I saw last time.
She didn’t like it because I was staring at her, but I couldn't help it.
She stopped in front of me.
“You're not supposed to see me yet,” she said and sighed.
“Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
“I can't tell you yet.
That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
“Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
“I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.” She huffed, “Coward.” “How do you know?” She smiled sadly.
“Let's just say I know what I'm talking about.
Be careful and keep your friends close.
The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
You are strongest when you are together, so don’t let yourselves be separated.” “Wouldn't it be called 'an breakable bond', then?” I asked her.
She laughed but then grew serious.
“Be very careful.
We all know that we picked the right four, but it would be a shame if something happened to all of you before you could complete your goal.” That got my attention.
“You know how we became half-lings?
You know who attacked us that day?” “I've said too much already,” she said and backed up.
“I must go.” “Wait!” I called.
“Wait; tell me what's going on!
Tell me what we're supposed to do!” But she was already gone.
*** I opened my eyes and the cold of the morning bit at my cheeks.
Seth was fast asleep next to me, his blue hair covering half his face.
Emily was curled up a few feet away from me.
Jason turned in his sleep, mumbling something unintelligent.
I needed to talk to someone, but everyone was sleeping.
I pushed Seth over and his eyes flew open.
His hand went to his sword but he saw me and he relaxed.
“What was the point of pushing me over, Jazell?” “Well, it seemed better than punching you in the side.
Were you dreaming?” I asked.
He shook his head.
“Just a bunch of nonsense I don't even remember.
Why, did you get another vision?” “Yes,” I said.
“It was with the same voice that was in my last dream.
Only this time, I talked to the ghost girl.” “You did?
What did she say?” “She hinted that she knew who made us this way and who attacked us that day,” I said.
“She also said that Kojas would use our emotions against us and try to get us to come to him.” Something dark crossed Seth's face.
“She also said that we were chosen because of our strong bond, but she said, not to test it,” I continued.
“She also told me not to go into the shadows.” Seth stretched.
“So the usual confusion?” “I got more this time, Seth.
Anyway, do you have any information to offer here?” I asked with an edge to my voice.
Seth put his arms in surrender.
“Hey, don't start yelling at me.
We were getting a long pretty well last night, let's keep it that way.” I felt my face flush when I remembered last night.
“Yes, you're right.” I was eager to change the subject so I said, “Are you going to tell them when they wake up?” “Yes I will, Jazell.
I promised.” I sighed in relief.
“Good...” I heard a loud yawn and Emily stretched her arms in the air.
She stood up and walked the couple of feet over to me and stopped.
I pushed myself up and leaned against the tree.
Emily gave me a light smile.
“Good morning!” she said and twirled around.
“Hello bare ground that has no forest!” “You seem to be in a good mood today,” I mused and watched her twirl.
She stopped and her face crinkled up in thought.
“I think it's because I didn't wake up to be in a never-ending forest.
Plus, last night Jason got so sick of arguing with me he just gave up.
I think I won.” “Great,” I said half-heartedly.
“That's only because I was too tired to keep arguing with you,” Jason said and he sat down next to Seth.
“If it was morning, it would have been different.” Emily sighed and shook her finger.
“Excuses.” “Listen guys,” Seth said, “I have something to tell you.” He looked at me and I nodded.
Emily twirled her hair.
“Hm?
What is it Seth?” “I've been hiding this from you for a long time,” Seth began.
“Only Jazell knew what it was because she found out that I was hiding something, and demanded to know what it was.
So I told her, and ever since I did she's been bugging me to tell you too.
But I didn't want to, I was afraid that I would get you worried about nothing.
So far it hasn't turned out to be nothing.
The incident with the faery guard showed that clearly.” I walked over to him and sat at his other side.
I gave him a smile.
He smiled back and continued.
“The faery could have easily stabbed me through the heart but he didn't because he wanted me alive; to give to Kojas.” Emily gasped and covered her face.
“Why, what would he want with you?” Seth closed his eyes.
“He's saying that I'm going to be his key to success, in taking over Igneeria and Earth.
He wants to use me, I don't know how yet.
They're going to do whatever they can to bring me to him; I'm going to have to be extra careful.
I don't know-” “Seth,” Jason interrupted him.
Seth looked up at his best friend.
“Seth,” Jason repeated, “you aren't alone.
Kojas isn't going to get a chance to use you because he's going to have to get through me first.” “And me,” Emily added.
“Don't count me out.” I stood up and faced Seth with Emily and Jason.
“And he's going to have to get through me too.” Seth smiled and stood up.
He sighed in relief.
“Well, that's a load off.” “I don't know whether I should be mad at you for not telling us or be happy that we're all on the same page,” Emily said thoughtfully.
“But you better not keep anything else from us or Kojas won't be your problem.” She winked at him and set off with Jason on her heels.
I think they were going to start arguing about the water war.
“Great job Seth!” I said and hugged him.
His eyes seemed to widen in surprise but he didn't tell me to get off.
I pulled away, blushed, and started to follow Emily's tracks.
Seth followed behind me and there seemed to be a new spring to his step.
I couldn't even keep the smile off my face.
Everything seemed a lot better to me.
At the top of the hill, Emily and Jason were waiting for us.
A shadow formed behind them and I screamed for them to turn around.
“What the heck?” Seth shouted and pointed.
Oh snap.
Chapter 10
Emily and Jason dashed back to our sides as the shadow became a body.
It was bigger than the dragon we had rode.
It had the body of a huge cockroach but its tail was a giant stinger.
Large, bat wings were holding it up in the air.
“What is it?” I asked.
I turned to Emily and said, “Emily, you know anything about this creature?” She looked pale.
“It's saying, 'Kill half-lings, kill and eat.
'“ “Well, you better tell it that it's going to have to starve this time because it's not going to be eating anything,” Seth said confidently and held his sword out.
She shook her head.
“There is no way that I'm going to say that.” “Jazell, can you see its weakness?” Seth called to me.
I squinted at the creature, and saw a dark circle under its belly.
“It's under its belly, but you have to get by the stinger first.
That might cause us a problem.” “No problem,” Seth replied and swung his sword in an ark.
“We’ll just cut off the stinger.” “Seth it’s not that simple…” I said but he ignored me.
Ug, the nerve of that boy.
“Jason, try to hit its face,” he instructed.
“Emily, knock it off balance.” “Can I skip while I do it?” Emily asked.
He gritted his teeth.
“Fine.” He turned to me.
“Jazell, you’ll aim for the belly while we hold it off.
If you can’t get an arrow in before I can cut off the stinger, then I’ll have to do it myself.” “Fine boss dude,” I said with a snort.
Seth ducked and charged the creature, his sword held out behind him.
Jason flicked some knives into his wrist and flung them at the creature.
Some hit their mark, which was signaled by the creature roaring out in pain, others fell into the dirt.
Emily danced close to it, spinning fire from her fingertips.
The creature raised a leg and swatted at her but she just twirled away.
The stinger narrowly missed Seth, and I saw him stumble back in surprise.
He swung his sword at the stinger.
It sliced through and the creature screeched so loud I was afraid everyone would hear it.
The stinger fell on the ground and dark blood oozed from the cut.
“Now Jazell!” Seth yelled to me.
I notched an arrow and took aim at the thrashing belly.
I pulled the string back and released it.
The arrow whizzed through the air and sunk into the creature’s belly.
It shook and fell to the ground.
Seth ran from underneath it right before it crushed him.
He turned around and studied it.
Then there was a horrible sound, like ripping metal.
The belly of the creature seemed to open up and winds picked up.
Seth threw down his sword as the wind sucked at him.
He tried to keep himself from being pulled in.
I ran up to him with Emily and Jason right behind me.
The winds were so powerful I started to slide toward the body, before I was even close enough.
Seth’s knuckles were white in the effort to hold himself down.
“Get back,” he ordered.
“Get back or we’ll all-” He didn’t get to finish his sentence because his sword came loose and we all we’re sucked into the black void of the creature.
*** I hit the ground so hard my breath was knocked out.
I laid there, sucking in painful breaths and staring at the sky.
There was something different about it, even though it was gloomy.
There was more than gloom and sadness in the air this time, it was something cold, like death.
I shivered because the ground was so cold and hard that it chilled me to the bone.
Seth’s head blocked out my vision.
“Hey, you alright?” I sat up and Seth helped me up.
I rubbed my sore back and looked around, taking in the dead looking trees and shadows.
“Where are we?” “I don’t know, Jazell.
The creature must have been a setup to bring us here,” he replied.
“I think I know who did it.” “It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure that out, Seth,” I pointed out.
I looked around.
“Where are the others?” Seth went pale.
“I don’t know Jazell, they aren’t here.
They’re just gone.” My stomach twisted into a knot.
We had always been a group of four and now it was just the two of us.
The ghost girl’s words came back to me.
The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
You are strongest when you are together, but don’t let yourselves be separated.
Kojas had separated us because he already knew that.
The girl had warned us for a reason.
She had known that Kojas was going to try to split us up into groups so that we would be weak.
I watched Seth pace back and forth, nervously running his fingers through his hair and drumming the hilt of his sword.
I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.
The girl had told us more than we had thought.
Maybe Kojas thought we would both imagine that he did something to the other two so that we would come running to him.
I had a feeling that Emily and Jason were okay and just as confused as us.
That also meant that Kojas knew as much, and maybe more than us.
*** Emily pushed herself into sitting position, ignoring the sharp pains in her elbows and knees.
Jason was leaning against a tree nearby, tossing a knife from hand to hand.
She saw a deep, red scratch on his left cheek and the way he winced every time he moved his right arm, she could tell she must have injured it.
“Do you know where the others are?” she asked him.
He shook his head.
“No, they’re just gone.” “We’re separated?” she said nervously.
“Yes,” he replied.
“What do we do?” “Why are you asking me?” she demanded.
“You’re the one who comes up with plans.” Emily paced back and forth, trying to think.
Where were Seth and Jazell?
Were they okay?
More importantly, where were they?
“I don’t know,” she said finally.
“I just don’t know.” “Oh no,” Jason said nervously.
“When Emily doesn’t know, the world ends.
Do you wish now that you were at home, curled up with a book?” “Yes.” *** “Seth,” I said, “calm down and think.
We can’t stay here forever, and pace.”Seth didn’t stop and he started mumbling under his breath.
I walked up and pushed him around.
“Seth, you have to think.
Kojas did this on purpose, he’s trying to weaken us by splitting us up.
He wants us to go running to him.” “I know what he’s trying to do, it’s driving me crazy.
The nerve of this guy.” “Faery,” I corrected him.
“He’s not a ‘guy’, he’s some demon faery.
Calling him ‘guy’ makes it sound like he’s just a normal human.” “Does it matter right now?” he asked, through clenched teeth.
I looked away.
“I guess not.” “We should move,” he said.
“I want to find out where we are and where the others are.
We’re going to find them and I swear by the Bible, if Kojas hurt them, I’m going to kill him myself.” “Seth!” He shrugged.
“It’s too late now Jazell, I just swore by the Bible.
Kojas means business and if he wants this to be a war, I’ll give him a war.” Then he stormed into the trees and disappeared.
“Wait, Seth!” I yelled and ran into the trees.
I scanned the trees.
“Seth!
Seth where the-” A hand clamped down on my mouth and I spun around, knife in hand.
Seth dropped his hand and pushed past me.
“Stop yelling my name, Jazell, or you’ll tell the whole world that I’m here.” My arm dropped and I slid the knife back in its sheath.
I followed Seth through the trees.
This time there were less of them and the only ones that around us looked half dead.
The bark was peeling off and I could see the tree branches leaning towards the ground.
The air was cold and heavy, like a mound of snow on your shoulders.
The trees parted to show a cliff.
We walked up to the edge and the wind whipped at my face.
A feeling of déjà vu came upon me.
I knew where we were because I had been here before.
“Seth, I was here in my dream, the one with Kojas and the dwarf,” I said.
His eyes widened and he looked down at the ground below, obviously trying to imagine what it had looked like.
I had seen it and I was seriously scarred for my life.
“You sure?” he asked.
“You know that this means that Kojas was here, so he can’t be too far away.” “Don’t get your hopes up.
I saw him once and I have no intention of being near him anytime soon.” He sat on the edge, the wind tossing around his hair.
It was going to be seriously wind-blown later.
I sat down next to him and I was trying to forget the dwarf’s mangled body.
I shook and hugged myself.
“Are you cold?” he asked, his voice full of concern.
I just shrugged and squeezed my eyes shut.
I saw Kojas’ glowing eyes and sword, the dwarf, his armies, the ghost girl, the dark woods and her haunting voice.
It all crashed down on me, the weight of the whole situation.
We were being hunted, I could die.
Oh boy, this is what happen when I think things out.
“You are cold,” he stated.
“Don’t deny it; you’re shaking like a leaf.
Wait I don’t like that analogy, you’re shaking like a mole rat.” “Do mole rats shake?” I asked.
He rolled his eyes and wrapped an arm around my shoulder.
We sat there in silence and I leaned on his shoulder.
We both stopped shivering as we stared at the sky.
“Seth, I’m scared,” I whispered.
“What happens if something goes wrong?” “Nothing will go wrong,” he said fiercely.
“I won’t let it happen.” I closed my eyes.
“I keep seeing what happened that night.” “It’ll go away,” he said.
There was a long silence.
“This is too awkward and I don’t like the silence.
It’s not normal for us.” I laughed.
“Someone make a joke quick!” “Okay,” he said.
“This feels like those weird movies where the boy puts his arm around the girl and then something comes out of nowhere and eats them both.” I laughed so hard I gagged.
“I’ve never seen that kind of movie.” “I did and it was lame.” I smiled and twirled a leaf in one of my hands.
Maybe everything was going to be okay after all.
*** “Hurry up Jason, you’re so slow!” Emily yelled at him.
Jason walked the rest of the way up the hill and bent over to catch his breath.
“We've been walking all day and you're not tired?” “Nope, I've got dancer muscles.” Jason sat on the ground.
“Well, I have artist muscles and those are in my hands.” Emily rolled her eyes.
“Then walk on your hands.” “No way!” he said.
“Fine, then don't complain.” She climbed into a small tree that was near the cliff she had spotted.
She leaned back and let out a sigh of relief.
Her legs were killing her but she wasn't going to tell Jason that.
He got up and sat at the base of the tree.
“You had to take the good tree?” She motioned around.
“There are plenty of trees to pick from Jason.
So pick one.” He mumbled something and closed his eyes.
Emily shook her head.
He was too stubborn sometimes.
Emily stared at the sky and then she knew what he had said.
She looked down to say something but Jason was fast asleep.
He had said he wasn't going to leave her alone.
*** “Jazell, maybe we should try to go down there,” Seth said and nodded to the ground below.
I shrugged.
“Why?” “It might lead up somewhere.
Plus, if Jason and Emily see it too, they might go down.
It'll be easier to find each other.” “Okay,” I said and stood up.
I brushed the dirt off my pants and followed Seth, who was walking off to the side.
He went down to the left of the ledge and followed a steep path.
I walked behind him and had to dig my heels in to avoid from slipping down.
The path ended and Seth had to jump down to reach the bottom.
He landed gracefully but almost tripped.
I walked up to the edge of the path and jumped off.
I flung my arms out to steady myself.
Seth grinned at my clumsiness and waited for me to walk up to him.
I wacked his head with the back of my hand, making his hair stick up.
He smoothed it down and we walked across the flat ground.
The ground had spots of grass sticking out of sand and rock.
Luckily, there was no wind down here to toss up the sand and dirt.
I think I passed the spot where the Kojas had stood in my dream.
I threw the thoughts out of my head and tried to think of something else.
Like, where this flat plain of flatness ended.
“Where are we going, anyway?” I asked and stared at the sky.
It was going to get dark soon.
He looked up at me through his hair.
I could see the curved end of his lip, which met he was smiling.
“Do we ever know, Jazell?” “Good point.” *** Emily couldn't sleep.
She kept closing her eyes but it didn't seem like a time to sleep.
She wanted to do something, just to occupy her busy mind.
She watched a strange creature fly over to her tree and hook itself on a branch near her.
It looked like a butterfly with only one set of wings, which were transparent and seemed to glow.
It had a tail and curled around the branch so it could rest its middle.
Emily watched it and its beauty; she didn't think that something this pretty could be found in a place so dark and full of death.
“Hello,” it said.
Emily propped herself up on her elbow.
“Hi, what are you?” “An augothas.” it replied and fluttered its wings.
“Are you a half-ling?” “Yes, how did you know?
Is it that obvious?” The augothas seemed to cock its head.
“Well you can't be a faery because you don't have the ears and you can't be a pixie because they're always giggling around.
How can you understand me?” Emily shrugged.
“I don't know, it's this new power I have.
My friend has one too.” “That sounds like the other one.” “What do you mean?” she asked.
The augothas uncurled its tail and took off in the air.
“I must go, friend.
Good luck.” It took off into the sky and Emily couldn't see it anymore.
She sighed and leaned back.
This was getting too complicated.
Who had the augothas meant?
*** The sky had turned gray and the sun, which was still hiding behind the clouds, seemed to drop.
I was still walking and walking and walking and walking and walking... You get my point.
I was so sick of walking I couldn't explain it in words.
Maybe in a song, here I go: Lalalala!
So sick of walking!
Lalalala!
My legs are gonna come off!
Lalalala!
I want a golf cart!
That's how much I was sick of walking; I was making a freaking song up in my head.
I never do stuff like that, never.
But I guess my mind was tired of seeing the same thing over and over again.
I wish it would get interesting.
Oh, it was going to get really interesting.
The ground rumbled and we both stopped dead.
I looked at the earth and cracks appeared.
Then dirt started to cave in.
I screeched as the ground gave way under me.
Can my life get any worse?
*** “Emily,” Jason said, “I heard something.” Emily's head jerked up and then she remembered that Jason was below her and she looked down.
Jason was staring at the plains below the edge.
Emily climbed down the tree and ran over to him.
She could see a puff of dirt that was tossed up in the distance.
Emily squinted her eyes.
“What is it?” “I don't know,” he said.
“Should we head out there?” “I think we should,” she replied.
“We have nowhere else to go.”
Chapter 11
“Jazell!” Seth yelled, but his voice was muffled by the dirt flying everywhere.
I grabbed at something, anything, but there was no hold.
“Seth, where are you?” I thought that he said something but, I couldn't hear him.
All I could hear was the blood pounding in my ear and my racing heartbeat.
Dirt fell into my mouth and I coughed, trying to get rid of it.
My vision was closing, getting dark.
I'm tired...
I closed my eyes as I fell into darkness.
*** Seth opened his eyes and curled up, retching.
He took in deep, shaky breaths and laid back, staring up.
He narrowed his eyes and saw a small spot of light.
What the heck?
He was underground, in a cave.
He groaned and sat up, his back throbbing.
His head was pounding so hard he had to close his eyes to keep from passing out.
He felt worse than he did when the stupid faery smashed his sword into his head.
He looked around the dimly lit cavern and spotted Jazell, sprawled out on the floor.
He crawled over to her.
*** I couched and gagged, turning over.
Dirt fell to the ground from my dry mouth.
I looked over to see Seth fall back on the ground, breathing heavily.
I looked around the room and up at the sky, but I couldn't really see it.
“Seth, where are we?” I asked, my voice hoarse.
He sat up.
“I think we're in some underground cave.
When the ground collapsed, it must have carried us here.” “That stinks,” I said.
“Are we stuck here?” “Not unless you know a way to grow wings with nothing but dirt.” I stood up and tried to rake the dirt out of my hair.
“We're stuck here.” Seth sighed in frustration and brushed his blue  hair.
He fluffed it up but the dirt was still stuck in globs.
I rolled my eyes at his attempts.
I turned around to see an entrance.
I walked over and bent down.
There seemed to be some kind of sign or symbol.
It was two circles with a sword through the center of both.
“Seth, look!” I said and pointed to it.
He came over and bent down, tracing the sign with his finger.
I waited and finally said, “Well, do you know what it is?” Seth dropped his finger.
“It means, 'slayer of worlds'.
Does that ring a bell?” “How do you know that?” I asked.
He shrugged.
“I don't know how, I just do.
Maybe that's my power.” “Well, I want to go this way,” I said and pointed to the entrance.
“If something like that is on the entrance, I want to know where this goes.” “I agree but aren't we supposed to be trying to find Emily and Jason?” “I have an idea,” I said and pulled my bow off my back.
I removed one of my arrows and put my bow on the ground.
I walked over to Seth and pulled his sword out of its sheath.
He grabbed for it but I already had it in my hands.
I put the tip against the arrow and carved the same sign as the one on the wall.
Then I tossed Seth's sword back at him, which he caught without a problem, and picked up my bow.
I notched the carved arrow and released it.
It whizzed up and out of sight.
“There, now they'll know how to find us.” Seth whistled.
“That's a good idea.” He gripped his sword and walked through the tunnel.
“Follow me.” I followed his steps as we.
“When you tell someone to follow you, it usually means that you know where you're going.” “Not this time,” he said over his shoulder.
The tunnel ended and opened up to the sky.
For a second I thought we were back on the plain, but we weren't.
The sky was blood red and a crescent moon was rising up.
From the feeling of the air I knew we weren't underground anymore but I didn't know where we were.
Skeleton trees were scattered to the sides.
There were long hills ahead, the grass a light gray.
“This place looks like it’s from a book about hell,” Seth said.
“Where are we now?” I asked.
He shook his head.
“Do we ever know where we are?” I shook my head and he sighed.
“Exactly, we never do.
You really got to stop asking that question.” He started to hike the hill.
“We‘re trying to find out.” I walked up behind him, my leg muscles cramping.
When we got to the top, I fell on my knees and breathed heavily.
Seth looked over his shoulder, his eyes twinkling in amusement.
“Am I too fast for you, Jazell?” “No way,” I huffed.
“I just need to catch my breath.” I stood up and looked around.
The hill was pretty high and I could see better.
The land was hill after hill, tree after tree.
It didn’t seem to end.
“Hey, I’m king of the hill,” Seth joked and reached for the sky.
I walked over and pushed him gently.
He fell backward on his butt and I laughed.
“More like goof of the hill.” He stuck his tongue out.
“You’re just jealous.” “Of what?” I asked.
“What do you have that would make me jealous.” “Uh…” he stumbled.
“I don’t know, that’s what you usually say in this type of situation.” I laughed.
“Then what happens?” “I don’t know.” Seth whipped out his leg and tripped me.
I landed with an oof, and got dead grass all over me.
He chuckled as I gave him a deadly glare.
“Oh!” He said.
“You’re jealous because I’m not covered in grass.” “Not yet,” I said, my voice dripping with sarcasm.
I lunged at him and he rolled to the side.
I kicked dirt at his face and he spit it out.
I kicked at his legs but he moved, and I kicked his arm instead.
The whole time we were laughing like two crazy six year olds.
Who knew that you could have fun in a place like this?
Life is full of happy surprises.
*** Emily was seriously freaking out.
Jason and her had run the whole length of the plain and found a giant hole in the ground on the way.
Yes, a giant hole.
It sounded crazy to Emily but her eyes didn’t lie.
And what made it worse was Jason found one of Jazell’s arrows sticking out of the ground.
But there was no Jazell.
An arrow without its shooter was never a good sign.
Emily twirled the arrow in her fingers while Jason paced back and forth.
Emily had offered to be the one who paced but Jason had waved away her offer and started pacing.
So all Emily could do was sit there and twirl the arrow in fear because right now it wasn’t looking good for Jazell and Seth.
“What I don’t get,” Jason said, “is how the arrow managed to stay in perfect shape when the ground collapsed.
The arrow should be broken and not sticking out of the ground a few feet away.” “Maybe she shot it after,” Emily suggested, because that meant that she was alive.
Jason rubbed his eyes.
“I guess that’s a possibility.
Jazell and Seth were always too stubborn to die anyway.” He stopped pacing.
“But why would she shoot it up here?” “Maybe she wanted to show us that she was alive,” Emily said.
“A sign,” Jason muttered and snapped his fingers.
“That’s it!
Jazell likes to leave clues, check the arrow.” Emily turned the arrow and saw a sloppy line drawn through two squiggly circles.
She squinted closer and saw that Jazell had tried to make the line some sort of sword but epically failed.
Emily showed Jason and he nodded.
“That’s what I thought.
Now we have to figure out what it means.” Emily walked up to the edge of the hole and looked down.
“I have a feeling that we have to go down there.” Jason sighed.
“I guess we’re jumping down.” “Why would we do that?” “Because,” he said and sat on the side, “we don’t have a rope.” Then he jumped.
*** Life is good when you don’t have to worry about anything and everything is calm and peaceful.
Well that’s not my life.
My life isn’t peaceful by any standards.
It involves lots of smart remarks and bad decisions involving life or death.
It also involves a bad choice of a place where you roll around pretending like your life could be normal for a second.
Yeah… Seth sat up quickly and looked around.
He must have heard it too.
The ground rumbled in the distance and I didn’t know if it was an earthquake or a stampede of elephants.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
Seth crawled back to the edge and I joined him.
We peered over and I spotted a bunch of monsters stomping their way across the hills.
Seriously, do these guys know how to walk?
“Great,” Seth hissed under his breath.
“Company for us.” “Whoo…” I mumbled.
He rolled his eyes and shifted his gaze back to the monsters.
“Where are they going?” “Uh, we follow them,” I said.
“I think.” “Yup, we just follow a bunch of monsters that would like to smash us to pulp and serve us for dinner,” Seth said and started to slide down the side of the hill.
“Brilliant idea.” I followed him down, feeling the grass and dirt scrape the bottom of my leg.
My pants started to scrunch up causing this slide to be very annoying.
I decided to ignore it because I had my bow in my hands and had more important things to worry about.
We crouched behind a rock and watched the group walk off.
Seth started to stand up and signaled me to wait for him.
He jumped over and ran out into the open.
He leaned forward and narrowed his eyes, probably trying to see the disappearing bunch.
He held his hand out, signaling me to wait.
Then he beckoned me and I stood up.
Then someone tapped me on the shoulder.
I bit back a scream and whipped out my knife.
But I dropped it in surprise as I spotted Emily standing over me, rocking back and forth on her heels.
I squealed and hugged her tight.
Jason was limping over with a grim expression on his face.
“What I don’t get a hug too?” he asked.
“I jumped down a deep hole for you.” “Uh…” I said, feeling awkward.
Seth walked over and patted Jason on his back.
“Tell you what, when we defeat Kojas, I’ll give you a hug.” “Uh, fine dude,” Jason said and whispered in Seth’s ear.
Seth’s eyes widened and he smacked Jason on the head.
“Dude, you’re crazy,” he said as Jason rubbed and smoothed his hair back down.
I shook my head and said, “Anyway, Emily how come you two didn’t destroy each other?” “Hey you’re right,” she replied and her brow furrowed.
“I really don’t know.” “Jazell, we better move or we’ll lose them,” Seth reminded me and started to walk up the hill.
Emily raised an eyebrow.
“Loose who?” “We’ll explain later!” I said and ran after Seth.
“Right now we have to move!” We dashed up the hill in the direction the monsters were going.
When we reached the top, Seth stopped and stared down.
Emily and Jason looked confused but joined us.
We looked down at the ground and I gasped as I saw all the monsters gather around in a semi-circle, waiting.
“What are they waiting for?” Emily asked in a hushed voice.
Seth squinted down.
“I don’t want to know.” “Do you think it could…?” I asked.
“Let’s hope not,” Seth interrupted me.
Oh course; being ourselves, we don’t have any luck at all.
The sky darkened even more, not that I thought that was possible.
The mist swirled and a cold chill that ran shivers down my spine ascended on us.
And out of the mist stepped a dark figure.
Kojas.
Again.
This time for real.
Not in a dream/vision.
My heart stopped and my blood froze.
Kojas’ red eyes gleamed in the darkness and his cloak snapped at the wind.
He looked up and his red eyes stared at me.
Me of all people in this horrible world.
He smiled in triumph.
Seth stared stone faced at Kojas as he slowly walked towards us.
With every step, Seth’s hand inched closer to his sword.
Emily cracked her knuckles quietly and held them stiff at her sides.
Her face was determined, but I saw her eyes flicker.
Jason flicked out his knives and held them so tightly that his knuckles were white.
If he gripped any harder, I was afraid he would snap his fingers off.
And, me?
I pulled an arrow out faster than you could say oh-my-god-there’s-a-hideous-monster-coming-to-whip-our-butts.
And then I launched it.
The arrow shot at Kojas, speeding through the air.
But what did Kojas do?
He whipped out his sword and slashed the arrow in half right before it hit him.
The pieces fell on the ground.
Holy tamale.
I stared at the cracked pieces of my arrow and my flare of determination went out with a poof.
Great, now what do I do?
That was a fail, I scolded myself.
A FAIL!
“Nice try,” Seth whispered and I think he really meant it.
Or maybe he was teasing me.
It’s hard to tell in these situations.
Seth brandished his sword.
“My turn.” “Really, warrior?” Kojas said and laughed.
His laugh was like a bunch of spiders running down my back.
“You think your sword will do any more than the pathetic archer girl’s arrow?” “Hey,” I shouted, “I’m not a pathetic archer girl!” Oh course, the two ignored me.
I swear the air sizzled with the tension between Kojas and Seth.
Seth stood ridged and I was pretty sure that it was taking all of his will power not to jump at Kojas, sword flying.
“I believe it will,” Seth said through gritted teeth.
Kojas laughed again but I don’t think any of us saw what was so funny.
Emily leaned towards me.
“I think you were right, when you said that I wouldn’t want to meet Kojas.” “Uh-huh,” I said but didn’t really pay attention.
“I would like to see you try with that sword of yours,” Kojas said and smiled wickedly at Seth.
I knew he was baiting him.
Seth narrowed his eyes.
“You can’t trick me into fighting you, Kojas.” “Yeah, we’re not stupid,” I said and stepped next to Seth with my hands on my hips.
“I mean, if you’re so smart, than why is your name so stupid.” I giggled.
“Kojas sounds like toe jazz, whatever that is.” I heard Emily laugh and Jason say, “Burn!” Kojas’ eyes flamed but he formed a tight smile.
“Let me inform you, Jazell, that you are outnumbered five to one?” Man, this guy is good.
“Um, well we…are cooler than you,” I stumbled.
“Really Jazell?” Emily hissed from behind me.
I turned my head to her.
“Well, you come up with something to top that and we’ll see how well you do.” “Nah, I’m good,” she said quickly.
Kojas laughed again.
Seriously, was this faery guy crazy or something?
“You are mistaken,” he said.
“I am cooler than you because I hold all the cards.” Then he turned to the army and yelled, “Attack!”
Chapter 12
The monsters surged up the hill, blocking out Kojas’ delirious laughter.
Seth shouted, “Stay together, don’t get separated!” A troll charged at me and I jumped to the side.
I looked up and saw that Emily, Jason, and Seth had been swallowed by the rushing creatures.
So much for that plan.
“Emily!” I yelled but my voice was drowned out.
I saw a flash of fire off to the side.
Emily was fine.
I twisted around so that the troll charged past me.
I turned and plunged my knife into its back before it could respond and it fell to the ground.
I felt pain flare in my right foot and looked down to see a frost beast with its teeth in my leg.
When I tried to pull away, in bit down harder.
“Ow,” I yelped.
“Ow,ow,ow, get the heck off me!” I slashed downward and the frost beast let go of my leg.
It zipped between my legs and launched itself at my left leg.
I stepped to the side and slammed my foot on the beast’s back.
It yipped and went still.
I raced through the crowds, jumping and ducking.
I looked over my shoulder and up the hill, wishing I could escape all the bodies that were pressed together in combat.
Then I rammed into one.
“What the heck?” I fell on my butt and blinked as Jason picked himself off the ground.
“Sorry,” I said and stood up.
“Watch where you’re going… Jazell, look out!” Jason suddenly yelled.
I dove onto the ground and felt the monster brush past me.
I looked up to see Jason rolling on the ground before jumping on the faery jerk’s back.
He yelled at Jason right before I saw the knife disappear somewhere in his neck.
The faery’s yells turned to screams and then nothing.
He fell to the ground and Jason brushed himself off.
“You okay, Jazell?” he asked me and held out a hand.
I took his hand and he pulled me up.
“Yup, I’m just peachy.” “At least you can use sarcasm in a time like this,” he said and started to fight his way through the crowd.
I followed him quickly.
I had no desire to become separated again.
“When can’t you use sarcasm?” I asked loudly.
He didn’t reply to me because he had spotted Emily.
She was slowly backing up with her palms out.
Fire danced from her fingertips and twisted towards the troll and frost beast.
The beast breathed and ice sprayed from its mouth.
Emily moved her hand over and the ice evaporated into mist.
She was holding up fine but I didn’t know how much longer.
I strung my bow and released an arrow.
It pierced the frost beast’s pelt and it fell to the ground.
Emily turned to me with huge, confused eyes.
She mouthed the words, thank you.
I nodded in response.
Jason threw his knife at the troll and it landed in its leg.
The troll collapsed on the ground and Emily raised her hands in the air.
The ground rumbled and the troll disappeared in the dirt.
I ran over to her and hugged her.
“Thank goodness we found you.” I looked at her pale face and frowned.
“Are you okay?” She nodded vigorously.
“Yes, it’s just hard work to use my magic.
I need a lot of concentration.” We all ducked behind a half-dead tree to escape from the swarms of monsters.
We were breathing heavily.
I leaned my head against the tree’s cold bark, wanting to disappear from it all.
“Where’s Seth?” Emily asked.
I raised my head.
“We haven’t found him yet.” Her eyes widened.
“What do you mean, you haven’t found him yet?” “I crashed into Jazell, who was doing, like, forty,” Jason pointed to me.
“Then we both found you fighting beasts with your fiery fingertips of death.” She raised an eyebrow.
“Fiery fingertips of death?” “Hey,” he shrugged, “Jazell’s sarcasm is contagious.” “Anyway, we better find Seth before he gets into some serious trouble,” I said, and walked off.
I went farther down the hill and the fighting spread out more.
I tripped on a dead root and cursed as I stood back up.
The slope started to even out more and the trees popped up again.
Be careful.
I stopped.
The voice had come out of nowhere.
The time is near.
The voice whispered as faintly as the breeze.
What, I thought, was that?
You must stop it.
I gritted my teeth in annoyance.
I’m sick and tired of your riddles, whoever you are.
Just give me a straight answer or I can’t do anything.
It all comes down to this.
What is coming?
I cried out in frustration.
It didn’t reply to me again, so I continued to walk down the hill.
What did I have to stop?
What was so important?
Why wasn’t I allowed a straight answer in this stupid world?
I heard a faint clang ahead.
I walked faster and with ever step the noise got louder.
When the ground became completely flat, I stopped at the scene in front of me.
Seth spun around, bringing his sword up to block Kojas’ swords.
Kojas pulled his swords back and slashed through the air.
Seth ducked and stabbed at his opponents’ middle.
Kojas brought his sword down and swiped Seth’s.
It twisted out of Seth’s grip and fell to the ground.
I wanted to scream, but I couldn’t.
I was frozen in fear.
Seth dashed to his sword, hand out stretched.
Then Kojas raised a hand and something dark shot out of it.
It slammed into Seth’s side and he fell to the ground.
NO!
I wanted to scream.
NO, Seth!
I saw Seth squirm as Kojas walked towards him.
I heard him chuckle.
“Seth,” Kojas said.
“Seth, oh when will you learn?” Seth groaned and grabbed at his sword, but Kojas kicked it away.
Then he slashed his sword across Seth’s face.
I saw the thin blue line well up on his cheek.
Kojas laughed.
“You can’t beat me; you can never be safe.” Seth pushed himself up and dove for his sword, which was off to the side.
Kojas flicked his sword down and I saw Seth flinch.
He looked at his arm in amazement where a deep cut had sliced through his clothes.
He pressed his fingers on his arm to stop the blood and continued to scoot towards the sword.
Kojas stepped to the side and blocked his path.
Seth gazed up at him and I saw his eyes blaze in hate.
“What do you want?” he snarled.
“Seth, I think you know what I want.” “Never!” The faery chuckled and I saw his greasy hair bounce up and down.
“You seriously think that I assumed you would walk away with me?
Oh, I had no intention of it being this simple.” I knew what he meant, and I yanked my bow off.
I pulled my arrow out and notched it, aiming it at Kojas’ back.
“Jazell, wait!” I didn’t turn around as Emily and Jason skidded to a halt behind me.
I didn’t drop my bow either.
“Wait Jazell,” she panted.
I tightened my grip.
“Why?
He’s going to try to take Seth.
We have to stop him.” Then I released my arrow.
It’s an understatement to say all hell broke loose.
In my opinion, it was way crazier than that.
Kojas sidestepped my arrow and it disappeared somewhere in the trees.
Emily raised her hands and roots twisted upward, trying to encase Kojas but he kept slashing them away.
Jason attempted to distract him by running around throwing knives at him but I think Jason was too busy ducking the black stuff that shot out of Kojas’ hands.
I ran right past all of them and towards Seth.
I knelt down and smacked him across his good cheek.
“Ow, what was that for?” he grunted.
“I don’t have enough bruises for your liking?” “That’s for being a jerk and not telling us you were going to fight Kojas on your own,” I said angrily.
“Hey in my defense, he found me first.” I opened my mouth to say something smart, but I hear Emily scream.
I turned around to see Jason crash into a tree and not move.
Seth jumped up and grabbed his sword from the ground.
He ran for Kojas.
Kojas turned around and looked like a kid on Christmas morning.
He raised his sword to block Seth’s blow.
Seth pulled back and parried Kojas’ swing.
“Emily, is he okay?” I yelled.
She looked up and nodded to me.
I turned back around to see Kojas slash Seth across the stomach.
That’s when I screamed.
Seth fell to his knees, holding his midsection.
His sword fell out of his grip and to the ground.
Kojas grinned in triumph and kicked Seth to the ground.
I screamed again, when he didn’t move.
“At last,” Kojas breathed.
“Monster!” I cried.
“You’re a monster!” He didn’t answer me.
I looked up the hill to see a bunch of faery jerks running down the hill towards us.
Emily stood in front of Jason and raised her hands.
I notched an arrow and aimed.
Dust kicked up everywhere as I aimed blindly.
I heard one of them shout out in pain.
I shot another and another, anger burning through me.
Stop him.
I turned around and saw Seth’s body through the dust.
He looked up at me and mouthed, Jazell.
“Seth!” I yelled.
Then the dust and darkness swallowed him up until I couldn’t see him at all.
Epilogue
I padded silently through the long, dark halls.
Emily and Jason walked wordlessly by my side.
No one spoke because there was nothing to say, and so much to say, at the same time.
It had been almost a day since Seth disappeared.
A day since Kojas took him.
I had told him, when he had first said that Kojas wanted to use him that he didn’t have to worry.
I should have known that Kojas would do anything to get him, and now Seth was gone.
After he had been taken and Jason had awakened, the faery jerks had scattered.
Then a light pixie had showed up, the same one who had saved my life a while ago, and led us all the way to her majesty’s place.
She was apparently the queen but she was nothing like a stuck up royal leader.
She was more like a warrior who lead Igneeria in the ‘good times.’ She was really nice but when we had met her, I was in an awful mood.
No one blamed me; I had just watched one of my best friends get beat up and taken right before my eyes.
Her Majesty said to return in the morning when I would hopefully be in a better mood.
So Jason, Emily and I walked to her throne room.
Emily pushed open the door and Queen Crystalla turned to us.
She wasn’t someone who you’d expect to be named Crystalla.
She was more of the tough type.
“Jazell, Emily and Jason!” Crystalla beamed.
“I’m so happy you can finally join us!” Crystalla was dressed in a hunting jacket with a dark blue top underneath.
She had dark green pants with simple brown boots.
A gleaming sword was slung on her back.
My heart ached because she somewhat resembled Seth.
Man, I missed his stubbornness.
“Yup we’re happy too,” Emily said with a sigh.
“So, um, what did you need?” I asked.
She nodded.
“Right, you must meet your destiny.
It’s a shame the other one couldn’t be here right now.” She looked upset but she wiped it away with a small smile.
“Follow me, please.” We followed without any words.
We went outside and past some light pixies that were milling around the very small garden.
One waved to me and I raised my hand in greeting.
Crystalla walked into a small, dark building and I followed.
It opened into a room with a high, glass ceiling.
Ahead of us were four doors, each with a symbol I couldn’t see from here.
Crystalla stopped and faced us.
“Find the door with your symbol on it.” “Uh,” Jason raised his hand sheepishly, “how do we know which symbol is ours?” She smiled.
“You will know.” She motioned for us to move up to the doors.
I walked slowly and leaned forward to see the symbol.
Amazingly, I walked right up to the one with an arrow on it.
I looked to the left and saw a door with a sword on it.
I sighed and pushed open my door.
The small room also had glass ceilings but they were dimmer.
The room was dark and cold, with dust in the air.
“I was wondering when you would get here,” a familiar voice said.
I jumped and looked into one of the corners.
The girl from my dreams walked out, shimmering.
She smiled and I then noticed the bow hanging on her back with a quiver of arrows.
“You know how you asked for my name before?
I can tell you now,” she said.
“Actually, I can tell you a lot.” “Great, I’m all ears.” She laughed.
“My name is June and like you, I was once a full human.” “You’re a half-ling?” I asked in amazement.
“I was a half-ling.,” June corrected me.
“I’m dead now.
But I can still speak to you because you have to complete the job I did before with my friends.” “Wow, back up a second,” I said quickly.
“You’re dead?” She tapped her foot impatiently.
“Do you know how long ago I defeated Kojas?
It must have been over one hundred years ago.” “Wow, that was a long time ago,” I said.
“You defeated Kojas?” June sighed in frustration.
“Did you pay any attention to anything?
Mackenzie, David, Mark and I beat Kojas the first time he appeared.
It wasn’t easy; let me tell you that right now.” “How did you die?” “Mark died of a wound after we beat Kojas.
He was too weak to live.
David and I died in an ambush of what was left of Kojas’ army.
Mackenzie died from a fatal fall, I don’t remember how.” “Oh,” I said and rubbed my neck.
“I don’t want to be rude, but do you need to tell me anything else?
I have to try to come up with a few explanations for back home.” A lot of explanations.
June walked towards me until she was standing right in front.
I could almost see through her body, which was really starting to freak me out.
“You have to get back Seth,” she whispered.
“I know David was supposed to see him right now and I know he’s disappointed.
You can’t beat Kojas without the four of you.
You can’t unleash the Night’s Circle without all of you.
And without the Night’s Circle, you cannot destroy Kojas forever.” I started to shake with the intensity of it all.
“If the Night’s Circle destroys Kojas forever, why is he still here?” June backed up a bit.
“We think that our Night’s Circle wasn’t strong enough because Mark was seriously injured.
But no problem, you guys have to destroy him now.” She must have seen me shaking because she added, “No pressure.” “No pressure?” I practically squeaked.
“You just put the fate of both worlds on my shoulders.” “No,” she said, “I put the fate of both worlds on all four of your shoulders.” “Alright, is that all?” I asked, eager to leave.
June nodded and I turned to open the door.
I was just about to turn the handle when she said, “Jazell, don’t be scared to bring out your emotions.
They make you stronger.” I looked over my shoulder to see June standing stiffly.
“Thanks,” I whispered.
“Thanks June.” “Good luck, Jazell.” I opened the door and saw that Emily and Jason were also coming out of their rooms.
Emily looked a little shaken but she gave me a thumbs-up.
Good luck, June’s voice whispered one more time.
Yeah, I was going to need it.
Big time.
Seth, I’m coming, I thought, and I meant it.
Hold on.
Then I walked out to face my destiny.
Don’t Miss Book Two in the Fall of Igneeria Series!
Fall of Igneeria: The Night’s Circle

﻿ READING BROTHER LAWRENCE
a trip to the Kingdom of Heaven
by Ken Kuhlken
Published by Hickey's Books at Smashwords www.hickeybooks.com, hickeybooks@juno.com
Copyright Ken Kuhlken, 2011
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person.
If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This true story is especially for Cliff and Billy Torrey and Bob Williams, and for Toni Torrey, Steve Havens, Lucas and Carol Field, Ron Maxted, Barbara Williams, Maggie Askew, Pam Greenman, Kenny Jr. and Jennifer Niedermeyer, Lane Campbell, my cousins Stevie, Kris, Wendy, Jill, Ed, Tim, Patti and Susan, my beloved kids, Darcy, Cody, Zoe, Darren, and Nick, and Laura Munger, Pam Fox, and Karen Flagstad, wherever you are.
READING BROTHER LAWRENCE
Words
A single word can change our lives.
Some years ago, I began to think hard about the word "love" as in "God is love" and in a challenge Sylvia Curtis made.
Sylvia was an invalid, and rather crazy, given to dark moods and paranoid notions.
She was the mother of my best friend Eric.
I had come to help with chores and listen to her rant about whatever injustices she had recently suffered.
Her apartment was dingy and cluttered, mostly with books.
Eric’s high school senior-class picture, blown up to poster size and framed, hung facing the entry door.
As I entered, Sylvia's fierce green eyes taunted me.
She demanded, “What’s the purpose of life?” “Give me a minute,” I said.
“To know love and serve God,” she declared, with a hiss on "serve."
Later she would tell me she got that answer from a priest in an orphanage where, as a teenager terrified of her own sister, she had gone to seek refuge.
Sylvia’s challenge sent me to 1 John 4:8.
"Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love."
I needed to know more about love.
I was single after seventeen years married.
My two kids, both in their teens, were awfully troubled.
And God seemed too far away.
I decided to read all I could find on the subject of love.
I read C.S.
Lewis, Erich Fromm, Thomas Merton, and a dozen or so other books I came across or got led to, even the Kama Sutra.
Then, supposing I knew as much about love as I ever would, I turned to reading mystery novels, since writing them had become my occupation.
The Truth
I mean to be hard on myself and dedicate these pages to honesty, even if it gets brutal.
My beloved grandmother, Mary Garfield, often assured me that a liar was the worst of all people.
No doubt she recognized how liars teach us not to trust.
I believe it was Sylvia Curtis, when Eric and I talked to her about Salinger's Catcher in the Rye, who convinced me that Holden Caulfield was right to pour most of his wrath on phonies.
When Olga Savitsky and I considered founding a church, we agreed that above the entrance would hang a sign, “No bullshit allowed.” After all, God is a matter of life and death.
In Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, Robert Pirsig argues that being stuck is the best place for a mechanic (or a problem solver of any sort) to find himself.
When we’re stuck, we come to the problem free from any preconceptions.
I mean to test his argument, because I’m stuck on the word “adore.” Here’s how it happened: in the midst of a period of personal, family, and professional turmoil, I picked up The Practice of the Presence of God, by Brother Lawrence, and discovered that simply reading about this fellow from long ago delivers some peace.
Not perfect peace, but closer than before.
Close enough so that friends find my apparent serenity in the midst of turmoil worth remarking about.
Brother Lawrence was a layman who lived and worked, mostly in the kitchen, at a monastery in sixteenth century France.
I thank God for the book by and about him.
Still, it leaves me with nagging questions and a suspicion that I may have missed the point.
In letters of encouragement and through the example of his life as described by admirers, Brother Lawrence proposed that the most blessed existence was to live in the awareness that God is always in our presence, and to act accordingly.
Don't ignore him.
Talk, listen, and worship him.
Brother Lawrence’s attitude troubles me, because he persistently challenges his readers to follow his example, to live in, and for, daily, hourly, continuous communion with God.
And I don't.
The book’s message could be viewed as a commentary on Paul’s admonition, in Thessalonians 5:17, to “pray without ceasing”.
Brother Lawrence attempts to show that ceaseless prayer looks and feels like constant communion and conversation with a person such as a mentor, who is always at our side, and whom we adore.
Where I'm stuck is: the Brother explains that his desire to live in faithful, relentless companionship with God began with adoration.
I wish I knew French and could read the original.
But it has taken me decades to gain a meager command of Spanish.
So I resort to an English dictionary, look up "adore" and all I find are synonyms: worship; revere, venerate; and one somewhat helpful description: deep, rapturous love.
That one rings truest.
According to my vocabulary, if we adore something, we are drawn to it and resist separation.
Its presence comforts, inspires, provides us with hope and meaning.
The thought of losing it may terrify or leave us in despair.
I feel all that about my kids.
I have felt somewhat the same about a few others, at least for a time.
But I would be lying if I claimed to feel all that about God.
My problem invites the question: how can I adore God when I don’t quite know what to make of him?
I hear and read that he’s a person, and a spirit, who resides everywhere, outside and in us.
I understand that if my imagination is too small to fathom God as a whole, which of course it is, I can grasp who God is by observing the qualities, nature, and actions of Christ.
But though I have read, listened, prayed, and pondered about Jesus for dozens of years, in all honesty, given my definition, I can't claim to adore him either.
Maybe if he were a woman, I could at least come closer to adoration, as I find women easier to adore.
Not just for the pretty faces or figures, but for their gentler natures.
Aside from my father and son, I can’t think of a man I have adored except Eric Curtis.
Love?
The heart of the Shema, Deuteronomy 6:5, commands Israel to: “Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.” Jesus agrees, in Matthew 22: "’Teacher,’ a disciple asks,  ‘which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ Jesus replies: 'Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.
This is the first and greatest commandment.’” The word "love" has dozens of meanings, and the one that rings truest to me involves action and will rather than feeling.
In M. Scott Peck’s definition, "Love is the willingness to sacrifice for the sake of someone else's spiritual growth."
Since God hardly needs spiritual growth, let’s define loving God as the willingness to sacrifice when God calls us to.
And at the very least, he calls us to obey his commandments.
Meaning we face yet another problem.
In churches that preach seeking relationship rather than religion, we're told that lacking a relationship with God, we’ll have at best a heck of a time trying to obey.
And I have seen no reason to doubt that assessment.
But if the call to relationship implies we should adore, I confess that truth has escaped me until now.
I mean, we all know it's possible to have a relationship with someone we don't adore.
But to have a relationship with Jesus and fail to adore him seems all wrong.
Evil, maybe.
After all, I adored Eric Curtis.
A Trip
I drive a lot, across the desert to visit my kids and grandson in Tucson, and all over the West and sometimes farther on vacations and book promotion tours.
One reason I drive rather than fly is, I come closest to adoring God while on the road.
Between cities, I plug in my I-pod.
What goes in comes out.
If I listen to a love song, these days I’ll probably wish for a loving companion.
If I turn on a radio talk show, I usually want to argue.
Those pastimes aren’t good for me.
So, on long trips in my old Toyota I listen to hymns, gospel music and such.
As I set off on this trip, half book promotion tour and half vacation, I’m wrestling with Brother Lawrence and the question, why don’t I adore God?
I plan to drive up the West Coast, San Diego to Seattle, and stop over with Cliff Torrey in Atascadero and Bob Williams in Portland.
Lots of years ago, I attended a Billy Graham crusade with these two friends.
I listened, got moved, and turned to Christ.
Cliff made a profession but, as far as I know, never followed up.
Bob declined the invitation.
What sent us to the crusade began with Eric Curtis.
As I pass the beach camp at San Onofre where Eric and I spent a couple of my happiest weeks, I silence my I-pod and remember.
Superman
I was fifteen when, on Christmas night, I lost my dad to a heart attack.
He left my mom and me alone in our house on a hill a few miles north of Mexico and near enough to the Pacific so that when Santa Ana winds blew the gunk away, we could see ocean and islands.
My mom was a rock.
Over the past few years, before losing my dad, she had helped bury her father, a sister, and two brothers.
She was the one who always fed me, nursed me, brought home a monthly check, and covered the debts my dad’s failed business ventures had accumulated.
But soon after that dreadful Christmas, she got stricken by headaches and became a hermit.
Evenings she would withdraw to her room and lie with a cool cloth on her forehead, listening to the Lakers, the Padres, or Dodgers, or to whomever the playoffs featured.
Even through the World Series, she hardly watched an inning on television.
She preferred the dark and her radio.
That year, the Yankees won in five games.
The following week my mom stayed home from her job, teaching eighth-grade English.
Her headache was so wicked, she grimaced and groaned.
I tried to coax her to the doctor.
She said he had already given her pain pills, which was all he could do.
Then I came home from school and found her lying in a heap beside her bed.
Breathing in shallow puffs, eyes open and watery.
Above the right eye was a long gash, already scabbed over.
I suspected a prowler had clubbed her and swiped her few items of jewelry.
But she managed a goofy smile and mumbled that she must’ve fallen, and getting up had seemed too hard to bother with.
An ambulance carted her away.
At the hospital, a nurse tapped her spine.
The lab found meningitis.
The only doctor who would talk to me gave her lousy odds.
When she rallied, they took her to an isolation ward, to sequester her for months.
At sixteen, some law or regulation wouldn’t allow me to live without an adult in the home.
So I told the school I was staying with my aunt and uncle and told my aunt I was staying with Eric and Sylvia.
In truth, Eric moved in with me.
On school days when the ocean beckoned, I might stop by the hospital at visiting hours, wash up and don a smock, spend a few minutes with my mom, and get her to sign absence slips.
Eric didn’t need absence slips.
If he returned to school after an absence and told the attendance clerk he’d been out with the one-day variety of bubonic plague, she would have excused him rather than phone his mother to verify.
When anyone from the school called Sylvia, she might hold the person on the phone for an hour, ranting about their misdeeds.
I have two pictures of Eric.
His senior picture, given a full page in our senior-year annual, a head shot of keen blue eyes with thick lashes, freckles, and sandy hair, a chin square as Dick Tracy’s, an easy grin that would have wrongly convinced you he was loaded with confidence.
And the one Sylvia called the “Jesus body picture” a snapshot somebody took in the locker room.
Eric in a jock strap, beaming, his legs and arms spread as though to greet a familiar angel.
Eric was superman.
Strong, handsome, understanding, considerate, creative, vital, and brilliant.
It was Eric who brought home Bertrand Russell’s Why I Am Not a Christian.
My preferred reading was stories, but Eric wanted to commune with great thinkers and then talk about them, to explore ideas together, in hopes we might discover the meaning of life.
As winter approached, we sat by the fireplace and took turns reading out loud.
We admired Russell’s smug attitude, the gall of a fellow who accused Christ of utter arrogance for counting people vipers simply because they disapproved of his preaching.
We delighted in Russell's arguments that Christianity was the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
Dismiss Christ, trust ourselves, we would discover the solution.
Simple.
After a couple of Russell’s books, Eric brought home Thus Spoke Zarathustra, by Friedrich Nietzsche, a strangely enchanting poet.
Zarathustra claimed that some of us could become supermen.
First, our spirits would need to brave the desert like camels, forsaking our past, our heritage, all the values of common people.
Once we had finished forsaking, we would metamorphose into lions and proceed to slay the dragon called "Thou Shalt".
After burying the dragon, the lion would die and resurrect as a child, the infant superman, innocent and forgiving, a new beginning, a sacred Yes.
Then, we could discover and assert our own wills, and use those wills to conquer and change the world.
On a Sunday morning in January, a few days before my mom’s release from the hospital, a gang of us high school boys sat naked atop a giant flat boulder in a desert oasis called Palm Canyon, a few miles out of Borrego Springs and a two-mile trek past the end of a dirt road.
We were a savage crew, six sunburnt white boys, all but one of us bald since we had shaved our heads in protest against a track coach who ordered Bill Torrey, Cliff’s younger brother, to get his shaggy hair mowed.
We had been seven until Tom, whose last name I will keep to myself, disappeared on Friday night.
Steve Havens had invited him along, because Tom was a lonely fellow and Steve was a churchgoing boy with an inclination toward good deeds.
A half-hour into the trip we all, even Steve, regretted bringing Tom.
All the way over the mountains, he had criticized us, for opening a window, calling for a pit stop, and choosing the wrong direction at a crossroads.
In the desert he turned into a pyromaniac, pelted us with fiery sticks and blew one of our sleeping bags to shreds with cherry bombs.
At last, a few of us chased him off into the night.
In the morning, we couldn’t find the long crowbar we had brought for loosing boulders so we could roll them and watch them crash down the hillsides.
We supposed Tom had stolen the crowbar and sold it to another camper then bummed a ride home.
That Sunday morning, on the biggest and flattest of all the canyon’s boulders, Eric stood as though at a pulpit, arms outstretched as in the “Jesus body picture” while he consulted our copy of Zarathustra and recited, “’Man is something that shall be overcome.
You have made your way from worm to man, and much in you is still worm.
Once you were apes, and even now man is more ape than any ape.
Whoever is the wisest among you is also a mere conflict and cross between plant and ghost.
But do I bid you become ghosts or plants?
Behold, I teach you the overman, the superman!
The superman is the meaning of the earth.
Let your will say: the superman shall be the meaning of the earth!
I beseech you, my brothers, remain faithful to the earth, and do not believe those who speak to you of otherworldly hopes!
Poison-mixers are they, whether they know it or not.
Despisers of life are they, decaying and poisoned themselves, of whom the earth is weary: so let them go!"
A rumbling commenced.
At first I thought it was a landslide.
A granite stone about three feet across came bounding and crashing toward us, gathering speed as it careened.
We scrambled off the boulder and into the shelter of a grotto beside the trickling stream.
Once we caught our breath, we crawled and peeked out from behind the rocks that formed the grotto’s walls.
On the hillside, Tom stood waving our crowbar, bellowing laughter and prying loose another big stone.
We tugged on our jeans and shoes while he rolled more stores and slung smaller rocks at us.
The way his legs slashed and arms whirled, he looked like some rabid demon.
Four of us split off, two up the canyon, two down.
When we got beyond his range, we climbed, intending to circle above him.
Such a fury possessed us, we might have stoned him to death.
Except Eric and Steve had gone straight up the hillside.
At first they dodged the barrage Tom threw.
Then he stopped raging, held still for a moment, and sank to kneeling on the ledge.
Probably he hadn’t slept in two nights.
Because Eric and Steve had shamed us with their courage and merciful hearts, we let them bring Tom down the hillside to the shade of the grotto.
Later I heard Eric coaching Tom that he should refuse to stuff the pain of his hurt feelings inside, because in there, it had no choice but to fester or explode.
When the hospital released my mom, she could hardly cook, wash dishes, or attempt disciplining me.
Guilt was her only weapon.
“Suppose you’ve been drinking,” she said, “and a kid on a bicycle pulls out in front of you.
If you kill him, how is that going to feel?” Weak as she was, still she refused to sleep until I came home.
If I stayed away all night, even if I called and assured her I was safe at a friend's house, she would lie awake then nap in the daytime, after I returned.
Sylvia Curtis was a large blonde with a pinched mouth and squinty, penetrating eyes.
Even back then, before she reached forty, she wore nothing belted, only shapeless dresses and muumuus.
She charged around the house with steps so tiny you might wonder if her feet had once gotten bound.
A unique mother, or at least the opposite of most, she treated her son with great respect and the rest of us with very little.
She didn’t baby Eric.
Rather, from all I saw, he might’ve been the only human she considered her equal.
But I rarely saw her with people.
Now and then I would find her on the porch with a neighbor, gossiping about a different neighbor, but the only ones who got inside her dark little house were Eric and his friends, and Richard.
He was a jazz pianist about ten years younger than Sylvia, and half a head shorter than either Eric or she.
Just as Sylvia’s bluster made people wrongly suppose she was a drunk, Richard’s stupefied expression made me suspect he was a junkie.
Sylvia had a piano, the only treasure in a living room full of hand-me-down furniture.
When Richard wasn’t plunking on it, weaving garrulous runs around the melodies of old standards, he gawked at TV horror movies.
Eric, Sylvia, and I discussed religion and books.
She attended no church but disdained atheists.
Lord of the Flies she called propaganda by which teachers could argue the superiority of adults.
Catcher in the Rye she applauded because Holden Caulfield appreciated jazz and was nearly as cynical as herself.
She dismissed Nietzsche as a syphilitic blowhard.
While we gabbed, Richard might eye us as though he had something to say.
But the moment would pass, and he would turn back to gawk at the tube until Sylvia ordered him to fetch her cigarettes, or made him stand still while she straightened his tie, or checked to see that he had zipped all the way.
Observing them made us recommit ourselves to becoming supermen.
One Friday night, I arrived just as they were leaving for a jazz club.
Before climbing into Richard’s car, Sylvia commanded me, “If you brought any liquor, Kenneth, go away.” I agreed and waited until they drove off before scooping a pint of bourbon and a bottle of ginger ale out of my Chevrolet’s trunk.
I wanted to get numb.
For about the tenth time, Karen Flagstad had rejected me, even though a few days before I had warned her that if she wouldn’t join me at a movie that weekend, I would fast until death.
From breakfast Monday until late Wednesday afternoon, all I had ingested were three beers and a Coke.
Then I gobbled two jumbo hamburgers and spent the night consuming aspirins, with my head on two pillows because one alone felt hard as pavement.
The next day, after Spanish class on Friday, I recounted my ordeal to Karen and explained that all my suffering certainly must have earned me her company at the movies.
She congenially disagreed.
While Eric and I drank bourbon and ginger ale, I griped about Karen.
At first I acted tough and unruffled, but soon the bourbon took hold, and I confessed the pain in my gut that had nothing to do with fasting.
He asked why I got so obsessed about Karen, knowing I never had pursued anybody else so boldly.
Should anybody except Karen want a date with me, she had better tell her friend to pass the word along.
I wouldn’t even ask any other girl for a dance without having already gotten the nod.
Karen had pink, full lips and plenty of curves, and lively unhaunted eyes.
She read books for fun and spoke softly, humbly, and acted just as nice to the lowly as to teachers or big shots.
Besides, I had lately spent a day and evening, first at school, then at a community dance, and afterward at the Burger Hut, asking people whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.
I asked thirty or forty kids.
Only one said no.
Karen.
Since then, I had spent many hours dreaming that she and I could run off to live in some woodland cottage.
Maybe near a golf course, since the smashing of golf balls had become my best means of fighting the grief over losing my dad.
Eric patted my head, which riled me.
We finished the bourbon, then he offered to show me a wrestling hold he had recently learned.
He was on the wrestling team, second man in the 165-pound class and challenging the first man, who was part orangutan.
I outweighed Eric by 20 pounds, but he was stronger and faster.
No matter in what position we started, at his pleasure and with maddening ease, he flipped me over and pinned me.
Wondering why, after I had spilled my guts, he appeared to revel in my further humiliation, I flew into a rage, sprang to my knees, and socked him in the stomach.
I pounced on top of him and socked him again, before he caught hold and flipped me, lashed my arm behind my back and shoved my face into the floor.
“Listen,” he said, without a hint of condemnation, “you’re not really mad at me.
You’re mad at yourself, because you think you’re nobody, but you’ve got it all wrong.
It doesn’t matter if I wrestle better.
Wrestling’s my sport.
What if you and I were playing golf or baseball and you clobbered one out of sight, but I hit this little dribbler, then started whining?
“If Karen doesn’t like you enough, that doesn’t matter either.
Because you’re as great as anybody.
You’re Ken Kuhlken, and that’s all you need to be.
You don’t need to prove anything.” When he let go, I jumped up, ran into the bathroom, and washed my face.
I stared at my vicious expression in the mirror, amazed and perplexed.
Though I couldn’t yet fathom how the simple fact that I was me, amongst all the billion people on earth, should give even a moment of solace, it did.
Shortly before Easter, my Aunt Woody invited my mom for a Las Vegas weekend.
Eric and I decided to join them.
All night we sped across the desert.
My mom and aunt were dressed for breakfast by the time we arrived, to their surprise and dismay.
They loaned us their room until evening.
Room service delivered bourbon and ginger ale.
Around noon, we adjourned to the pool, on the lookout for showgirls.
At least that was my motive.
The pool featured a high dive like the one at Carmen Ranch Club where Eric worked part-time as an apprentice lifeguard and trampoline instructor.
He climbed, sprang, jackknifed and got a few cheers from spectators, including several showgirls.
Though I had never attempted a high dive before, after some bourbon, the feat looked simple.
Inches from the end of the board was a depression full of water, on which my foot slipped.
I tried to stop, but too late.
The world spun sideways then upside down before I pinched my eyes closed.
When my head nicked the board, the day went black.
I don’t remember falling.
Probably the water revived me.
As Eric helped me out, I got more cheers than he had.
Later he would explain I had made a neat flip while careening into the pool.
He led me inside, wetted a washcloth and dabbed the wound on my forehead until I faded.
I awoke on the outskirts of heaven, gazing across a chasm at the enchanted forest.
The air resonated with music, clean and simple melodies, at once ardent, tender and joyful.
Maybe it was a dream.
Or a premonition.
Or, for all I know, I might have briefly died.
The spell broke and left me sprawled in the Desert Inn.
I lay still a while, sore all over, with a throbbing skull, wishing to go back to heaven.
Then I got up, swallowed a few aspirin, and roused Eric to tell him about my adventure.
“I was on one side of a bottomless gorge, looking across at this forest of evergreens and fruit trees, with all the colors so bright they looked lighted from inside.
The forest was on an endless slope.
There wasn’t any horizon.
And the music, each note contained all kinds of harmonies, all at once.
And the instruments sounded like giant bells, big as mountains, far away.” Eric had sat up.
His eyes bored into mine.
“Were you scared?
What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
You unwind, your heart slows.
Nothing can hurt you now.
That’s how it felt.” “You’re a lucky guy,” Eric said, in a more wistful tone than I had ever heard him use.
Freedom
Driving through Los Angeles, thinking is dangerous.
An instant of distraction can get you killed.
I turn off the I-pod and for some moments attend to driving.
But I can’t give up remembering Eric, and memories I left behind long ago appear.
I recall that I wrote my first complete story at Eric’s house.
We had talked about the future.
He hadn’t picked a career.
I wanted to become a writer.
Eric fetched a pen and paper.
“I’ll go to bed.
You write a story.” Before Sylvia and Richard returned from the jazz club where Richard played, I had finished.
It was only a few pages, about a fellow who wants peace and security, so he builds a special house with no windows.
And he decides not to include a doorway.
Once it’s done, he can’t get out.
In the morning, Eric read it.
No doubt he could have told me the theme wasn’t much different from my dream of going off with Karen to a secluded cabin, or from my quitting the baseball team so I could spend afternoons alone smashing golf balls.
But Eric rarely gave answers to questions we could solve on our own.
In that, he was like God, who perhaps respects us more than we deserve.
In The Brothers Karamazov, Fyodor Dostoyevski gives a story of Jesus coming to earth during the Spanish inquisition.
He only heals a few of the suffering crowd before soldiers arrest and deliver him to the Grand Inquisitor.
That old fellow commences to tell him where he went wrong.
Jesus, says this astute theologian, attempted to give people freedom, when most of them want nothing to do with freedom.
Their cravings are for food and other comforts, for easy answers to questions no matter how complex or perplexing, and for entertainment, to relieve them of the need to think.
Eric, like Jesus, loved people too much to usurp their freedom by giving them what their lesser natures wanted.
The End of the World
During summer before our senior year, Eric worked as lifeguard at Carmen Ranch Club.
The first few weeks, on his days off, we hung out at La Jolla Shores.
While Eric worked, I often helped Cliff and Bill Torrey and their dad rebuild a ’56 Thunderbird.
Sometimes I visited my cousin Jill at her Pacific Beach apartment.
Jill was nineteen.
One Friday evening, she hosted a party.
I drank several beers, then invited somebody who reminded me of Karen Flagstad to join me for a cruise up the coast road to La Jolla.
Her name was Kris.
She would go with me, she said, if not for a babysitting job she had that night.
After she left, I drank more beer.
Then I drove to a Jack in the Box on the coast road and found Kris there, in a Ford, hanging onto my cousin Jill’s boyfriend, Jimmy Dixon.
Jimmy was one tough fellow.
According to rumor, while fighting in the Golden Glove tournament, he had knocked another light-heavyweight into a coma.
An equally tough surfer, Butch Van Artsdalen, rode shotgun.
I strode to their car, jammed my head through rolled-down shotgun side window and stared at Kris.
“You babysitting these guys?” “It didn’t work out,” she said.
Butch grabbed the door handle, but Jimmy told him to be cool, and he motioned me around to his side of the car.
After I staggered there, I lashed him with a string of curses for two-timing my cousin and stealing my girl.
And I gave notice that if Kris didn’t get out and come with me, I was going to pluck them both out of the car and so on.
Jimmy sat rubbing his temples.
Then he rolled up the window, started the car, and droved away.
I slept on Jill’s couch.
In the morning I walked to a donut shop.
It had a service window opening onto the sidewalk.
A trio of boys about my age stood waiting their turn.
But when they saw me, they jumped aside.
That whole summer, I struck terror into many hearts on account of I had backed down two of Pacific Beach’s toughest.
At parties and the beach, girls who got upset and spiteful toward their boyfriends would appear at my side in hopes the boyfriend would object and I would thrash him.
At Carmen Ranch Club, Eric was on the trampoline, probably showing off for his friend Carol, when he soared too high and got distracted by something.
He fell sideways, ricocheted off the rail and landed on asphalt.
Scraped and bruised all over, he went home with Carol, who lived nearby.
Her parents were gone.
Whatever they did that afternoon, Eric wouldn’t say.
But something went wrong, and it sent him into a funk so deep, he gave up the job and asked did I want to go camping up the coast.
We borrowed surfboards, drove to San Onofre, and pitched a tent on the cliffs.
Between our assaults on the surf, I told Eric stories about my exploits in Pacific Beach.
Though he chuckled about my status as top dog, he said, “I hope you know that’s not what being Superman’s about?” “Aw, give me a little credit, will you?” I snapped, annoyed that he had seen through me.
I got more than friendly with Gloria Valenciana, who was down from Los Angeles camping with her family.
Her dad made her turn in early.
When I joined Eric at our campfire, I asked him why he didn’t seem interested in girls.
“Half of my friends are girls,” he said.
“You know what I mean.
Don’t you get horny?” “Yeah,” he said.
“Only, for me, it’s too soon.
I’ve got a bunch more to learn.” The last couple months of that summer, while I smashed golf balls, played baseball in Mexico on Sundays, and visited my cousins in Pacific Beach, Eric ran around with Margaret Beasley, Pam Greenman, and Lane Campbell.
Margaret had been my friend longer than anyone except my cousins.
Since second grade.
All through elementary school, she was always the smartest in class, and kinder than anybody else I knew.
She spent eighth grade in my mom's English and Social Studies class.
Later my mom called her the brightest student she ever taught.
And her pure and soulful singing would land her, only months after high school, on a weekly television show with a folk group, The Good Time Singers.
That summer before our senior year, Margaret's best friend was Pam Greenman, who attended our rival high school.
Lane was someone I probably never would've befriended if not for Eric.
Since we met in seventh grade, I had considered Lane a smart-mouthed little pest while he thought of me as a big, dumb oaf.
In Eric's company, we each learned better.
I have Eric's treasures, which Sylvia gave me.
Along with them came a treasure of hers, a letter from Pam Greenman.
She wrote, "One can't begin to talk about Eric because there is no beginning, just as there is no end.
To say what he was would be impossible since he was so different to so many people.
To me he was something intangible.
You could hear him, feel him, see him, but you could never grasp hold of what there was inside of him that made him Eric.
Free, intricate, searching are all words that lived in him.
"I first met him last summer.
It seems like such a short time but he became so much a part of me there's no telling how many centuries of growing up we both did.
"I took him everyplace.
Not because I was so naive as to let him take advantage of the fact that I had a car, but because when he was around I felt something very penetrating in the air, as though the essence of all life was with me.
"It wasn't just us two.
There were Eric, Margaret, Lane and me.
Oh, what a seedy bunch of bums.
But we were a team, and each one of us, out of loneliness perhaps, found something worth all the riches in the world.
We found love.
We loved each other.
We couldn't explain our feelings to anyone else, but the four of us knew that we loved the four of us.
When we laughed, we all laughed.
We even cried together.
"My own feelings toward Eric seemed to grow deeper within me until one day when I woke up and the sun looked ten times as bright, the sky bluer.
And I knew.
I knew.
No adult, no matter how many years older than me, could tell me I was wrong.
I knew I was very much in love with Eric.
I thought of marriage, and that was when I saw what Eric was.
He was the wind.
You can't tie the wind up and put it in a house and make it love you.
How I wanted to be with him until we were so old and fragile that I would have broken had he put his arm around me.
"Even though I never had that, we had something much finer.
We went to the beach many times and talked until we were too hoarse to say anything.
I brought out things about him I thought I never could.
We would run down the beach, I don't know where to, but we'd run and swim and laugh and laugh until we laughed at nothing at all.
"And then summer ended.
There were so many things left undone.
I felt as though I had cheated him.
I thought that while I was growing up all those days I hadn't given him anything.
But I was wrong.
He told a friend of ours many months ago that I had made him happier than he'd ever been.
"I know how hard it was between you.
Perhaps when two complex people can't live with each other, it's because they need each other so much they hit head on.
"I have been thinking how important it was for Eric to be free.
God didn't make him for this world.
God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.
Someplace where he could run with the wind all day."
Our friend Kenny Neidermeyer's mom was a Spanish teacher who also volunteered with a Tijuana charity.
Since June, four of us had been riding with her to Tijuana every Sunday to play a double-header for a ball team the charity sponsored.
The Liga Municipal, Segunda Fuerza, held its games on a sandlot with a makeshift backstop and a couple of benches along each sideline, one for the players, one for the fans.
Our teammates were mostly the older sons of squatter families whose homes, made of scraps of tin, wood, and cardboard, balanced on narrow ridges along the walls of the Cañon del Sol, which ran down off the mesa to the border.
Eddie Carmichael and Kenny were swift outfielders who would later play college ball.
Bob Simmons would one day pitch for the Minnesota Twins.
I was a good hitter.
We helped the team place first and get invited to the Primera Fuerza for the next round.
Now our games were on Friday nights.
Since Kenny’s mom didn’t care to deliver us for night games, and since we weren’t yet eighteen, she helped us secure border-crossing passes, which we liberally abused.
Tijuana was wild and ugly.
We saw fevered children out in the cold, begging on street-corners after midnight.
I tripped over a dead fellow.
In the bars, we saw girls get used by both men and farm animals.
A few times we rode in taxis to motels where prostitutes greeted us.
We would barter, object to the price, and leave while the coarser of them screeched obscenities.
Some cabbies, after three or four such stops, stoically delivered us back downtown.
Others pulled up beside a gang of thugs.
Then we ran for our lives.
The night Eric joined us, so did big Mike Beatty.
He was about 6’6”, 280 pounds.
We rode with a cabby to three motels.
After the first, Eric said, “This is bad, Ken.
I hate this.” At the second motel, he gave the girl half his money, for nothing.
We were leaving the third place when he asked me, “Why do you do this?” "Excitement?"
I guessed.
Mike was sitting behind the driver’s seat.
While the cabbie waited for an opening into the boulevard traffic, Mike leaned up close and growled, “It’s a good thing you don’t plan to get us roughed up, or else I’d have to pinch your head off.” The cabby muttered something in Spanish and made a face that seemed to say, “Go ahead, what do I care?” At an historic saloon called The Long Bar, Eric told me about all three prostitutes he’d talked to, where they came from, how large their families were, and he remembered most of their entire formal names.
He spoke as if they had met at a box social.
And he kept asking, “What can we do?” As if our mission was to fix all the world’s broken people.
Eric was the fastest middle-distance runner in our school.
Baseball was my best game.
But Eric and I had alienated some coaches.
Me for quitting the baseball and football teams, soon after my dad died, so I could go instead to Singing Hills, a country club where Tommy Rupnik, a golf pro and friend of my dad’s let me play for free.
Most every day, I traipsed through the woods alongside a stream and clobbered golf balls.
Eric had angered coaches for walking away from the wrestling team after he lost a match and Coach Feezer belittled him.
The coaches believed Eric had quit out of wounded pride.
The truth was, disappointing people wracked him with shame.
We wanted to rejoin the teams that year.
But until our sport came into season and we officially made the teams, we got denied privileges afforded to athletes, like assigned gym lockers.
Since Eric still wanted to work out and wouldn’t face the world without a shower afterward, Cliff invited him to share his locker.
Besides running the mile during track season, Cliff was second man on the cross-country team, behind Gary Hafner.
Eric used the locker for a couple weeks before Coach Gory summoned Cliff to his office, sat him down, and asked him to explain why a new sweat suit just issued to Gary Hafner had turned up missing and gotten found in Cliff’s locker.
Cliff maintained that he’d never even seen the sweat suit.
“It looks like Eric stole them,” Coach said.
“Eric doesn’t steal,” Cliff said adamantly.
Still, when Coach Gory dropped Cliff from the cross-country and track teams, he got afflicted with anger and confusion, wondering if Eric might’ve been the thief after all.
For a week or so, he seethed and Eric brooded, ashamed even that Cliff would suspect him.
They passed each other in the halls without a greeting.
It took the end of the world to renew their friendship.
On a Friday night at my house we watched a movie called On the Beach.
It began with a nuclear war.
The human race died from north to south, until all that remained of humanity were some outposts in Australia, where foreign Navy ships had anchored.
One by one the heroes expired, while the band played “Waltzing Matilda.” Cliff asked if we would go running with him on the cross-country course at Balboa Park, near downtown San Diego, where the previous year he had scored his only first-place finish.
He wanted to run there one last time, before the end of the world.
We parked on a mesa overlooking Balboa Stadium, to which Billy Graham would come later that year.
We set off jogging through the dark canyons and oak groves, alongside the zoo where tropical night birds hooted and the gibbons chattered as though outraged.
I huffed and panted while Cliff and Eric bounded as if every stride was downhill, yet for 2.3 miles I managed to keep up and sing along with our chorus of “Waltzing Matilda.” From then on, for us, to be on the beach meant something new.
Besides tumbling through the waves, watching girls who filled us with trepidation and awe, dreaming of far places and freedom, it meant staring at the opaque sheen of eternity.
On the Road
Probably all of us high school seniors worried about the reality that soon we would be on our own, sent out to face a rather scary world.
For a while, that was Eric’s obsession.
The atom bomb threat had recently gotten re-stoked when Khrushchev and Kennedy held a stare-down to decide who could launch nuclear missiles from the western hemisphere and who couldn’t.
At a coffeehouse near the college I would attend, we overheard people talking about Jack Kerouac and the Beat generation, which Kerouac described as all of us who grew up after Hiroshima and consequently understood just how fragile and tentative life was.
The end of the world was a recurrent theme of these writers who got called the Beats.
Any second some madman or tyrant could push the button.
Kapow, our race is a goner.
See that coming and, walloped by dread reality, spooked beyond reach of old customs and authority, our nature cries, “It’s out there somewhere, whatever it is.
Go find it.” Eric and I bought Kerouac’s On the Road, and checked out Dharma Bums and his latest, Big Sur, a memoir in minimal disguise, about a fellow who goes to a cabin in the forest to recover from drunkenness and fame.
Imagine Henry David Thoreau as a neurotic who returns to Walden Pond and finds psychosis awaiting him there.
Still, we concluded that a poet of Kerouac's passion and skill, who could make a hangover feel romantic, would pull out of his tailspin and rise again.
That fall, Eric and I read most every day, then sat in my backyard or on a beach or sea cliff and talked for hours at a spell.
Also, we worked at odd jobs, sold some possessions, and saved most of whatever our moms gave us.
We needed gas money, so we could chase visions of Kerouac and his Beat pals through the places they haunted at the west end of their cross-country odysseys.
Twice that fall, the minute school let out on Friday, we sped north on Highway 101.
From Morro Bay to Santa Cruz, we followed the coast and made camp for the night on a cliff between Hearst Castle and Big Sur.
Saturday, midmorning, we landed in North Beach, San Francisco.
As we passed strip joints whose signage featured females twice as buxom as Lil' Abner's Daisy Mae, doormen beckoned and dared us to enter, though we were four years underage.
We stood gawking at the posters on jazz clubs.
Miles Davis, Gerry Mulligan, Stan Getz, Horace Silver, Coltrane, George Shearing.
Sylvia had taught Eric to revere and me to appreciate those fellows.
We shot pool at Mike’s, where Kerouac had drunk plenty, according to Big Sur.
We slouched in the catacombs of City Lights bookstore reading apocalyptic poems and hoping for a glimpse of the owner, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, the poet who loaned Kerouac his Big Sur cabin.
We roamed alleys and climbed hills no doubt mistaking mathematicians, who commuted daily to San Jose, for poets or novelists.
Everybody who looked at home, we imagined had flopped in the Beat boarding houses Kerouac immortalized, or at least listened to the man speak his words in the Cellar, accompanied by a jazz riffing tenor sax.
We overdosed on espresso.
Then, as we climbed a hill to recover, I recited a jumble of lines I remembered from Ginsberg's Howl: "I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked, dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix, wandered around and around at midnight in the railway yard wondering where to go, and loned it through the streets of Idaho seeking visionary Indian angels, and lounged hungry and lonesome through Houston seeking jazz or sex or soup, a hopeless task, and so took ship and disappeared into the volcanoes of Mexico leaving nothing behind but the shadow of dungarees and the larva and ash of poetry..." And I recited from On the Road about the children crying in Iowa where they let the children cry and where "the evening star must be drooping and spreading her sparkler dims on the prairie, which is just before the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, darkens the all rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final shore in."
We explored every street and alley of North Beach and drifted into Chinatown, where I imagined us meeting two exquisite immigrant girls.
I told Eric these beauties would plead for us to steal them away from the rich devil who had enslaved and brought them from China.
We would conspire to snatch a suitcase full of cash from the rich devil.
Then we would speed off toward the forests of Idaho to live in dissolute passion for a while.
As always when my mind spilled over, Eric stood by me, often wearing a smile that hinted of love.
Back in North Beach after midnight, a couple of Finochio’s transvestite dancers waylaid us.
The four of us loitered under streetlamps listening to their pitch about the glories of San Francisco.
The museums, the opera, the food.
They were perfect gentlemen.
On our way home, strung out on fatigue and more coffee, I babbled about how, guided by Kerouac, we had risen above routine, learned to outrun the sheep and phonies and to create our own destiny.
“We’re well on our way to being Supermen,” I boasted.
I prophesied that as soon as we got released from high school and were no longer branded juveniles, life would turn into a banquet.
Eric mostly sat quiet.
As we sped past the strawberry fields of Santa Maria, he said, “You know what they say about there’s no free lunch?” “Yeah.” “Suppose they’re right.
Then who’s going to pay for the banquet, for all this freedom?”
A Big Change
Though I continued to long for Karen Flagstad, I began to roam.
For some months after meeting Gloria at the San Onofre campground, I frequently drove to South Gate, just south of L.A., a hundred miles each way, to feast on her grandmother’s cooking, get scrutinized by her dad and brothers, take her to drive-in movies and smooch until her midnight curfew, then race home so fast the sleepy cops along Highway 101 failed to notice the blur as I passed.
But Mexican dads like hers expect their girls’ novios to marry or que se vayan a la fregada.
Meaning scram.
And after the second time I chose North Beach over her company, Gloria informed me her former boyfriend had returned on leave from the Marines.
We shouted at each other long-distance and parted.
Eric still didn’t have a girlfriend.
I had decided he didn’t want to hurt dozens of girls by choosing another over them.
Too soon, I would learn about other reasons.
Girls adored him.
They phoned at all hours, even risking Sylvia’s wrath, and they tailed him through the halls of our school.
But if he had even kissed one of them, he kept it secret.
A favorite of his, along with Margaret and Pam, was Carol, who had been his companion at Carmen Ranch club until their mystery afternoon together.
Whatever happened might've tainted but didn't entirely spoil the pleasure they took in each other’s company.
At school, Eric ran around with Laura Steinhoff, a freckled girl with a ready smile, who would someday be my wife and the mother of my first two astonishing kids.
In place of his study hall, Eric worked as an office monitor, picking up attendance sheets and delivering hall passes.
Laura was the other first-period office monitor.
They skipped down the halls, holding hands and laughing.
Laura held classroom doors open.
Eric swooped in with his arms extended like wings, softly humming the Hallelujah chorus from Handel’s Messiah.
Sunday Kemper was Lane Campbell's new girl.
She lived a block from our school.
Her folks either enjoyed our company or preferred to have their daughter at home even if she brought the whole gang with her.
Their family room had a pool table and a stereo.
While most of us played eight-ball or listened to Sunday’s dad, Ivan, an engineer, explain how things worked, Eric listened to the Messiah.
I knew he loved Christmas, which was near.
Besides, I had given up surprise at anything he might do.
So I hardly noted the changes in his obsessions and moods, until Christmas day.
It was the second anniversary of losing my dad.
After the family party at my Aunt Evangeline’s place, where my dad had eaten his final meal, I drove to pick up Eric.
He wanted to go to Sunset Cliffs, near Fort Rosecrans where his dad was buried.
His dad, Carl Curtis, was an Army Air Force pilot who crashed during a test flight while Eric was still a baby.
Sylvia blamed her sister Rosarie for the crash.
Rosarie, she believed, wielded demonic powers.
In twilight, Eric and I climbed up from the beach and explored some caves.
After dark, we rested atop the cliff, in a little park a half mile from the Cabrillo lighthouse.
Eric paced, finally sat down, and asked what I’d been thinking about my dad that day.
I told him how Christmas was always my dad’s favorite day, how the only plants he ever grew were poinsettias he would deliver to the family graves every Christmas morning after the presents got exchanged and breakfast was over.
When I finished, Eric paced again.
Then he squatted in front of the bench where I sat and gazed hard at me, as though wondering how far I could be trusted.
After deciding in my favor, he said, “There’s a big change coming.
I don’t know what it will be.
It’s something I feel so deeply, like nothing I ever felt before.
Maybe it’ll be good.
Maybe not.
All I know is, everything is going to be different.
Way different.” Karen Flagstad was a songleader.
Her squad danced at basketball games.
If I attended, she would wave and smile at me.
On a Friday evening, Eric, Kenny Neidermeyer, Bill Torrey and I split a magnum of champagne on the pretense of celebrating Kenny’s parents’ divorce, which had gotten finalized that week.
We had no other plans, so I suggested we visit the basketball game, since Karen’s wave and smile might revive my hope and cheer me.
The game was against our team’s rival, Grossmont High School.
My mother graduated there.
The gym was ancient.
The double entry doors each featured a quartet of small windows.
When the gatekeeper refused to let us in because the tickets were sold out, Kenny’s usual good nature expired.
He raised a fist as though to sock the gatekeeper, a boy in an ROTC costume.
But instead of punching the kid, he drove his fist through one of the small windowpanes.
The gatekeeper hollered.
The next instant, we found ourselves surrounded by teachers, coaches, and a platoon of the ROTC.
While the chatter of several witnesses turned it all into gibberish, and the gatekeeper shouted, “They’ve been drinking,” Kenny stood still, staring at his bloody fist as though wondering how it happened.
Out of the crowd, a coach came striding.
He shoved me aside and tried to grab Kenny.
Kenny bolted, splitting the crowd.
Down the steps and across the quad, his legs churned faster than the eye could register, like a propeller.
The previous fall he had broken our school record for the 50-yard dash.
The coach and a few ROTC kids gave chase.
They all disappeared into a stand of eucalyptus.
Most of the teachers and ROTC tailed behind.
Others returned to the basketball game, leaving Billy, Eric and me unguarded.
We slipped away, into the shadows beside a row of classrooms.
As we stood there assessing our options, Eric said, “Get Billy out of here.” He pointed to a parking lot.
“Go down there and hide till you can hitch a ride.” “So, you’re going to find Kenny?” I asked.
“Or what?” Staring at his feet, kicking the dirt, Eric said, “I’m going to stay and take my punishment.” “For what?
Kenny smashed the window.” Billy said, “You stay here, they won’t catch Kenny and they’ll blame the whole thing on you, because you’re the only one they’ve got.
They’ll kick you out of school for good.
They know we’ve been drinking.” Eric had picked up some dirt.
He was pouring it from one hand to the other.
“I can’t run away,” he said, and pointed at a man and a woman who came stalking our way.
Eric clutched my arm.
“Go on.
Get Billy out of here.” So Billy and I ran toward the parking lot, shouting over our shoulders for Eric to follow us.
He stood kicking dirt and shaking his head.
At the entrance to the parking lot, we met friends, latecomers to the game.
We told them it was sold out.
They provided a getaway car.
Billy and I discussed and concluded Eric would explain to the teachers about how Kenny’s folks’ divorce was making him crazy.
Eric would promise to pay for the window, and get himself and Kenny pardoned.
But somebody had called the police.
Though Kenny ran like the cartoon mouse Speedy Gonzales, he wasn’t as good at hiding.
The police found him crouched behind a bus bench on his way circling back to the lot where he had parked his mom’s Volkswagen.
They consulted the witnesses and booked Kenny for vandalism.
The teachers to whom Eric surrendered turned him over to the police, who drove him home to Sylvia and sent a report about him to the school board.
A few days later, Eric and Kenny got expelled for having been intoxicated on school grounds.
Mrs. Hazel Bole, our vice principal, summoned Billy and me.
She was a big woman, in size and spirit, a person of understanding and compassion, who tried hard to prepare us seniors for the real world.
She said, “I know you two were with Eric and Kenny.” “So expel me,” I said.
“Me too,” Billy said.
She shook her head.
“You probably think I could keep Eric and Kenny in school, but here’s the way things are.
Once the police get involved, the school board has to expel.
That’s policy.
Otherwise, they won’t usually expel, for fear a parent will sue them.
“Eric and Kenny are good boys, I know.
If I can do anything for them, I will.
Now, you two, please go learn something.”
A Bigger Change
Since Kenny’s dad was football coach across town at Coronado High School, Kenny transferred there and would graduate, and meanwhile bat leadoff on their baseball team.
Eric became a lot boy at a Lemon Grove Ford, a ten minute walk from Sylvia’s house.
The next couple of weeks, I only saw Eric on Sundays, his day off, and when I stopped by in the evenings, I would find him lying on his bed, reading.
Sylvia’s Catholic Bible.
Or Dickens’ Tale of Two Cities, in which Sydney Carton goes to the guillotine as a willing sacrifice for people he loves.
Or Joseph Conrad’s Heart of Darkness, about a fellow who, deep in an African jungle, encounters the hellish depravity of human nature, and assumes it as his own.
Eric listened to me as long as I wanted to talk.
But he didn’t care to talk much himself, except about how this expulsion had transformed him.
He was learning what it meant to work full days, to budget money, and generally act responsible.
He meant to enroll in adult school and complete his senior year that way, meanwhile saving all he could toward the date of his graduation when he would go looking for some kind of apprentice white-collar job, maybe in another town.
Probably San Francisco.
Unless he got drafted.
The way he talked was eerie and distressing, as if he meant to leave tomorrow and probably never come home.
On his more effusive evenings, he might offer advice and wrest promises out of me.
He asked for a promise that I would go straight to college, because a guy as smart as me simply ought to, and it would please my mom, who could use some cheering after her sorrows.
He had witnessed how any talk of college made her glow.
Besides, he didn’t want to see me get drafted.
“You’d have a hell of a time in the service,” he said.
“A teacher barks at you, it’s all you can do not to punch the guy.
Think of what’d happen with a drill sergeant.
You’d spend all your time locked up.” Twice he made me promise to watch over Billy, to be like a big brother, since Billy wouldn’t have him anymore.
I said, “Why doesn’t he have you anymore?” “I mean after I’m gone.” “Well, you’re still here,” I said.
“Anyway, Billy’s got a real big brother.” “But Cliff won’t always be around.” “Well, if everybody else is going someplace, who says I won’t?” “I don’t think you will,” he said.
“See, you believe you’re on your own, but you’re not.
Your mom’s had it even rougher than you have, and you’re not going to leave her anytime soon.
Not for long anyway.” He knew me better than I did.
I had told him some part of me blamed myself for my dad’s first heart attack, the one that weakened him and probably set him up for the big one.
On a sweltering summer day, I had teased him about being old when he declined to volunteer to keep score at a golf tournament I played in, though I knew all about his angina.
He must've wanted me to believe in his strength.
So he changed his mind and walked the course, and landed in the hospital.
One evening Eric gave me a sweater and a stack of records.
Thelonius Monk.
Dave Brubeck with Gerry Mulligan.
Lena Horne.
Harry Belafonte singing blues.
Though it might take him months to graduate, he said he was anxious to clean things out, to get prepared, ready to move.
On the evening of Valentine’s Day, 1963, I stopped by his house and he showed me a sack half full of small candy hearts, with slogans like, “I love you” and “Hey, sweetheart.” He picked out a half dozen that asked, “Why not?” and gave me the rest of the bag, along with instructions for tomorrow at school.
He said, “Give one to every girl who looks like she didn’t get a valentine.” I passed some around, though not half as many as Eric would have done.
That was Friday.
I picked him up from work.
We stopped at a hamburger drive-thru and at a liquor store where the proprietor had more avarice than scruples.
On Point Loma, in Fort Rosecrans, Eric’s dad’s grave lies in a clearing with no shrubs or trees nearby to mark the spot yet, even in the dark, Eric walked right to it.
He knelt beside it.
A couple feet down from the headstone, he dug out a piece of sod, dropped a candy heart underneath it, and replaced the sod.
We left the cemetery and parked just outside, and sat on the ground with our legs hanging over, about fifty feet above where the waves flooded the tide pools.
Once before in this spot, Eric had mused that whenever he died, he wanted his ashes scattered from here, out toward the beach and sea.
Several times, he placed a candy heart on his tongue, chewed slowly, and washed it down with the wine we had brought.
“I’ve got to tell you,” he said.
“The big change still hasn’t come, but it’s getting awfully close.” “Hey,” I argued, “you already got kicked out of school, you’re working full-time and don’t much hang out with friends anymore.
Now you’re ready to start adult school, right?
Did you sign up yet?” “Not yet.” “Anyway, do you hear that word, adult?
Becoming an adult, that’s got to be the big change.
It’s about the biggest there is.” He picked up a handful of sand and let it sift through his fingers.
“I wish it was.
I mean, I shouldn’t.
That’s just being a coward, to wish for things to stay like they are.
We ought to get excited about changes.
You, for instance, you ought to jump at the chance to go to Pepperdine.” Though I only remember my mom going to church for funerals, or as far as the front door to pick up a free copy of the Christian Science Monitor, her preference for my education was Pepperdine, a Christian college.
I suppose she hoped I might find guidance there.
“In L.A., Ken.
You could learn to write movies, and still get home in a couple hours if your mom needs you.
But you don’t want to go.” “State College is almost free.
I’m not going to let my mom pay for some expensive place.
She’d have to keep teaching those screwy eight-graders forever.
Besides, we were talking about you.” “What about me?” “Weren’t you going to say what you guess the real big change will be?” He brushed the sand off his hands.
“I don’t know.
Maybe something great and happy.” He looked up and attempted a grin.
“Or maybe it’ll be terrible.
All I know is, it’ll make getting expelled and the rest look like kid stuff.” The next day, Saturday, according to Sylvia, he spent reading Heart of Darkness for the second straight time.
On breaks from the story, he returned to his winnowing.
He loaded a garbage can with old board games and school papers and gave a couple of pairs of jeans to a neighbor boy.
He even tossed out the charred and bent pan he used to make popcorn since he had grown tall enough to reach the stovetop.
That evening, when I called to ask if he wanted to go to the cut-rate movies or shoot pool with Billy and me, he was probably home.
But Sylvia had gone out with Richard, and nobody answered the phone.
Billy spent the night at my place.
We had plans for the next day.
Billy and I, Eric, and Kenny were going to drive up the coast to Laguna Beach, for the annual sidewalk art festival.
Billy, like his brother Cliff, had a gift for drawing.
On Sunday morning about nine, I phoned Kenny to tell him Billy was at my house and ask when he meant to pick us up.
Things weren’t decided yet, he said, because Eddie Carmichael and Mike Beatty wanted to go along, except not to Laguna Beach.
They wanted to drive to the desert, to the Indio Date Festival, which they claimed was a good party.
Billy and I didn’t favor the idea of six guys, including big Mike Beatty, riding 150 miles over the mountains and back in Kenny’s mom’s Volkswagen.
Still, I asked Kenny to call us when the plans were settled.
He promised to.
But he didn’t.
Eric told him not to, I would learn the next day.
Eric, whom no one recalled having done a single mean act, or said a single mean word, had told Kenny to leave us behind.
When Kenny asked him to explain, he only insisted he didn’t want Billy or me along.
He wouldn’t say why.
That night on Viejas grade, Mike was driving when they swerved off the road and careened down an embankment.
On account of some miracle or quirk of physics, the little car didn’t roll, only slammed down on a wide ledge in the mountainside.
Eric was riding shotgun, where I might've been, since I was taller and longer-legged than any of the others except Mike Beatty, who was driving.
In those days nobody wore seatbelts.
Though Kenny would later swear he found the shotgun door closed, and the window closed and unbroken, Eric flew out.
The door must have opened then slammed shut after him.
His head, which may have contained the purest, most discerning mind of our generation, rammed against a granite boulder.
Cars
I have always loved cars.
Though I can’t draw any better than either of my daughters could at three years old, I spent thousands of bored minutes in grade school sketching sleek, rocket-like cars.
From my first memories until I was ten, my dad was a route salesman for a wholesale meat company.
He drove a Chevy bobtail.
The box was insulated and chilled by blocks of dry ice.
Whenever school was out, I used to ride with him on overnight runs to El Centro, in the desert, which in the summer turned so hot, I imagined all the inhabitants were escaped criminals who figured the police wouldn’t chase them into that hellish air.
Going over the mountains in the truck cab with my dad sitting tall behind the wheel and jamming the mysterious floor shift back and forth, I gazed down at the other drivers and passengers and felt safe and full of everything that mattered.
Many dozens of times, I rode with my dad on the narrow and winding two-lane highway past the very boulder that crushed Eric’s head.
My first successful story was called “Cars”.
It tells of two young fellows who lost their fathers.
Henry Swift and his best friend Bingo, who lands in a nursing home after a car wreck.
He can’t speak or do much of anything except wheel his chair in widening circles.
Whenever Henry encounters a crisis or challenge, he goes to Bingo and bares his soul but never gets an answer.
Maybe on account of being an only child, ever since I can remember, I have longed for a best friend to whom I could tell all the crazy stuff I think and feel.
A best friend is what I hoped Karen Flagstad could be.
I used to think, with someone who could know my secrets and also douse the fire in me and thereby keep me from all the nonsense men do on account of women, I could live content and free.
I won’t argue the chicken and egg question, does our desire for intimacy rise out of our need for God, or is our belief in God the desperate attempt to satisfy that inborn desire for intimacy.
But I’m placing my bets on the former, the need for God answer.
Which is why, on this road trip, I find myself hopeful to the point of desperation that, taking a cue from Brother Lawrence, I can learn to adore God enough so that he will become my daily companion, whom I count on and trust with my failings and secrets.
Suddenly, maybe invited by all the remembering, a whole other wave of thought takes hold of me.
I find myself muttering a line a line from Kerouac, maybe from Dharma Bums.
“If we knew time, we would know everything.” While contemplating that idea, I begin to suspect that in some real though unfathomable way I’m not only here and now, driving alongside the silvery ocean, in Pismo Beach, June 2010.
I’m also with my last best friend Olga, a few years ago, talking about poetry in a Greek Café.
And I’m way back with Eric on the sea cliffs just outside the cemetery, and even father back, riding beside my dad over the mountains in the old Chevy bobtail.
Then I remember a strange idea from the philosopher Blaise Pascal, a line from his book Penses, which contends not only is Jesus alive, he continues to be crucified for our sins.
So, maybe Christ didn’t only die for us way back in time, but he's still dying for us.
“Wow,” I mumble, “if you can’t adore that fellow, you’re really a hard case.”
Laura's Birthday
First period Monday, I got called to Mrs. Bole’s office.
I knocked, stepped in, and found her slumped over her desk.
Though she was big and hearty, today she looked undone, like a visitor to Auschwitz.
“Sit down, Kenneth.” “What’d I do?” “It’s about Eric.” Studying her mournful eyes, I eased myself into the chair.
“Yeah?” “They crashed.” My heart stopped and I gave up breathing.
“Eric?” I gasped.
"El Cajon Valley Hospital.
They don’t believe he’ll make it.” My brain catapulted through space, into a black hole.
There I remembered the night my mom checked into the hospital and the doctor said she was probably a goner.
“He’ll make it,” I said with defiance.
“He’s Superman.” She nodded.
“Let's keep hoping.
Billy and Cliff should be on their way here, I sent a pass for them."
The others in the car hadn’t gotten scratched, she said, and waited for an assurance that I wouldn't collapse or fly into a rage.
I asked her if I could go meet Billy and Cliff.
Knowing which way they would walk to the office from their auto shop class, around behind the football field, I took that route.
The teacher was engaged with a carburetor and didn’t notice me trespassing in his class.
I found Billy and Cliff wearing goggles, huddled over the head to a Chevy, grinding the valves.
They had decided Mrs. Bole and whatever trouble they were in could wait.
They had one more valve to grind.
Then we stepped out into the sunlight.
While I gave them the news, Cliff kicked gravel with both feet.
Billy stared at the sky.
His chin trembled.
A college boy guarded the parking lot.
We had to get a note from the office before he would unlock the gate and let us out.
My gas gauge read empty, and between us we hadn’t enough change to finance the trip to the hospital, which was almost to the mountains, a dozen miles or more.
So we drove to Cliff and Billy’s house to bum gas money.
Their mom, Evelyn, called the hospital and learned that Eric was in the operating room, and that no visitors could see him that day.
She tried to feed and comfort us.
After those attempts failed, she gave us ten dollars and a shopping list.
After we staggered through the aisles at the grocery store and delivered the bags to Evelyn, we drove up Mount Helix to the highest place in our town and paced around the big cross in the mountaintop park, staring all around at Mexico, the Pacific, and the Laguna Mountains.
Every few minutes one of us would offer a reason why Eric couldn’t possibly die.
He was the strongest person we knew.
He was only seventeen.
People needed him.
We needed him.
Around noon, I mentioned how stricken Mrs. Bole had looked.
Billy suggested we ought to tell her that Eric hadn’t blamed her for expelling him.
We parked out front of the school, climbed the steps, and had just turned the corner to the hall in front of the office building, when a girl ran out of the office sobbing hysterically.
She might’ve known Eric, but not well.
Still, when she spotted us, she ran up and clutched one of my hands and one of Cliff’s.
She blubbered a minute and finally spat out, “Eric’s dead.” Suddenly kids rushed us from all directions.
I felt like carrion under attack from buzzards.
I broke loose from the girl and hustled into the nearest classroom building and into the restroom.
I leaned onto the sink and glared at the mirror, where my flesh appeared to peel and shred.
I kicked the wall and howled.
A teacher came rushing in.
He was a large Spaniard who had given me plenty of office referrals for failing to shave or wearing a shirt with tails out.
This time, when he ordered me to the office, I blasted him with a volley of curses that might have convinced him he should send me to an exorcist rather than to the front office.
Then I dodged him and hustled back out to where Cliff and Billy leaned against the office wall, surrounded by tragedy groupies.
The three of us escaped around the office building, down the front steps to the street, where we ran into Laura.
Though in four years she would become my wife, I hardly knew her and didn’t realize yesterday was her birthday.
She asked me to sit on the grass for a minute.
Staring across the ball fields, she said, “Just last week he promised that for my birthday he was going to give me a very special present, only I wouldn’t understand it for a long, long time.
So he goes and gets killed on my birthday.
What’s that mean?” I shrugged.
We hugged stiffly.
Then we parted and went our own ways.
A few minutes later, I stumbled into my mom’s classroom at La Mesa Junior High School, while Billy and Cliff waited in my car.
My mom was lecturing about prepositions.
After a minute, she issued a reading assignment, followed me to a patio behind her room, and collapsed onto the picnic bench when I told her Eric was dead.
“Oh God,” she moaned.
“Not again.” Cliff, Billy and I drove to their home.
We spent an hour or so on an art project they were creating.
They intended to draw a million small circles, just to see what a million looked like.
Taking turns, we drew about 20,000.
Evelyn, their mom, kept appearing, offering food.
Sometime before dark I left and wandered alone, toward and up a hill called Eastridge that overlooked our school, along a street of vacant lots, sometimes escaping into in my usual obsessions about Karen Flagstad or whether I should play baseball or golf that spring.
But after a moment, the truth returned.
Nothing that mattered yesterday mattered anymore.
My gut felt as if a big snake were coiled inside it.
My heart was a huge lump of coal.
I walked faster and groaned and wondered why I couldn’t weep.
I thought of how Eric was ten times the human I would ever be.
If he couldn’t become Superman, I estimated my chances equaled about the square root of zero.
Mystery
All these years, I have believed that in some vaguely Christ-like way, Eric died as a sacrifice.
I reasoned like this: From at least two months away, he saw a big change approaching.
As it neared, he apprehended it ever more clearly.
Two weeks or so he had spent gathering his treasures and giving them away.
By two nights before the big day, he knew it would be something compared to which most crises meant nothing.
Very likely, he believed it might be death.
He told Kenny to leave Billy and me at home.
In some way he wanted to spare us.
I used to suppose he hadn't exactly known his motive, only felt that whatever was coming at him, we shouldn’t have to witness.
The only sense I could make of it all was that something way beyond reason or observation took place in his heart, mind or spirit.
According to some mysterious cosmic whimsy or brutal plan, Eric had to die and I didn’t.
So I filed the matter away with other mysteries, of which life offers plenty.
But on this trip with all its remembering, I may solve the mystery.
The End of Something Else
A couple weeks after Eric's funeral, Cliff and I decided we should quit school and move to San Francisco.
When school let out that day, we went up the street to La Mesa Junior High and found my mom grading papers on the patio behind her classroom.
We told her our plans and listened while she recited all the reasons leaving now, three months short of graduation, was all wrong.
She even tried to bribe us, offering to help with money if we would wait until June and apply to a San Francisco college.
"Nope," I said.
"If we wait, we probably won't go."
Cliff was more sensible.
He said my mom could be right.
I didn't relent until after his mom lectured us in practically the same words.
Whatever the meaning of Eric’s death, it might've been losing him that convinced me to give up on Karen Flagstad.
Anymore, the whole idea of having a best friend spooked me.
Better to keep my secret life to myself and guard my heart than to trust somebody I was almost sure to lose---because that was how life worked---and mourn over.
But then, in that way life has of confusing every issue, Karen invited me to be her graduation partner, which meant only walking side-by-side in a procession.
Still I invited her to the prom.
She accepted.
Then a girl passed along a rumor that Liz Pence wanted to go out with me.
Liz was a beauty.
We dated a few times before the prom, and she would've preferred that I give Karen notice and take her instead.
But I was neither that cold-blooded nor that stuck on Liz.
She might be as pretty, but if she possessed any goodness like what I saw in Karen, she hid it deep.
Prom night, for reasons more complicated than I can remember so long, Cliff was driving a '49 Ford convertible that belonged to Bob Williams, whom I will visit in Portland a few days from now.
Cliff's date was Chris Latin.
Karen and I rode in the back seat.
Karen had a cold.
Maybe her reason for keeping her distance, physical and otherwise, was hygienic concern for my health.
Or maybe she didn't approve of my dating Liz.
Whatever the truth, she wounded my already tenderized feelings.
For a while during the after-prom at a bowling alley, I left her and found Margaret.
We hid under a pool table and talked about Eric and our dubious futures.
Karen didn't care to join us for yet another party at Black's Beach, a place only accessible by a trail down a high sea cliff, where police never showed to bust rowdy kids for drinking.
So around dawn, I rode shotgun while Cliff drove and Lucas Field and Carol Stuhr napped in back.
We were on Murphy Canyon Road, a two-lane without sidewalks or curbs, bordered by vacant, hilly land.
I dosed off.
Then Cliff joined the rest of us.
The parked station wagon we rammed might've saved our lives, as it kept the convertible from running up the side of a bank and flipping onto our heads.
The station wagon was wrecked, Bob's Ford was totaled, and the four of us got cited on account of the case of beer in the trunk, which was meant for the beach party.
Maybe in consideration of it being our prom-night, the police dropped charges on the condition that Cliff agreed to pay off the station wagon owner.
I offered to split the pay off.
Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.
One of them was Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevski.
The story tells of Raskolnikov, a dropped out university student a few years older than me, who is possessed with a deep bitterness because he is brilliant but also poor.
Both to save his sister from marrying a wealthy snob and to prove a theory of his, he decides to rob a pawnbroker, knowing that the act might require murder.
His theory maintains that even acts of violence can be justified for certain special people who intend to use the results of violence for the good of all or many.
The special people, whose brilliance and high intentions exempted them from society's laws, were to me the same supermen Nietzsche urged us to become.
The novel put me into a fever.
I read every minute I wasn't washing pots, or smooching with Liz, or so drained from everything I couldn't help fall asleep.
I even cut off some dates long before Liz's midnight curfew to come home and read.
My room became Raskolnikov's basement garret.
If my mom dared enter to bring me a sandwich, I grabbed the plate, shooed her out, shut the door, and usually didn't bother to eat.
Early in the novel Raskolnikov is in a tavern with a drunk, Marmeledov, whose daughter Sonia has prostituted herself for the money to feed her destitute step-mother and brothers and sisters.
Marmeledov tells of a dream in which God sets straight the wise men who object to his accepting Sonia into glory: "Here is why, oh you wise, here is why, oh you of understanding—-her sins which are many are forgiven for she has loved much."
I jotted the quote on a slip of paper and kept it in my wallet until it disintegrated.
The only time in my rather lengthy existence I have so treasured an idea.
Liz wanted more attention from me than I wanted to give.
But we played fairly well together until, one Sunday evening, I wanted to go to a certain dance, which was held weekly and at which I always danced with other girls in addition to Liz.
This time, Liz wanted me to myself, at her place.
Her folks were out of town.
Maybe the proposition and setup spooked me.
Anyway, for reasons lost to time, I went to the dance alone, and afterward took Serena Furby for a ride.
I hadn’t known that Serena and Liz sat next to each other in summer school.
Liz called me various names and tried to get our friend Les Falos to thrash me.
He considered the proposition, then laughed it off.
A couple weeks passed before Bill Torrey came and asked if I would mind him taking Liz out.
No problem, I said.
In my heart, Billy Torrey was my little brother, and would be for years to come.
We would play music and perform together in a coffee house, until he married and moved away.
Not long after our one date, Serena died in a car crash.
I didn’t go to her funeral.
I hadn’t minded her snitching to Liz.
She was a sweet girl, and Liz was her friend.
But I had seen too many funerals.
Then Billy Graham came to town.
The Light
While working at Coffee Dan's, on breaks Cliff and I consorted with the waitresses.
Reba, a truck stop veteran, had eyes for Cliff, though she was twice his age.
She was toying with his hair when sweet Helga came in and gasped.
She fetched a Bible from her cubby and read aloud, “Her lips drip honey, but in the end she is a bitter fruit.
Her steps lead straight to the grave.” Reba laughed and sat in the chair between Cliff and me.
She arched her back so her breasts swelled.
“Helga, last night I took your advice.
I said, ‘God, help me out here.
Don’t let temptation lure me down to the Inn Spot again.’” Helga beamed, and leaned across the table.
“You stayed home?
Tell me you stayed home?” “Well, I stayed home all right, but that’s not the whole story.
You see, the devil came for me.” “No.” Helga covered her face with both hands and peeked out.
“Yes ma’am.
He came right up and knocked on my door.” “But you didn’t let him in?” “Well, I wasn’t going to, but one look at that hunk of a man, and he got me in his spell.
I hardly remember what happened.
All I can tell you is, when I woke up in his arms this morning, I jumped out of his clutches and ran straight to here.
You want to go home with me after the shift?
If he’s still hanging around, maybe you can chase him off.” By now, Helga was wringing her hands.
Her eyes had misted over.
She was about as bright as the girls in blonde jokes.
But she was a darling, generous and kind.
So when she invited us to a Billy Graham crusade, to keep from disappointing her, and maybe for deeper reasons, I said “Why not?” Neither Cliff nor I admitted we might want to attend.
We decided we could read a newspaper account and tell Helga we had gone and found plenty to think about.
But by the evening of the crusade, something like conscience bit us.
The crusade was downtown at Balboa Stadium, where the Chargers played.
It seated about 20,000.
Since we were among the last to straggle in, we climbed to the top.
From our seats, with a glance behind, we saw the harbor crowded with battleships and carriers.
In front of us sat a trio of babes, probably still in high school.
They looked wholesome, with cheeks made rosy from the chill and breeze, and curls that adorned their creamy necks and shoulders.
Way down on the stage stood three big men.
Even from afar, they looked like giants.
The one in the middle gave announcements, in a deep and strong yet cordial voice.
He introduced the man on the right, who stepped to the mike and silenced the crowd with a hymn.
Billy Graham followed, and began to speak with such gentle authority, he stopped my eyes from wandering to the neck of the babe with auburn curls.
Billy Graham quoted from a Bible prophet, in a manner that made me feel prophesied to.
He commanded, Learn to do well, relieve the oppressed and the fatherless, plead for the widow.
Come now, he said, and let us reason together.
Though our sins are as scarlet, they can be as white as snow.
If only we’re willing and obedient, we can reap the good of the land.
And he warned us.
The hydrogen bomb had cast its shadowy threat of annihilation over the whole earth.
Sooner than we imagined, the basic power of the universe would be given into the hands of mad men.
Then, how could our planet avoid destruction?
And he told us a Chicago judge claimed our generation’s teenaged criminals made Al Capone's gang look like a Sunday school class.
A flutter of auburn hair caught my eye.
I looked down and noticed goose bumps on the babe’s shoulders.
After traveling the world and witnessing racial tensions rising all around, Billy Graham had grown ever more certain that the only solution was at the foot of the cross.
He said the foot of the cross was the only place where in every sense all of us are equals.
We’re all sinners, he said, and we’re sinners by choice.
We choose to break God's moral laws.
We become drunkards or fornicators, selfish, consumed with pride and prejudice and intolerance.
But the sinful heart can’t find happiness.
And God, he assured us, wants his creatures to get happy, which is why Christ said we must be born again, so he could give us new moral natures, new affections, new objectives, and new directions.
What planted the hook in me was: according to Billy Graham, when you make your decision for Christ, you do it for the sake of the nation and the world.
Without God, any nation will perish.
And a nation is only as strong as its people.
A better world requires better nations of better people.
Christ can make us into those people.
Billy Graham had injected some hope into at least one heart often shamed by its selfish and ornery ways.
When he asked for all who would surrender to come to the altar, I stood and followed the auburn haired babe.
About halfway down, I heard Cliff.
He came behind me and said, “Are we sure about this?” I didn’t answer, only kept descending into the valley of whatever.
Dark had fallen.
Hundreds of us lost souls crowded in front of the portable stage somewhere around the goal line.
I suspected the others, like me, wanted to get near Billy Graham and his giant companions, for comfort and to borrow some of their power.
The singing giant led a few thousand folks in a hymn.
“Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling, calling oh sinner come home, come home, come home, ye who are weary come home…” I mumbled the surrender words I heard someone else say, and waited.
Cliff had stayed beside me.
I believe he mumbled too.
I looked for the girl with auburn hair, and wondered if she had bolted, too proud or afraid to surrender.
Then a kid tapped me on the shoulder.
I tapped Cliff and we followed the kid.
He looked about sixteen.
His haircut might have come from a Marine base.
He wore glasses and a smile I interpreted as phony.
He passed out a Bible tract, a directory of churches, and a card with his name and phone number.
I thought, call you for what?
This kid, I believed, had spent more time in church than outside in the real world.
He hadn’t attended a dozen funerals, known anyone like Eric, read Nietzsche or Dostoyevski.
Most of all, he wasn’t Billy Graham.
Besides, I glanced to the right of the kid and saw the babe with auburn curls.
She stood with hands folded at her waist and creamy white legs quivering below the hem of her flowered sundress.
Then I knew for certain that if I smiled and she smiled back and I asked her name and number and picked her up later at her churchgoing folks’ house and promised to bring her home by midnight, I would drive to a lookout at the sea cliffs and invite her into the back seat.
And if she complied, I would do exactly what I would have done yesterday, before I surrendered.
I might be forgiven, but I felt no less corrupt than before.
Lucky for her, we lost her in the crowd.
In the car, Cliff and I didn’t mention surrendering.
We drove to a party, and told nobody about Billy Graham.
We stayed in the kitchen, drank a couple beers and talked baseball with a few lonely guys.
A card game started, but poker is no fun if you don’t care who wins.
The only girls were hanging on their boyfriends.
So we left.
In the Chevy, Cliff said, “Tijuana?” “Sure,” I said.
“Why not?” On Avenida Revolución, even when nothing was happening, you knew any second most anything could.
Police could falsely charge you with some offense, so you would pay them to let you go.
A drug dealer could shoot another, right beside you on the sidewalk.
A gang of gringo sailors might pick a brawl with a gang of locals.
A drunken homecoming queen could fall into your lap and coo about how much cuter you are than her boyfriend who has gone to puke in the alley.
We chose one of the quieter nightclubs.
Still, it was crowded, so we shared a table with two friendly Marines.
In a few months, Cliff would get drafted.
Neither of us were anxious to shoot anybody or die as heroes.
But Cliff’s dad fought in Korea and wasted no respect on anybody who let other boys go to war while he attended college.
Even before our tequila arrived, the Marines were telling us about a training film.
It showed photos of camouflaged pits where guys fell onto sharpened and poisoned poles, and tunnels through which soldiers had to crawl chasing invisible warriors.
Maybe the thoughts of death by poison or stabs in the dark made my stomach roil.
Or maybe the cause was the sight of a dancer on the stage beside the bar.
She was naked except panties sagged around her knees.
I thought, the babe with auburn hair could be here in her place, if instead of having folks who were churchgoing gringos she had gotten born where I imagined this stoned, lost and weepy dancer had, as the fifteenth child of someone who lived in a hut beside a brown river.
When a fellow vacated his bar stool, I excused myself from the table and moved there.
I ordered another shot of tequila, and stared at the mirror behind the liquor shelf, wondering if I looked any different than before I surrendered to Jesus.
I couldn’t spot a single feature that appeared more saintly or pure.
I felt no more likely to hand over my jacket to whomever asked, let alone to throw in my shirt.
The only change I recognized, I felt more confounded than ever.
Someone had told me, when you drink tequila, make sure you count the shots.
So I kept count.
I was on seven, and still waiting for the buzz, when I sensed my stool tipping backward.
If I had asked, once I recovered, Cliff would’ve told me what else happened between the time I started tipping and the morning after.
But I preferred not to know.
I already had earned at least enough shame for a guy my age.
The way I recall, I tipped backward and landed in the shotgun seat of our Chevy, where I woke up shivering.
Dawn had commenced.
The sky was cornflower blue.
We were parked on dirt near a bridge across the Tia Juana River, about fifty yards downstream from a squatter village of tin-roofed stick and cardboard shacks.
The river was low and mossy green below a film tinted with shimmering rainbows.
A few women in rebosos of vivid reds and oranges waded and filled clay pots and coffee cans with water.
The niños who crawled on the muddy bank had implausibly shiny hair and wide eyes of milk white and gleaming obsidian.
Beyond the shanties, across the river and the road, a building invaded the sky.
Shaped like a Hershey bar, only high as mountains and made of chrome and glass.
A thousand beams from the rising sun ricocheted in prisms off it.
I felt Cliff staring at me.
He was in the back seat.
When I glanced his way, he asked, “How’s your head?” In truth my head felt enormous and heavy.
Even my eyeballs ached.
“Okay,” I said.
“But check this out, everything looks weird.
I mean, awfully weird.” “How so?” “Well, awfully bright, way more beautiful, only scarier.
Something like that.” “Probably tequila,” he said.
“Maybe.” But it wasn’t.
Tequila doesn’t last.
The Real World
I started college and rented an apartment with Kenny Niedermeyer who was suffering more than any of us over Eric’s death, since the car was his and Sylvia blamed him.
She would call and scream “Murderer!” and accuse him of stealing the twenty dollars Eric took with him that day.
Here's something she wrote and sent him: Jingle for Rope Jumpers Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, Eric's dead.
They pushed him, and they beat him and they smashed him in the head.
He gurgled and he growled, he suffered and he bled.
Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, Eric's dead.
Jump Michael, Jump Kenneth, Jump Edward
Bob Williams often hung around our apartment.
About half way through the fall semester, President Kennedy got bushwhacked.
I was so used to good people dying, I didn’t take it as hard as some did.
College was okay, except I came to doubt I wanted to major in Philosophy when I learned the classes were less concerned with the ideas than with arguing about them.
And as finals approached, Laura Steinhoff's boyfriend Frank Holmes stopped by our apartment and pitched us a better idea.
Better especially for me whose sole living hero was Jack Kerouac.
Frank wanted to take off driving and stop in New Orleans for Mardi Gras.
After that, we could just point the car north or east and go.
So Bob and I dropped out of college after one semester, even though we risked getting drafted and sent to war.
We pooled our money, bought an old Chevy, and pulled on to Highway 80.
By New Orleans, we were low on money, and after one night in that town where we eighteen-year-olds could legally drink, we were broke.
We slept in our car near a park on the far side of a rundown neighborhood from the French Quarter.
For food and spending money, we foraged for soda bottles and redeemed them.
With my share, I bought just enough beer so the proprietor of a smaller Bourbon Street bar allowed me to remain on a stool from which I admired a certain barmaid.
She reminded me of Karen Flagstad.
Not in her looks.
She was taller and red haired.
But in her expression, I read the same message I got from Karen’s sweet face.
It said, I’ve been hurt bad and know how it feels so I’ll be nice to everybody and try not to make anybody else feel that way.
A thousand and some miles from home, I was lonely enough to once again ache for a best friend.
So while I admired this barmaid, who looked about three months pregnant, I dreamed she and I would roam until we discovered the right small town, where we didn’t know anybody.
There she could leave behind the sorrow of getting ditched by the creep who knocked her up.
I meant to love her baby like my own.
But on the third evening, not long after she had sat with me and chatted in a dovelike voice about strange and outrageous visitors to the bar, a guy with several tattoos came for her.
As she walked out with him, she waved goodbye to me.
Earlier that day, I had noticed a Kitchen Help Wanted sign in a coffee shop.
Since I hoped to become an instant father, in order to show the waitress my responsible side, I inquired about the job.
The manager said, “Not your kind of work.” “Why not?” I asked, and explained that I had enjoyed last summer washing pots in a similar establishment.
“The kitchen’s all colored help,” he said.
“Fine with me,” I countered.
He sighed.
“See, we only pay Negros a quarter an hour.” Minimum wage was $1.25.
We had noticed other outrages.
The man, woman and colored rest rooms.
The white and colored drinking fountains in the park.
The dearth of black customers on Bourbon Street.
The masterful jazz artists playing in side-street storefronts for nothing but spare change.
By the end of Mardi Gras, at midnight, while we were entering the rundown neighborhood between the French Quarter and our car, a policeman warned us not to go that way.
On this night every year, he assured us, coloreds roamed the streets hunting for white folks to butcher.
I thought, who could blame them?
Still, I wasn't ready to die.
But with three of us, we might survive.
A few blocks into the neighborhood, we got invited to a house party, where a gathering of charming black folks hosted us most of the night.
In Kansas City, our old Chevy broke down.
Frank borrowed money from his Kansas relatives and bought a plane ticket for home.
Bob decided to go meet his real dad, for the first time.
He lived in Omaha.
I phoned and asked my mom for ten dollars, picked it up at Western Union, and caught a bus for Chicago.
A few years before, Tony Russo and his family had moved west, where he attended our high school until they chose to return to their home in Bellwood, a suburb west of Chicago.
Tony was more Eric’s friend than mine.
He taught Eric to walk on his hands.
He was good at making Eric laugh.
I remembered him telling us that the toughest guys in our school were no match for wimps in his hometown.
As if to prove that claim, at an annual signing party, while I was in the front yard trading insults with a couple of crashers, Tony came flying out of nowhere and knocked one of them into a flower bed, with a single punch.
In Chicago, crime was a given.
I arrived around midnight and walked from the downtown bus station to a nearby coffee shop upstairs from a basement nightclub.
A policeman came and sat at the counter beside me, then a man from the nightclub showed and handed the policeman a fistful of money.
The next day, after Tony’s parents stepped out for the evening, he showed me the shotgun his dad kept loaded in a closet.
I found work a few blocks from Tony’s house, operating a punch press machine in a factory that made freeze plugs for Detroit.
I called Bob in Omaha, and we made plans.
He would join me in Chicago in two weeks, the day after my first payday, and we would set out for Florida, where the temperature was about a hundred degrees more to our liking.
Tony ran with a crowd, which they called a club, that was much like the gangs in West Side Story except I never caught them singing or dancing.
The club rented a storefront next door to the post office, where they held parties and conspired on plans for retaliation against the gangs from other neighborhoods.
Everyone in the club was Italian, except one fellow.
He had a Polish name.
They all were sharp dressers.
To them, my traveling wardrobe marked me as a hick and slob.
So when I arrived in my jeans and flannel shirt at a party to which they hadn’t invited girls yet they still dressed in alligator shoes and polished chino slacks, at least a few of them took offense.
The Polish fellow began goading me, first about my clothes, then about the beard I had grown, then about what losers were all us from California.
I attempted patience, since I was their guest and because I remembered Tony’s stories that placed him in the low range of this crowd’s toughness.
But at last I mouthed a comeback.
The Polish fellow threw a punch that landed square on my jaw.
I staggered.
He tackled me.
I fell and my head whacked the concrete floor.
The next I knew, several guys were pounding various parts of me.
I couldn’t seem to move from the waist up.
Maybe one or more of them held me down.
But I threw a few kicks.
Either they accomplished my intention or Tony or someone pulled the Polish guy off me.
Then the others followed.
I heaved myself up and made for the door.
Outside, with the temperature something below zero, I trudged and slid up the sidewalk the few blocks to Tony’s place.
His mom had given me a key.
No one was home.
In my previous life, with a few brief exceptions, I had avoided fistfights by using my size (I grew up fast) and a rather savage look I could muster.
So I hadn’t known murderous rage.
It felt righteous, as if revenge weren’t only a need but an act of justice, without which I could no longer live.
That Polish fellow and I didn’t belong in the same world.
I went straight for the shotgun then marched back down the icy sidewalk telling myself I would only shoot the Polish guy.
A block short of the clubhouse, Tony met me.
By the time I finished telling my plan and reasons, the rage had waned just enough so I let him have the gun.
A few days later, Bob and I caught a ride out of Albany, Georgia with a slick young man named Johnny.
His blond hair was oiled and wavy.
He wore a silk shirt and drove a fast, red convertible.
Though he claimed to have gotten out of prison only yesterday, he blazed at about twice the speed limit down Highways 19 and 41 into Florida and all the way to Miami.
He talked about money, women, and other stuff he’d missed while in prison.
When he asked if we would be looking for work in Miami and we said probably, he nodded and chucked my arm.
“Hey, the boss will set you up.” The boss lived in a palace on a canal.
He was a midget who needed a wheelchair, but whose live-in babe was about twice his height and half his age.
She reminded me of the barmaid in New Orleans.
I was mourning the loss of that dream when the midget said, “You guys from San Diego, must’ve driven a boat now and then.” Bob said he had driven a couple speedboats.
“Sure you did,” the midget said.
“Johnny’ll get you the boat.
All you gotta do is take it out a coupla miles, pick up some items, bring’em in.
You’re game, right?” After considering the looks worn by the midget, Johnny, and even the babe, we said, “Right.
You bet.” Johnny drove us to a row of affordable motels, parked at the curb and pointed to one of them.
“I’ll come for you tomorrow.
Say 6:30.
You’ll be waiting out front.
Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.
We stayed at the cheapest motel, about a half-mile north.
In the morning we hitchhiked to Fort Lauderdale.
This was during college spring break, a sad time to be in that town if you were eighteen, on a peanut butter budget, and didn’t belong to a fraternity.
The girls were taken.
The parties were private, the bars off limits to minors.
We spent our evenings with the fellow who had picked us and invited us to flop with him and his roommates.
The three of them were carpenters, down from New York and New Jersey for the winter.
Bobby Casso was one of them.
He claimed his dad was a Mafioso until he got on some capo’s hit list and fled to parts unknown.
Bobby was a master storyteller, and one of his stories pierced my soul.
In summers, Bobby worked as a bartender at the Left Bank, a saloon in Lindenhurst, Long Island.
One of the regulars was Jack Kerouac.
My only living hero, according to Bobby, had become nothing more than a woeful drunk who sat brooding over his liquor until closing time.
Then, most every evening, he went home with whatever washed out female lasted so long.
Raskolnikov
While Bob and I drove home in a 1952 Chevy we bought for $20 from Bobby Casso, I was a lousy companion.
All I could think about were tragedies.
Eric's death.
Jack Kerouac, and how neither his talent, quests, travels, friends, lovers, nor his studies of Buddhism had saved him from a pitiful life.
I wondered if all the highs, mind trips, love affairs and communions he had written about were cover-ups for his soul's desperation.
I had found the real world to be at least as tragic, seamy, unjust and dangerous as Billy Graham preached.
Thinking of Billy Graham reminded me that the light I had noticed from the shore of the Tia Juana river was growing dim.
At home, I would've gotten drafted except I returned to school.
Congress had extended the Social Security benefit for those of us with dead fathers.
I would get paid to go to college until age twenty-two, which delighted my mom, to whom education was everything.
San Diego State University was surrounded by faith centers.
Mormon, Catholic, Lutheran, and Jewish.
Down the road a few blocks was a large Baptist church.
Since my profession of faith, my only steps in God's direction were reading through the Bible, praying now and then, and getting baffled by J.D.
Salinger's Franny and Zoey, about a girl who goes around constantly muttering "Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on us."
Her family decides she's crazy, and I agreed.
Hoping to keep the light alive, I visited several churches that gave me the creeps, with clammy skin and something like nausea, the same feeling I have gotten from the sallow eyes of anorexics who obviously courted suicide, and from remembering nights I had to spend with my sinister grandmother, the Christian Scientist.
Another couple churches reminded me of the country club where I used to smash golf balls until I grew weary of the country club people.
I tried a few college youth groups whose leaders appeared either self-righteous or too naive to offer much truth.
After all, I surmised, they hadn't witnessed black people living on a quarter an hour, or attended many funerals, or gotten beat up for no reason and realized they could easily do murder.
I felt as lost as Raskolnikov, in Crime and Punishment.
Maybe my only hope was to find a Sonia.
Me vs. Everybody
About a year ago, in church, the band performed “Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing”.
Some words from the second verse leapt out at me.
“Jesus sought me when a stranger, wandering from the throne of God, He to rescue me from danger, bought me with his precious blood.”
And for the first time ever, I thought, my God, Eric died for me.
I believe our minds go far deeper than the part that allows us to reason.
When we encounter an idea and it seems to brighten our consciousness and lead to a wealth of new insights, we should trust it at least as much as we trust a reasoned argument.
Because if we look close enough at almost any reasoned argument, we can find a flaw or logical fallacy.
My first year in college, I majored in philosophy.
The second class opened with ancient Greeks.
The professor set these philosophers’ arguments against each other.
Next she used Roman arguments to refute the Greek who prevailed over the earlier Greeks.
Then she applied the arguments of medieval scholastics to refute the Romans, and some arguments of Renaissance philosophers to refute the scholastics, and so on.
At semester's end, she returned to the first Greek and, with his arguments, refuted a modern German.
Philosophers argue and presume the best argument wins.
But what if an idea we can't argue moves us so deeply we have to at least consider that it might be true though we could never argue why?
The question prompted me to changed my major from philosophy to literature.
Had I been less arrogant, I might've turned to theology instead, and perhaps become truly wise.
I’m fairly bright, but slow.
When a new idea arises, I only ponder until my brain begins to hurt.
Then I let the idea go until the next time it surfaces.
For months, on and off, ever since the song alerted me, I have pondered the idea of Eric as more than a sensitive fellow with clairvoyant powers and a tremendous heart who chose to protect Bill Torrey and me.
I have asked, how much did he know?
I had always supposed his prescience was shadowy.
But maybe not.
By that Sunday morning when he showed up at Kenny Niedermeyer's, he might have gotten the whole message.
I think about standing outside the basketball gym a month before his last day, when Eric could easily have run like he insisted Billy and I do.
But he said “I’m going to stay and take my punishment.” “For what?” I asked, and he didn’t answer.
For what?
I still want to know.
A favorite mystery writer of mine, Ross McDonald, earned this praise from a reviewer: “McDonald doesn’t write about crime.
He writes about sin.” I think back to the day I spent asking kids whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.
Though I didn’t understand at the time, I was asking if they felt the darkness in their nature, the affinity for sin.
Somewhere, I read, "All sin is the result of the failure to love."
Over lots of years, I have noted voluminous evidence for that idea, and not a shred against it.
My last summer in Chico, I was sorely depressed, living too far from my family and confused about most everything.
And I discovered the best I could do to relieve depression was turn my thoughts and concerns from myself to others.
Even the feeling like a rock in my belly went away.
Love heals.
Along with The Practice of the Presence of God and some mysteries, I have been reading about Feodor Dostoyevski's philosophical positions, because the issues he tackled a century and a half ago are still remarkably current.
In Dostoyevski the Thinker, I discovered a passage written following the death of his first wife.
Since I have the book with me, I pull into a turnout overlooking the Pacific, find the passage and reread it.
"To love someone as oneself, in accordance with Christ's commandment, is impossible.
The love of personality is binding on earth.
The self stands in the way.
Christ could do it, but Christ was an eternal ideal, toward which man strives and must strive, by the law of nature.
Meanwhile, after the appearance of Christ, as the ideal of man in the flesh, it became as clear as day that the highest, the final development of personality must come to this: that the person should recognize and with the full force of his nature be convinced that the highest someone can make of his self is to annihilate this self, as it were—to give it totally to each and every one, individually and unselfishly.
And this is the greatest happiness."
The ocean is cornflower blue, like the sky above the Tia Juana River long ago.
Far offshore, an oil rig appears to bob.
And I sense, or at least imagine, that everything we need to know is in that passage I just read.
We are possessed by nature with the love of self and also with the need to strive toward the Christ ideal, which is annihilation of the self in total obedience to the love of God and others.
And while self-love always descends into misery, the love of God and others carries us upward, into joy.
So the happiness we attain is decided simply by how far we travel along the path from self-love to the love of God and of others.
By the same equation, the more we love ourselves, the more inclined to evil we are, while the more we love God and others, the more we may achieve good.
As I pull back onto Highway 101, I concluded the greatest evil must be done by those totally in the grip of self-love, and the greatest good by those closest to the annihilation of self.
I can't find any flaws in that equation, except as regards finding the way along the path away from self-love.
Dostoyevski maintained our nature compels us to strive toward the love of God and others.
But preachers often argue that striving does us no good whatever, that in order to grow toward love we need to surrender our selves to God and ask him to lead us.
Some preachers would contend we can count on God's direct leading, through prayer and messages we will receive if we listen.
Others would tell us to rely on God indirectly, by reading and following the example of Christ and the principles he gave.
In the Sermon on the Mount alone, Christ urges us to keep our desires in check, speak the truth, give sacrificially, set aside worries, pray, withhold judgment except about our own thoughts and actions, and ask for good gifts such as wisdom.
Mostly to slow my whirling mind, I speak a prayer, a request I have often made, asking God to help me love better.
And what comes is a reminder of something I've been told more than once.
As I recall, the first time came at the University of San Diego.
When I moved back to my hometown of San Diego from Chico, I left behind a tenured professorship.
My two kids lived with me and cost plenty.
So I started teaching all around.
One semester, I taught nine classes at four colleges, about 90 hours a week, which left me too weary to write, or so I thought.
My son Cody and I went to Tae Kwon Do classes twice a week.
And I was managing Cody’s Little League team, hoping he might become a pitcher instead of a ninja.
Probably because I didn’t sleep enough, my emotions had shut down, and every day I sensed impending doom.
Something had to change.
My kids didn’t deserve a catatonic dad.
One late afternoon as I sat on the grass at the University of San Diego, overlooking the harbor and wondering how I could fix my emotions, I mumbled, “Okay, where should I start?” Then I remembered advice Master Jeong, our Tae Kwon Do instructor, often gave.
He told us, "Everything begins with the spirit.
From the spirit come the thoughts.
From the thoughts come the actions.
From the actions come the habits.
From the habits comes the character.
And from the character comes the destiny.” Stupefied by stress as I was, I sat a while wondering where on that continuum I should start trouble-shooting, until the obvious made itself clear.
Start with the spirit.
So, I thought, what could best set my spirit on the right path?
I believe it was God who sent the message: "Look here, you're a writer.
But for months you haven't been writing, which has grieved your spirit into a coma.
Sure, teaching nine classes and raising kids is hard, but it’s not going to kill you.
What will kill you is not writing.” The next morning, I got up at 5 a.m. instead of 5:30, which allowed me to write for a half hour.
Not much, but enough to give me hope, which is the antidote to despair.
The stuff I wrote during those half-hour sessions became crucial parts of my novel The Loud Adios.
About a month after the semester ended, I sent the manuscript to a national contest.
I won.
But success isn't the point.
The point is, when we're stumped, or stuck, and we ask God, if an answer comes, we had better heed it.
Okay, I think.
I will write about reading Brother Lawrence and this trip before the next novel or anything else gets in my way.
And by the end, I vow, I will know better how to adore God.
Which, for reasons I’ll soon learn, turns me once again to thoughts of Eric.
After a mile or so I’m questioning whether, on that Sunday as he walked over the hill between Sylvia's house and Kenny Niedermeyer's, Eric got handed the choice to save me and/or Billy, or to save himself.
The only answer I receive is a maybe.
But all I need is to recognize the long shot possibility that the dearest person I have known gave his life for me and, despite the sorrow, my heart leaps with adoration.
For a moment on Highway 101 in Pismo Beach, I feel sure that Eric was Jesus.
Not in full, as in a Second Coming.
But in a way so that Jesus entered him and took possession.
While this thought grips me, both Eric and Jesus become so precious the word adore feels timid and weak.
Cliff and Toni
A semi cuts in front of me while we climb Cuesta grade, just north of San Luis Obispo.
Surrounded by semis, I decide I had better return to the mundane world.
The last dozen miles to Cliff’s home in Atascadero I spend wondering if I could possibly write something that might introduce Cliff, Billy, and Bob to God.
I suppose I’m an evangelical but I don’t like to confront people.
Sometimes I feel ashamed that I haven't been the instigator of more conversions.
I could offer pages of justifications, but I won't bother, as I recognize how flimsy they are.
Still, I'll offer few recollections for the consideration of real evangelists.
During my years between conversion and earnest churchgoing, I often experienced campus evangelists, church pastors, elders, and other enthusiasts whom I sensed wanted to make me into a notch on their belt, and who have left me doubtful about the worth of salesmen’s tactics in the service of God.
During my college years, I would frequently get waylaid by too-friendly people.
I must’ve looked pagan or drug addled.
Usually they ran in twos.
While one of them smiled, the other would ask, “Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?” “Yep,” I would say, and either stay and observe their perplexed surprise, or excuse myself before they could ask, “What church do you attend?” and then pitch theirs to me when I said I don’t, which was usually the case.
The only effective evangelist I encountered in those days was Tony Tarantino, a lanky Jesus freak with frizzy red hair and an expression both bewildered and wise.
I picked him up hitchhiking.
He settled into the seat, set his Bible on his lap, stared at me for a minute and asked, “Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?” “Yep,” I said, and readied myself to field the standard subsequent questions.
Tony said, “Oh.
Good.” A week later, he was leading a Bible study at our house.
Cliff’s not much of a talker.
I believe nobody heard his stories from Vietnam until years afterward.
I don’t pry, so I can’t be sure what goes on inside him, but I have no reason to think he believes in God, or that he doesn’t.
But whether he believes or not, Cliff has gotten well blessed since our evening with Billy Graham.
He has four wonderful kids, and Toni, who is one of those rarest of people who appear to grow brighter, stronger, and more beautiful every year.
Cliff and Billy's dad, Cliff Senior, invited me to dinner not many years ago.
The evening became an in vino veritas experience.
After some cups, he said, “Ken, you should know it was me that hounded my son into serving in Vietnam.” I held back from saying, Yeah, I know.
“So he goes over there, fighting in a war that was all wrong, and he saw things nobody should have to.
He comes back drinking hard.
And then, thank God, he met Toni.” The man from whom Cliff and Bill Torrey inherited their reserved and stoic characters snuffed and wiped his eyes.
“I’ll tell you, that girl saved my son’s life.
She dressed him down when he needed it, kicked him out when she knew it was best, and took him back as soon as he deserved it.
I can’t tell you how much I owe that girl.” Toni teaches nursing at Cuesta College.
She knows most everything about nutrition and raising kids.
Before Cliff and I go out to slug golf balls into the trees, Toni and I talk in the kitchen.
After a wandering conversation about food, kids and baseball somehow leads to spiritual matters, Toni mentions that she has always supposed people turn to God for comfort.
What I don’t know about people in general could probably fill all the world’s libraries.
But I can offer that I have turned to God at various times for a variety of reasons.
In hopes of gaining understanding.
To lessen my likelihood of hurting people.
Out of fear.
On account of worries about my kids.
Out of gratitude.
I didn’t tell Toni about Eric or Chicago and the Polish fellow I could easily have murdered, or about blaming myself for the heart attack that set up my dad for the big one.
"One time," I said, "I was suffering panic attacks.
I guess that time, it was the comfort motive.” “Did it work?” she asked.
“Sure, gradually.
And then, another time, when I decided to actually find a church I would go to more than once or twice, was on account of feeling quite blessed and knowing I ought to be spending more time thanking God than I ever would on my own.” “How did you know which church to pick?” Such a question calls for more coffee.
I pour a cup and say, “Well, the evangelical ones were where I found more people who actually tried to get closer to God.
You know, to better understand God through all kinds of means.
Intellect and others.
I mean, I’m all for preachers showing how Biblical advise can help us be nicer, more prosperous, more benevolent, more likely to work toward human rights and all.
But without the honest search for connection with the Holy Spirit, none of that good advice carries much weight.”
Eric vs. Max Von Sydow
Back on the road my thoughts pick up where they left off in San Luis Obispo, and I wonder if Brother Lawrence perceived his constant companion as the Father, the Son, or the Holy Spirit.
Maybe my problem with adoring God is my habit of looking at, or for, God the Father, who in my vocabulary is easy to respect, admire, stand in awe of, or even worship, but is hard for me to adore.
God, to me, looks more like a vapor.
And his whispering voice either sounds too much like my own to be surely authentic, or else it’s so soft, I’m not often sure I heard right.
The Jesus I used to picture looked like a young Max Von Sydow in The Greatest Story Ever Told, and his expressions appeared more posed or acted than honestly human.
But now he's beginning to look more like Eric.
Eric possessed by Jesus, I can adore.
I still see him.
I can watch the lines of his face change as I tell him about my fears or longings.
I can hear him speak thoughtful words.
Fear v. Love
While speeding on Interstate 5 north out of Sacramento past orchards and pastures, with long miles between the small towns, I think back to my talk with Toni, the part about suffering from panic attacks.
During five of those hard years, while I taught in Chico, I often drove this highway to visit writer friends in San Francisco.
This part of I-5 terrified me, with visions of a sudden attack that would deny me control over my mind or body, leaving me helpless and miles from the closest nurse or doctor.
For no good reason except the fear of fear, my heart would race, my lungs and throat constrict, my hands become slick with sweat.
I couldn’t run because I couldn’t breathe.
I couldn't fight, because the enemy was me.
The first time, a few years before, I landed at County Mental Health in San Diego.
A doctor prescribed valium, which barely helped.
For months I lived in abject fear.
Of losing my mind.
Of my heart giving out.
I remembered the faces my dad used to make as he fumbled in his pocket for his stash of nitroglycerin, with every muscle straining at once as if the strain was all that held him together.
Panic attacks work like this: adrenalin kicks in when it has no business doing so.
Because it’s so unwarranted, the fight or flight response it unleashes causes a paralyzing sort of fear, which spirals upward into what feels like the beginning of eternal torment.
While under the spell of that malady, I came upon 1 John 4:18 in the King James version: “There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment.
He that feareth is not made perfect in love.” I can testify that fear has torment, even that fear is torment.
And since I suffered and recovered from panic attacks, I feel qualified to offer a remedy.
Back then, I often read The Daily Word, which frequently repeated the message, “Let go and let God.” What we churchgoing folk might call surrender.
Surrender is the remedy, at least for panic attacks.
Maybe for everything.
As I pass the turnoff to my former home in Chico, I think, surrender must make perfect sense to anyone who adores God like Brother Lawrence did.
When we are around someone we adore, our defenses cave in, because the only thing we fear, the only thing that needs defending, is the communion with the one we adore.
If we adore God and live in His presence, we are in constant communion with the eternal, way beyond death.
So, what’s left to fear.
The enemy is truly us, in particular the defenses we have established between us and God.
Vanquish our defensive selves, we are set free.
One of the songs on my I-pod, "I Surrender All," has long been a favorite.
I listen, I sing along, I pray the lyrics, I perform the song accompanied by my guitar.
But somehow all that surrender doesn't quite work.
Maybe I'll start praying the words of a poem by Olga Savitsky, a friend who adored God.
She said so often, and she was honest above all, and she lived as much like Brother Lawrence as anybody I know, or know of, maybe excepting some of Mother Teresa's Missionaries of Charity.
Here's Olga's poem: Father, heart-melting Father, I have tried to let go of so many things.
Help me let go.
If I can of my own do nothing, I can of my own self let go of nothing.
I ask for the help of the Helper.
I ask for the Master-yielder to show me how to yield.
Jesus, Supreme of surrender Who obeyed unto death, You who proclaimed, "Not my will but Yours be done," Unless you say that through me, I will continue to march to the beat of my own heart.
Think through me Speak through me Obey through me.
Lord, Ordainer of obedience, I bow before You.
I adore you.
Adore through me.
And if You must, Sweat those drops of blood through me.
So be it.
The Danger of Watching Joan of Arcadia
In Oregon, I’m speeding alongside one of the many wide and glistening rivers and gazing across at concentric rows of emerald hills at intervals topped with lacy clouds when I catch myself admiring them to such a degree I could call it worship.
Then something reminds me to turn from worshiping the creation to worshiping its creator.
To adore a feeling or state of mind, such as the revelation of beauty in nature or the way a lover makes me feel, may involve nothing but selfishness.
But to adore the creator of that feeling, God for creating nature, a lover for giving me a piece of her heart, or parents for providing warmth and safety, that is appreciation, gratitude, untainted by the selfishness that all sin is made of.
Maybe if I practice this exercise, try to catch myself in each act of admiration, and turn my worship to the creator, I will gradually learn to adore God the father, and God the spirit.
But for now, my thoughts drift back to Eric.
I have tried, on this trip, to relive our whole two years of brotherhood.
And now I reconsider the fact that he didn’t die the moment his head rammed the boulder.
He lived for a day, during which we got confronted with the possibility that drove my story “Cars”, that he might live another sixty years without the use of his marvelous brain.
Or, a miracle might bring him back to life.
A whole new question arises.
What if, while Eric lay comatose, he was given once more the choice to live, as I'm coming to believe he was given the choice before leaving for the desert in Kenny’s mom’s Volkswagen?
If Kenny were still alive, I would ask him to describe, as best his memory would serve him, Eric’s expression and voice when he insisted they leave without Billy and me.
The Bible implies that Jesus, had he been a less than perfect, could have chosen another fate than crucifixion.
Only he chose trust his father’s will above his own, which was limited by his humanity, as ours is, in spades.
Maybe twice, at least, Eric chose to die for me.
Still, because Eric didn’t create himself, to worship him would be like praising Hamlet rather than Shakespeare.
Besides, if Eric died for me, it probably wasn’t the human in him, but the Christ.
So I will take care not to worship Eric, only adore him.
I wonder if I have been stricken by acute anthropomorphism.
Maybe I should give up watching my Joan of Arcadia CD collection.
In Jammin’ Jim’s Neighborhood
Bob Williams enjoys creating nicknames.
An alias he gave himself is Jammin’Jim.
How it fits, I haven’t a clue.
He calls my little girl Zoë Dot Dot.
By the time I reach Portland, I’m thinking more about my Zoë than about Brother Lawrence.
Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.
On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.
So Bob and I head out for a day of whacking golf balls into the marshes beneath some snowcapped peaks across the Columbia River in Washington.
Because Portland’s main attractions are its brewery pubs, after golf we stop at one of them.
On two of the too many televisions is the women’s college softball World Series.
I watch the pitchers, studying their moves.
Zoë is a softball pitcher too.
She was the ace of her eight and under team.
The season just ended a few weeks ago.
For a project in her second grade class, she wrote and illustrated a book, which her teacher bound, entitled The Fast Friendly Pitcher’s Bad Remembering Day.
I suppose if I live another thirty years, my eyes will still mist when I think of my girl as the fast friendly pitcher.
University of Arizona, whom I count as my team since I taught there for several years, is leading University of Hawaii when we leave, on account of a book signing.
My friend Alan, with whom I’ve partnered for a lot of book signings, likes to hound me about a remark I once made, “There’s no such thing as a bad signing.” Well, by now I’ll admit that there is such a thing.
But most often, even if you don’t sell many books, interesting stuff happens.
And you never can tell when you’ll get blessed.
Or challenged.
Or both.
A woman of kind and friendly demeanor comes into Chapters, a coffee shop bookstore in Newberg, Oregon, about a half hour from Portland.
I’ll call this woman Curly.
Though she's older than most college students, as her sweatshirt is lettered “George Fox,” I ask if she goes to nearby George Fox University.
She gives me a rather wistful smile.
“I used to.” Since I know some history of the Quakers, from having attended a year of Quaker meetings while in Chico, I ask if the college is Quaker.
“The founders were,” she says.
We talk about the college, which she had loved.
Then her friend joins us.
She too is small, attractive and friendly.
I’ll call her Sweet (since Sweety or Sweetheart might sound demeaning).
She too attended George Fox.
Our talk drifts from the varieties of modern Quakers to the benefits and hazards of churches in general.
That last topic becomes the lead-in to her story.
No sooner has she begun the telling, than Curly wanders off.
Later I'll notice her on a couch close by, reading a book, or maybe pretending while she keeps watch over her friend, who no doubt is considered wacky by many, for reasons her story will clarify.
A few years ago, she began to feel that something evil was inside her.
“It wasn’t demonic,” she assures me.
And it isn’t any part of her basic nature, she believes.
Over some months, through prayer and meditation, she came to believe that evil itself had invaded the world and entered people, and God had allowed this to happen, which led her to a certainty that we are now living in the world’s final days.
Powered by these revelations, she prayed with intensity and perseverance.
And God responded by urging her to give herself entirely to him.
She assured him she was all his.
For some weeks, he allowed her to rest on that answer, but more and more she became uneasy with it, until she realized she didn’t by any means belong entirely to God.
Most of her thoughts, concerns and energies went to her family.
She was the mom of three wonderful kids and the wife of a loving husband.
In horror, she returned to intense and persistent prayer, telling God he couldn’t possibly mean she should leave her family, could he?
Rather than reply with words, he used silence, like Tae Kwon Do Master Jeong used to do when one of us students offered an excuse for not training often enough.
For weeks she waited, listened, and prayed God would at last reply that he had only been using the method through which he tested Abraham’s willingness to obey at any cost.
Once she declared herself ready to forsake her family, he would release her from the need to do so.
But he didn’t release her.
She gathered together her husband and kids, all of whom she adored and treasured.
The kids were age 9, 12, and 15.
She told them she needed to leave.
At first they didn’t believe her.
Then they cried.
By now, she had been gone three years.
Over that time, she attended several churches and felt compelled to tell her story, since God wants his people to share our burdens with one another.
At two churches she was informally but firmly shunned.
The third church she was asked to leave.
Though she didn’t explain, I suppose her expulsion resulted from her theory about evil being inside us all or from the fear she would infect the congregation with notions that could lead to an epidemic of broken marriages.
At the end of her story, Curly comes over and gives her friend some reasons they need to move along.
Before they leave, Curly reaches down and rubs my shoulder.
As more evidence that I’m slow to catch on, I’ll admit that not until I’m on my way, in the rain, to Seattle, do I realize Curly’s touch was the physical part of a blessing.
She blessed me for listening to her friend’s whole story, apparently without passing judgment.
Zoë Dot Dot
While driving I’m inclined to find fault with others who have the gall to use the same road I do at the same time.
Especially if they are these fellows who have surrouned me on I-5 north of Vancouver, Washington.
In the rain, with their semis, they spray torrents at my windshield.
But recalling that yesterday I got blessed for choosing not to judge, I begin to practice understanding these truck drivers’ concern for time and distance.
Soon I notice that when I go into critical mode, my awareness of the proximity to God shuts down.
Praise, love, adore, perhaps even admire or commiserate with someone, God joins in.
Condemn, I’m on my own.
So, I have found a new rule to live by: the more I criticize or judge, the less the Holy Spirit cares to hang with me.
Who could blame her?
When the traffic spreads out, I find time to think about the story I heard at Chapter’s Books, and about how I would answer God if he told me to ditch Zoë.
The first words that come to mind are, “Get lost, please.” I listen to my I-pod until a song reminds me, if I hope to achieve the peace Brother Lawrence lived in, I need to surrender.
I think about Olga's poem and begin to doubt I should pray those words.
After all, Olga had no kids.
If God asked me to surrender Zoë, not just deliver her into his care in some spiritual sense, but say to give her up, send her to live with her mother or grandma, I believe I would rescind any surrender pledge I had made.
Meaning I’m probably light years from honest to God surrender.
And perhaps I’m light years from devoting myself to communion with God.
Even on lesser matters than Zoë, such as writing books and building the Perelandra College writing programs (another of my obsessions), I hesitate to cut back in order to devote more time to communing with God.
Even during these meditative times on the road, since Pismo Beach I have devoted as much to thoughts of the book that will come of the journey as to whether it all will help me live more like Brother Lawrence.
I wonder, if I were given the choice between writing a wonderful book or achieving deeper communion, which would I choose?
The woman I call Sweet still haunts me.
I imagine if some good Christian folks would suggest that God might have sent her to me, others would assure me she was in the devil’s employ.
Whether she came from God, the devil, or by pure coincidence is academic to me.
If instead of her, Father Abraham would’ve appeared and reminded me that he was willing to not only surrender his son but to impale and burn his own child, I wouldn’t for a moment consider following his lead, even as far as the give her up part.
These days, with my big kids and Pam off in the world on their own, Zoë is my only real treasure.
Around the time she was born, I often wrote for the San Diego Reader.
My editor asked me for a story they would call “Old Man, New Baby”.
Here is a condensed version: It could be a gender difference, or an individual one.
All I know is that I never thought much about having kids until I had one.
Laura, my first wife, wanted kids.
So when they weren’t happening, being the agreeable fellow I can be now and then, I got a simple operation and zap.
The greatest surprise of my life has been the transformation of my heart the day my daughter joined us in the outer world.
Back up.
I had been a sensitive, affectionate kid, as kids go, until I hit adolescence and people started dying.
My grandpa.
My great grandma.
My other grandpa.
Uncle Charlie.
My dad.
Uncle Eddie.
Aunt Mary.
Uncle Fenton.
My other grandma.
And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.
After Eric died, I took a vow.
I would love nobody.
Then neither death nor desertion could hurt me.
The attitude worked, except it doomed my marriage and helped make me crazy.
When Darcy arrived, the sight of her instantly flushed my heart of that vow against loving.
I would sooner have risked any torment than given up my bond with that perfect little girl.
I became a different fellow.
Once you start loving, you can’t just direct it where you please.
Love has a mind of its own.
Our marriage was already rocky when we decided to go for another kid.
Laura wanted another and I agreed, though a counselor we tried working with contended that until we had resolved certain issues, another child would hardly be practical.
But practicality ranks at the bottom of my aptitude profile, just below biology and basketball.
We were vagabonds, back then.
When Darcy was two months old we moved to Iowa for my gradual school (for a definition of "gradual" see or read The World According to Garp, by John Irving who was my first professor there).
When Cody was two months old, we moved to Arizona for a teaching job I was offered.
Two years later, we moved to Chico, California for a job with more security, which we craved on account of the little ones.
But security only exists as a craving.
Even though the college in Chico gave me tenure, so they couldn’t have fired me unless I kidnapped the president or his wife or daughter, I had to leave it behind because Laura and I split apart and my kids, whom I loved more than life, health, art or anything, went to live in San Diego.
I tried commuting (1000 mile weekend trips) for a while but, feeling what I imagine was a similar emptiness to that of Mexicans who labor up here for their families in Mexico, I chucked the best job I’ll probably ever have and returned to San Diego.
In those first years back, the times I lived for were coaching Cody and the team during practices and ball games at Kuhlken Field, home of La Mesa National Little League.
Named after my dad since he had been president and organized the renovation of the field.
During our games, pulling for Cody, I came to understand why a father I knew dropped dead in the stands, when his heart failed while his son was pitching.
As teenagers, my kids carried on the family tradition of abject rebellion, to the degree that I wrote a Reader story about the Tough Love group I was attending weekly.
The year my kids began to climb out of the mud, I met Pam.
* Back when I had only one child, someone told me that two was as easy or easier than one.
Whoever said that ought to be gagged.
At least in my family, while one kid slept, the other wouldn’t.
When one behaved, the other raised hell.
Everything one gets, the other wants.
And so on.
(Read Mark Twain’s Roughing It to learn how this plays out in large Mormon families.)
I told Pam one kid would be plenty for me and suggested that even the one could wait until after I had rested for a couple years from raising Darcy and Cody, who by now were adults so admirable that just thinking about them often made me glow.
Several of my friends with grown kids had married younger women and right away gotten snipped, but I couldn’t deny Pam the experience of being a mother, knowing I might’ve remained a loveless semi-zombie without Darcy and Cody.
But neither was I going to insist that she have one.
As far as I could tell, Pam wanted a career more than a baby.
She wanted to teach at a college.
In first grade, she had decided to become a teacher.
Over thirteen years, K-8, she missed only two days of school, and those were unavoidable.
Her Christian school was showing an early film version of Tim LeHay’s Left Behind saga, and Pam couldn’t bear the sight of nice enough pastors getting left behind.
She won an academic scholarship to Pepperdine University and worked her way through two Masters degrees.
But to teach where she wanted to go, she needed a PhD.
A baby might stand in the way of her career, she believed, and I couldn’t argue.
Besides, with a little good fortune and without the cost of another dependent, as soon as Darcy and Cody finished college I could take early retirement from my day job and devote myself to writing, which had been my dream for too many years.
I longed for the freedom to run off for weeks at a time to some hermitage where I could think better and write with deeper concentration.
I harbored a suspicion that my writing career has always been stopped at the edge of a breakthrough by distracting worries, usually about family and finances.
Most of all, I wanted to feel our marriage was, if not secure, then solid.
In the beginning, we clashed in both measly and crucial ways.
She slept late, I rose early.
She was a vegan.
And a poet, and poets often thrive on spontaneity while novelists require a heavy dose of routine, if we’re to finish those windy monsters.
After a year, Pam returned to school.
Two schools--Bethel Seminary for yet another Masters degree and U.C.
Riverside for a PhD in Comparative Literature.
And at those schools, when she met a new crowd of young folks just launching out toward their dreams, she wondered how much she had given up by marrying a fellow who already thought about retiring, which caused me to wonder in turn if I should I steel myself to prepare for another breakup?
And should I make sure that if it came I wouldn’t again have to slog through the morass of missing my kid.
Pam continued vacillating.
One month she would talk about our child-to-be.
The next month, she would find any such talk distasteful and contend that that her schoolwork was all her mind could process.
No kid until she passes her exams, I resolved.
Last October, she passed them with distinction.
The dissertation would take a year or two but, hoping she could read and write a little while pregnant and while caring for a baby, I suggested that now was the time, if ever.
Sure, celebrities and other billionaires father kids when they’re ancient, but they can afford nannies who take screaming babies for walks in the park, and they can ship the kids off to boarding schools when as teenagers they metamorphose into demons.
My big kids are great, and I mean great in the most literal sense.
Darcy, the artist who could draw better at three years old than I could when she was three and I was thirty three, majored in painting and photography in college and graduated then worked as a newspaper designer but soon turned to teaching.
She teaches fifth grade kids so underprivileged that not one in her last year’s class of twenty-seven had ever participated in an organized sport.
She loves the kids, so she’s always developing some new method, like creating a bi-weekly newspaper and having them write columns on their favorite subjects or assigning them to design their dream house and using the assignment to teach basic geometry.
In summer, at the Boy’s and Girl’s Club, she teaches art to teenagers, most of them troubled or in trouble.
Darcy’s great because her giant’s heart is open and she uses her brains and imagination in generous ways.
And Cody’s one of those most-rare people who have all the tools.
He’s strong, smart, industrious, and even handsomer than his dad.
He’ll graduate with a B.A.
next year with near-perfect grades and two minors, in Latin and Spanish.
Still, his greatness, the character trait that makes me hope someday we’ll find a President like him, is his devotion to do whatever is good and right, though it might be the hardest way.
A question.
How, given the world’s need for such people and his belief that his young wife’s gifts will make her a mother able to lavish her child with love and wisdom, could a man who, when a novice parent, helped create and develop two such excellent beings as Darcy and Cody decline to make and help raise one more.
After the exams, written and oral, Pam got euphoric and believed she couldn’t fail at anything.
If she wanted to be a mom, she could do it.
And, she said on account of my kids, it appeared I had good genes.
So we decided to get to work.
Mighty pleasant work, which we’re both apparently competent at.
According to the pre-natal calculations, our little girl--Zoë Ada Fox Kuhlken--got conceived during the week after Pam’s last exam.
All my adult life, I have worked to support other people.
I don’t mind day jobs or sharing what I earn.
But my day job performance suffers when my mind veers off to the stories I want to get home and write, and I suspect my stories could be richer, more passionate and imaginative, more intuitive and maybe inspired, if they didn’t always get interrupted by my day job.
Sure, Franz Kafka was an office worker and William Blake a printer, but Kafka didn’t live very long and Blake had no kids.
Anyway, those guys were geniuses.
Not me.
So I worried, would the baby help squash my writer’s dreams.
People heard I was going to be a father again and asked, "So how old will you be when the baby turns eighteen?"
or "What if you die?"
She’s a girl, the doctor said, and I reasoned a girl might be quieter, a little more gentle than a boy.
Knowing her sex made her more real.
For the first time, I started getting pictures.
I saw her as thin, pale skinned and strong like her mom, with reddish hair of a peculiar henna-like tint.
Her eyes were bright and inquisitive, her mouth ever-ready to speak.
"Oh Lord," I gasped because my heart was melting.
A friend once asked me, "Do you think we can grow as much emotionally without having a child as we can with one?"
All I could say was that my kids taught me how to love and, at twenty-six and twenty-three, they’re still teaching me.
And with Zoë on her way, I found myself noticing people on sidewalks or in restaurants, imagining their lives and sending them good wishes, sometimes prayers.
More often than before, I noticed hummingbirds, horizons, occotillos.
Spring was the most glorious in years.
I was feeling more all the time.
In 1945, the year I was born, my grandma, Mary Durham Garfield, wrote this poem:
LIVING MONUMENTS Far rather would I pass away And leave a noble son of mine Whom I had taught to love the fine, The just and honest, in his day To serve the world with courage bold, Than have my life on granite told.
I’d rather feel when death is near That in my children I shall live.
No monument of stone can give Me greater glory, year by year, Than sons and daughters going on In truth and honor, when I’m gone.
Who leaves a noble son on earth, A noble daughter, sweet and pure, Has monuments that long endure.
No shaft can give her greater worth.
The luster of her children’s deeds Is all the monument she needs.
I dream of a heaven where Mary, my beloved grandma, can meet my Zoë.
She is a blessing of inestimable worth, a beauty with a noble round face and hundreds of expressions, and she’s strong, with the same broad shoulders and barrel chest as her weight-lifting brother.
Twice lately I have encountered the same Bible verse, from the prophet Joel.
"I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophecy, your old men shall dream dreams."
Zoë’s mom, though a little weakened and weary, looks ecstatic as though dancing in a circle of angels, and I am caught up in a love bigger than before.
I want to cradle my new daughter (very carefully), forever.
All at once, I want to hold Zoë, Pam, Darcy, Cody, my cousins, ancestors, descendants.
God and everybody.
Me v. God
As it appears I’m too attached to the world to live for and with God like Brother Lawrence did, I try to console myself by thinking of one of my favorite writers, Andre Dubus.
In “A Father’s Story”, he tells about Luke, a horse breeder who attempts to live in God’s will yet finds himself needing to choose between what he believes is right in God’s eyes and his daughter’s well-being.
He chooses for the daughter.
I confess to finding myself more sympathetic with Luke than with the patriarch Abraham.
Soren Kierkegaard calls Abraham the Knight of Faith, a fellow so sure of God that even the idea of questioning a command to murder his own son was unthinkable.
Good for him.
Honest.
Luke the horse breeder, I can admire, and Eric I can adore, in part because I know their flaws, their humanity.
Luke's are exposed in "A Father's Story".
Eric's I can remember, and for reminders, I have his report cards.
Adoring a human may require us to have developed beyond pure selfishness.
Yet once that's accomplished, the task seems to come naturally.
But, at my level, even attempting to adore God is calling for plenty of effort.
Which I'm beginning to see as the point of this trip I had thought was meant to sell books.
Still, if God asks me to give up Zoë, I'll fight him.
My friend Diane Otocar, a lay sister with Mother Teresa’s Missionaries of Charity, told me about a fellow who asked Mother what he should do for her and her ministry.
“Do you have a family?” she asked.
“I do,” he admitted.
She said, “First, take care of your family.” "So there," I mumble.
Out of all the people since Jesus, I can’t think of any whose advice I should trust more than Mother Teresa’s.
But I know we humans can talk ourselves into or out of most anything.
Books
One reason I decided to arrange a book signing in Seattle was so I could visit Jaime and Mark Baird and meet their one-year-old Gavin.
Not long ago, Mark did a tour as an Army psychologist in Iraq.
Jaime recently earned a Master of Arts degree from Perelandra College, which Pam and I founded about eight years ago, and which I essentially run.
The college is one of the occupations that keeps me rushing around, the condition that originally clued me I should read Brother Lawrence.
Pam and I believed God was asking us to found the college to make a place for people in general and Christians in particular who wanted to become writers to discover what they honestly believe, and to write with courage from their unique visions.
Thinking of Jaime, I can’t begin to lament the virtually endless hurdles we've been called upon to jump in order to earn and maintain the college’s licensing, accreditation and the rest.
Jaime's thesis is superb.
A novella about a young woman whose Christian parents, when their daughter finds herself in extreme trouble, appear more concerned with remaining in accord with their church than with helping or even trying to understand their daughter.
Its honesty touches my heart.
Jaime and I spend a day roaming the city, with an hour stop at the Seattle Mystery Bookstore, which played a role in the final scene of Road Kill, an account of a book tour my friend Alan and I did together.
At several of the tour stops, including Seattle and Portland, Mike Connelly joined us.
Since then, Mike has become an international bestseller.
Alan hasn’t.
Neither have I, probably for many reasons concerning craft, background, personality, genre and such.
But I still have to wonder if God’s hand might play a role in my lack of whopping success.
Maybe he knows lots of money would turn me from a rascal into a scoundrel, more self-absorbed than ever.
I wonder if Brother Lawrence, had he become Pope, would have practiced the presence of God so well.
He wasn’t even a priest or a monk.
He was a lay brother.
A cook in a monastery.
Even if I can't let go of Zoë, I could more thoroughly rid myself of ambition.
Maybe I should give up writing.
Or hand over Perelandra College to someone.
Spend more time growing vegetables and cooking from scratch, like Brother Lawrence did.
Toni Torrey could give me gardening and cooking lessons.
For lessons in devoting myself to communion with God, besides contemplating Brother Lawrence, I can turn to Olga.
Peace
Olga Savitsky was a poet.
We met at a small church charismatic enough so that nobody minded when she stood in the midst of a service and offered her latest poem.
Long ago, Olga had discovered that what she needed most was God.
She would hike and pray her way up Cowles Mountain, a mile and a half of rocky trail, then call her best friend Warren so they could pray together, sometimes for hours.
Then she might go to work, cleaning somebody’s home while listening to worship music.
God, God, God.
Here is another of her poems, a simple one I’m choosing because you can also find it on Youtube, read by my Zoë: Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
You are my nightlight.
Good night, good night, good night.
When it’s time to go to bed And yucky thoughts are in my head, I quickly start to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
You are my nightlight.
Good night, good night, good night.
When I wake up in the night And I don’t feel all right, I quickly begin to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
You are my nightlight.
Good night, good night, good night.
For several years, I wrote a weekly column for the San Diego Reader.
The nominal topic was people and their cars.
One story was about Olga: Lately even George Bush talks of conservation and cutting our reliance on middle east oil.
So I’m convinced it’s time we ask ourselves if living more like Olga Savitsky wouldn’t be preferable to the way we are living.
Olga is a minimalist.
Though plenty educated (holding a Master of City Planning degree) and able to follow a more lucrative career, she chooses to work cleaning houses.
She shares an apartment and pays less than $400 for rent and utilities, in a pleasant neighborhood near a commercial district.
On most of her errands, she can walk.
When she needs to drive, she uses her 1994 Toyota Tercel.
She tells me, “It’s not like a sacrifice.
I just don’t need much.
A person with a family needs more than I do.
Usually what somebody needs depends upon their function.
A corporate CEO, maybe he’s got to throw parties and he needs a bigger house.
But I don’t throw parties, so what good is a big house to me?
The only reason I’d want one is because the media tells me I ought to have one.
We see all this stuff and the desire to have some gets aroused and commercials come on and convince us we need it all, until we’re beyond debt and into distress.” Olga wears jeans and T-shirts.
“That’s all I own.
They’re comfortable, they last.
I just bought two new pairs of jeans for $16 each, and they’ll last two years.
To me, the key to living well is living in a way that gives an opportunity for appreciating nature and friends and taking time for prayer and writing and helping people.
And unless you inherit a pile of money, the way to live like that is to not want a lot of stuff.
Most stuff is just clutter.
But our culture feeds the desire to own or consume until what we think we need makes us greedy.
“The Bible says that we should work so we’ll have something to share with people in need.
I can work for a few days a week and by not letting myself want a bunch of stuff, I can have money to give away.
So I’m careful about what I buy, and I pick the things I do buy for durability and longevity.
I need a car, so I buy a Toyota.
If I needed a car that would break down, I could buy a Jaguar.
“And it isn’t only the desire for stuff that devours our time.
It’s also that we try to buy security.
People think they need to not only have lots of stuff, but to save or invest or buy some insurance so they’ll be sure they’ll always have lots of stuff.
We need a bit more faith.
I mean, I don’t have AAA or any kind of roadside service insurance because every time a car of mine has broken down, it’s been a block or so from my mechanic’s house.
Except one time.
“The one time my car broke down in an inconvenient place, a guy stopped to help me, and he happened to be the handsomest man I ever saw.
Maybe he was an angel.
I don’t know.
But it sure was fun breaking down.”
With the time Olga didn’t spend laboring for the sake of acquiring stuff or treating herself to luxuries, along with writing and prayer, she attended gatherings of all kinds where she could meet folks who needed her to teach, or console, or pray with them.
She chose to live much like Jesus, who passed through the world keeping a lookout for people he could help.
The Secret
I could use Olga’s comment that a family or business person might need a bigger house to justify my bigger house.
I have a daughter and a business, the college.
Or two businesses.
Agents, publishers and others encourage us writers to consider our work a business.
Like Brother Lawrence, Olga didn’t urge anybody to retire to a monastery, only to try to stay in as close contact to God as they could in their own place and position.
Besides Eric and Olga, Mother Teresa has taught me plenty.
Judith Moore, a wise and benevolent editor at the San Diego Reader, sent me to Tijuana to report on the Missionaries of Charity seminary there.
I spent a few glorious days talking to the brothers.
I found them the kindest, most generous, least self-concerned group I have ever encountered.
But they were also the happiest of people, which I couldn’t make sense of, until one afternoon when a mob of locals came to pick up groceries.
These folks lived in a shantytown on the bank of an oily swamp I call the Black Lagoon.
The neighborhood is so poor that when my cousin and I delivered a rusted tool shed to one of the families, they used it as a granny flat.
I was helping the Brothers pass out vegetables when I got blessed with a feeling so profound, the recollection of it still uplifts me.
These people I was helping, though not on my own but as a paid reporter, were blessing me.
Like Curly did at Chapters Books.
And like Mother Teresa blessed me.
One Saturday a few years back, my friend Diane called.
As a lay Missionary of Charity, she knew, and whispered to me, that Mother was around, visiting the MC houses in Tijuana and San Diego, in secret like she did, since she preferred not to get mobbed.
The MCs rise early.
Diane said Mother would attend Sunday mass at St. Jude's church at 7 a.m. After a late night at a birthday party up the coast, I staggered from bed to my car and blearily followed Diane's directions.
St. Jude's is near downtown San Diego, in an old flatland neighborhood of two bedroom homes, vintage Chevrolets so lowered so that sparks fly from underneath, plentiful thrift stores, corner groceries and at least one storefront church on every block.
Mother Teresa's secret had gotten out.
People in orange vests directed traffic.
In the parking lot, vendors sold oranges, onions, tapes and CDs in Spanish.
I didn't see any Mother Teresa dolls, but I was half asleep.
At 6:30 the church was crowded, standing room only.
I found a place against the west wall near the front section, where the seats were reserved for MC sisters in their white saris.
They are mostly small brown women with eyes so bright, at first glance they could pass for children.
Up front, across from me was a small choir accompanied by a guitar and electric keyboard.
They sang folk style hymns like “Change my heart oh God, make it ever new, change my heart oh God, make me be like you.” I leaned against the wall observing the congregation, vaguely aware that my heart sorely needed to change, since that morning my pastime was criticism.
I grumbled inaudibly at the people who crowded, trying to position themselves for a clear view of Mother Teresa's approach.
I disdained the TV camera bearers who nudged the rest of us aside as if the front row was their birthright.
Watching the choir, I wondered if the women wearing doilies on their heads believed the accessory would meet the spirit of Saint Paul's admonition that women should keep their heads covered in church.
Alert for any sign of humbug or hypocrisy, I noted that one of the priests who chanted a responsorial psalm sounded much like a particularly off key karaoke singer at a late night Chinese restaurant I had endured for the sake of chow mein.
When Mother Teresa entered at the rear of a procession of sisters and escorts, I sneered at the rubber-neckers, asking myself why these folks didn't comprehend that to worship a human offended God.
The question was rhetorical.
Obviously, people acted so boorishly because they weren't as cool or enlightened as me.
During mass, I considered the priest's accent monotonous and uninspired, as though after forty years of mouthing the same lines, it all sounded to him like blah blah blah.
Attending Catholic services, communion tries my patience, as I'm not allowed to participate.
But while a young woman read, “He took bread, gave thanks and broke it and gave it to them, saying, ‘This is my body given for you.
Do this in remembrance .
.
.’” and the choir chanted, “Sing hallelujah to the Lord” a breath of Spirit touched me.
Through all the minutes while wafers got distributed, I heard a small voice reminding me that I ought to pluck the log out of my own eye.
So I was slightly less mean by the time Mother Teresa walked to the altar.
In strong yet gentle English, she said, “Let us ask Our Lady to give us her heart, so that we will offer service to the poorest of the poor.” Neither weathered skin nor stooped shoulders could alter the beauty she exhibited, as she recited from the Gospel of Matthew.
“Whatever you did for the least of these brothers of mine you did for me.” Her eloquence depends upon simplicity and a talent for repeating for emphasis without condescension.
Her message always expresses or implies that by serving the poorest of the poor, the MCs minister to Christ in his distressing disguise.
This morning she quoted, “For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me."
She only spoke a few minutes, yet three times she asked that we pray for the MCs and the poorest of the poor.
I joined the receiving line.
As those of us standing went first, it only took a few minutes, during which I received the clarity to recognize that God, the source of all power, only works through people who stand aside and let him.
Mother Teresa has built a mighty force of little, brown, meek, powerful women, because she knows and practices the art of humility, as perfectly as anyone I've witnessed.
Her ego vanishes.
God fills the vacuum.
One of her warm hands touched mine and the other pressed my forehead.
She smiled as poignantly as though I were her son, and her greatness revealed itself instantly.
Because I realized that although she earned a Nobel prize and is frequently called a living Saint, she considers herself no better than me.
Talk about humility.
The Commandment
A song reminds me of 1 John 3:23, “This is his commandment, to believe in the name of his son, Jesus, and to love one another as he commanded us.” Again I think about the power of a single word to change us, and redirect our lives, and perhaps give us the ability to change others and the world.
But I suspect it’s not likely to do so unless we stop and wrestle with its meanings.
In an essay on writing short stories, Andre Dubus advised that when we get stuck, instead of stopping or attempting to go forward, we should try going deeper.
On this trip, I have attempted to deepen my understanding of the word “adore.” Now I’m trying to do the same with some words in John’s admonition, because I feel my mind or the Spirit telling me that everything we need to know to live in goodness and beauty may be contained in those few lines.
John tells us to “believe in” the name of the Son.
While at a glance this could be taken to mean we should simply believe that Jesus existed, it doesn’t.
Because “believe in” denotes more than credulity.
“Believe in” means to fully trust.
And here we’re not called to believe in “Him” but to believe in His name.
As “name” in the Biblical context refers to character, John is calling us to fully trust in the character of Jesus Christ.
When we believe in, fully trust certain people, if we have any sense, we will follow their example and not only take what advice they offer but actively seek every piece of wisdom we can wrest out of them.
If I want to become a baseball star, I should look for a coach or mentor whose character and lessons I can believe in.
If I believe in Mother Teresa, I should read about her and talk to those who knew her and attend to whatever I learn.
To the extent that we follow Christ’s example, give of our selves, our time and resources to help people in need, allow time away from the crowds to contemplate and pray, put aside our self concerns and turn to concern for others, our minds and hearts get invaded and possessed by the Holy Spirit.
And in that condition, the world transforms before our eyes.
For passing out food, clothing or loving concern we always get blessed, and while we live with a blessed attitude, the most bedraggled people may appear possessed of astonishing beauty, as God must see them.
When we follow the example of Jesus, through his blessing we begin to perceive the glorious reality of all creation.
In other words, we enter heaven in all its beauty.
Beauty
James 4: 17 in the King James declares, “Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.” The New International Version reads “Anyone, then, who knows the good he ought to do and doesn’t do it, sins."
The New American Standard’s version is, “Therefore, to one who knows the right thing to do and does not do it, to him it is sin.” Put these translations together, they insist that to do good is the right thing and what we ought to do.
But even in consort, they don’t explain why we ought to do good or why we should avoid sin.
We could infer we should do it because God said so, but to some of us, that answer feels unworthy.
Pastor Ed Noble suggested an answer that rings more complete.
The word translated "the right thing" or “the good” or what we “ought to do” is the Greek kalos in the accusative case, more naturally translated as "beautiful".
So what we ought to seek is "the beautiful" or "to do the beautiful".
One reason I would rather seek the beautiful than the good is because I can know with more confidence when I have encountered it.
When I first read the John Keats poem, “Ode on a Grecian Urn” I got both enthralled and challenged by the lines “Beauty is truth, truth beauty.
That is all we know on earth and all we need to know.” I believe those words are inspired, expressing deep though mysterious wisdom.
Bible translators may avoid the word "beauty" because too many readers might interpret in ways akin to the ’60s motto, “If it feels good, do it.” In my vocabulary, "beautiful" describes a harmony that suggests the eternal.
Such beauty may harbor sadness, or even a terrifying dread.
It speaks to us of what Robert Pirsig, in Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance terms Quality, and which he proposes as the principle in charge of the cosmos.
I read somewhere that Dostoyevski once asserted: even if he knew for a fact God didn’t exist, he would continue to believe.
If he did make that apparently loco remark, I would bet he was trying to express the beauty to which communion with God can lead us.
Like today, when I find myself delivered far beyond the ordinary, into a realm where the glory of simple hills and pastures, of cows and bluebirds, is such that I know why the prophets described heaven as jeweled and paved in gold.
Father Zossima in The Brothers Karamazov relates this kind of beauty.
Before his conversion, in the aftermath of a duel, “’Gentlemen,’ I cried suddenly, speaking straight from my heart, ‘look around you at the gifts of God, the clear sky, the pure air, the tender grass, the birds; nature is beautiful and sinless, and we, only we, are sinful and foolish, and we don’t understand that life is heaven, for we have only to understand that and it will at once be fulfilled in all its beauty, and we shall embrace each other and weep.’”
Darkness
For the first time in weeks, a deep sadness grips me.
Where is it coming from, I wonder?
After a while, I give up wondering and pray for an answer.
When no answer arrives, I decide to track my thoughts backward, which leads me to the source, which was a recognition that I had lived much of my life in the aftermath of a grievous mistake.
If I hadn't been so stubborn, if I had trusted God from the time I first believed, I might've spent all these years in a richer world, maybe not living every moment in the kingdom of heaven, but residing close enough so I could visit more regularly.
And I might've done a lot of good for other people.
In this sorry condition, I decide that my darkest sin, the one so loathsome I should never stop grieving over it, isn't any of the wicked stuff I have thought or done.
My darkest sin is failing to do all the thousands of good works I could have done for people.
All because I was willful and didn't allow myself to truly love them.
Some folks would assure me this sadness and guilt means a spiritual battle is raging.
As I tried to enter the kingdom of God, demons escalated their assaults on my soul.
Maybe.
To fight off the sadness, I employ my I-pod.
During a pause after the Hallelujah Chorus, which always reminds me of Eric gliding through the corridors of Helix High School, a revelation comes.
My kids have taught me to love.
But that lesson isn’t an end.
Rather, it’s a beginning.
Loco
No doubt some readers will agree with my friend Don Merritt and wonder why I’m allowed on the loose.
I had a blog called Writing and the Spirit which I suspect Don read so that, at the least mention of any Christian thought or word, he could express his horror.
In response to a post about Michelangelo having devoted his last years motivated by the idea that his work could assure his salvation, Don wrote: “I still cannot believe that the Ken I knew in the old days can use these phrases [win his salvation, eternal life, the principles Jesus taught] with a straight face, that you really believe these odd, old, irrational superstitions.
Maybe you have already gone over the edge.” He could be right.
Even believers might think I am crazy, or worse.
I have often wondered if imagining Eric or Olga as my companion, confessing my sins and other secrets to them, is not only neurotic, but possibly blasphemous.
All I can give for an answer is: when Pam was in seminary, one evening she lamented, “Every time I come up with a good idea about some Biblical thing, a professor says ‘Oh yes, that was the so and so fallacy, which was ruled heretical by this or that council in .
.
.” Whereas Don Merritt thinks I’m crazy, I prefer the word loco, which in my vocabulary means something less judgmental.
More like wacky.
Still, if don't write and share these loco thoughts of mine, not as many people will get to know about Eric, and Olga.
No doubt Don will read my vision of Eric’s death as sacrifice and consider it a symptom of a narcissistic belief that the world revolves around me.
The problem I find with such an explanation is, it wouldn’t answer a single question about why Eric knew all he did.
So I’ll risk having friends like Don intervene to get me committed.
Because, even if I only saw a long shot chance that Eric died to rescue me, from death, from perdition, from a wasted life, or from a danger I can’t imagine, consider what a cold-blooded wretch I would have to be if I failed to give him his due.
And Olga was so beautiful, I won't allow her to be forgotten.
My Girl
At home after the trip’s longest drive, the whole length of California including the purgatorial L.A. freeways, when Zoë’s grandma leaves I think about waking my girl.
She has only been asleep a half-hour.
I decide to only contemplate her face for a minute then leave her be.
After all, we have years together, God willing.
But first thing tomorrow, I mean to tell her about my trip.
Not the whole story.
She can read that someday.
I’ll give her a short version, something like this: In a rest stop just north of Yreka, I walk down a hill to a bench where I sit and realize all that stands between me and pure joy, which is the Kingdom of Heaven, is me.
I watch white birds swooping and hovering over the Klamath River, and I think of their maker.
Then I watch a family, a couple and two daughters, strolling beside the river.
As I study them, one at a time my vision cuts deeper, and I see the creator alive in each of them.
And as I picture Jesus, I recognize some of His expressions.
Patience.
Forgiveness.
Loyalty.
Love.
I spend a while adoring God.
Nowhere near as much as He deserves.
But more now than before.
People
Something about my vision has changed, much like it did long ago, first when I got knocked out in Las Vegas and awoke overlooking a heavenly forest, and again on the bank of the Tia Juana river the morning after a Billy Graham crusade, when the world turned brighter.
Now, during and since my trip north, I often see people more clearly.
I'm better at seeing God in the sorrow of a destitute fellow, one of those folks Hank Williams called "men with broken hearts", or in the patient nod of a sales clerk as I decide whether to buy a magazine, or in a woman's kind smile.
When I need a break from work or chores, and sometimes while reading or praying, I sit on the back porch like my mom used to do.
The view was the reason she gave for not selling the house after I left home.
As I sit and gaze toward the Mexican border, I think of Eric, and how we used to peer through twilight and try to locate his home in the valley about five miles closer to Mexico.
Which reminds me of Sylvia and how the cruelty of the world drove her crazy, and I wonder if turning to Jesus might have cured her, if she had let him expel her bitterness.
Because for those who fail to discover peace and even joy in the midst of the cruelty, going mad is only sensible.
I imagine Eric sitting beside me, wearing the same face as after he pinned me to his living room floor, just before he coached me to believe in myself no matter the evidence that I was a loser.
Then the expression changes to the one I imagine him wearing when he told Kenny they needed to leave for the desert without Billy and me.
I get a crazy idea I have never considered before.
Because Eric and Olga would have loved each other, I bring Olga out of the air and onto the lounge chair beside Eric.
I give her the face of her last whole day, while she reclined on the couch in the office we were using as a church.
After some weeks of hideous pain and frustration that prayers weren’t healing her cancer, that morning she watched us with a deep serenity and graced us with outrageous love.
Now that I’ve coached myself to talk to Jesus in Eric and Jesus in Olga, and God in Jesus, not only does it no longer feel neurotic or blasphemous.
Instead, it seems just right.
Because the more I do this, and I do it most every time I pray, the more Olga and Eric appear to fade, almost as if they become part of the sky, until all that’s left are their beautiful faces, and then I lose sight of the faces and all that remains are the attitudes those faces reveal, and what I perceive is willingness to sacrifice for me and others.
Eric in his way, Olga in hers.
Jesus in his.
That I can’t see my best friends as clearly anymore tends to sadden me.
But even the sadness contains beauty.
Because as I lose them, my adoration turns toward what I have come to see better, which is Jesus.
Who is God.
Revising
While I’m writing all this from notes and memory, I decide to pick up my old hardback of Big Sur.
I still get moved by Jack Kerouac’s honesty and his pictures of the raw and terrifying beauty of people and things.
After reading about a drive from Big Sur into Monterrey, I go online and look up pictures of the two real people (to whom the book gives other names) on that drive, Kerouac and Neal Cassady.
Both men were remarkably handsome, some of God’s finest art, I think.
Then I remember a character from Ken Kesey’s Sometimes a Great Notion, and I realize that Kesey may have used Neal Cassady, a fellow of wild intellect and passion, and a legendary womanizer, as a prototype for his character Joe Ben.
Only he revised, changed his life, and made Joe Ben a real hero.
Remembering that Kesey and Cassady were friends, I look up some dates.
Sure enough, they met while Kesey was writing that novel, two years before it came out.
And no doubt he had read Kerouac's novels featuring Cassady, a.k.a.
Dean Moriarty et al.
In Sometimes a Great Notion, Joe Ben used to be, as a teen, so handsome and so enthralled by girls, he never could have stayed true to any one of them.
But a motorcycle crash disfigured his perfect face.
Still, his girlfriend sticks by him.
She becomes his wife and the mother of his kids.
And Joe Ben comes to believe that God had allowed that tragedy to save him from the fate of his father, who died a lonely, sex-obsessed drunk.
Joe Ben is the book’s endearing and admirable character, a humble Christian of supreme courage.
A vision, I believe, of what Cassady could have become had he overcome his demons.
So, I sit on my porch and dream myself back to the morning when Cliff and I woke up in a Tijuana riverbed.
Instead of what happened, I tell Cliff I’m going on the road to find Kerouac.
Then I drive Route 66 and the turnpike from Chicago, 3000 miles to the Left Bank Bar in Lindenhurst, Long Island, where Bobby Casso introduces Jack and me.
We talk about everything, including God and tequila, and at the right moment, I tell him about the light.
His eyes open wider.
Still in my dream, I'm back home when a postcard arrives, from Jack, who writes that he’s gone and found his daughter, Jan, who would otherwise also die young, and they’re going to live in peace, joy, and love, now and for eternity.
And they might help save Neal Cassady.
Shanghai
While going through my boxes of Eric’s treasures, I find myself hoping that somehow God, in eternity, will bless Sylvia in spite of her meanness.
I loved her, though in a guarded way.
I tried to help her, and she gave me plenty in return, most of it dark, but nevertheless worth pondering.
Each time we got together, we talked about books and ideas.
Here is the conclusion of her favorite poem, "The Night They Burned Shanghai":
Tonight Shanghai is burning, And we are dying too.
What bomb more surely mortal Than death inside of you?
For some men die by shrapnel, And some go down in flames, But most men perish inch by inch, In play at little games.
Sylvia helped me remember to vow I wouldn’t go down that way.
A while ago, a woman I enjoyed hanging out with accused me of being "serious."
I don't think it was a compliment.
I like to laugh, hear jokes and funny songs, whack golf balls back and forth across a fairway, cheer for teams and bring pleasant news wherever I can.
But I don't understand how we can fail to get serious when people are burning, starving, weeping and hopelessly perishing, and while deep down we know we're not all we could be, or doing all we could do.
In that, I'm like Sylvia Curtis.
Eternity
Philosopher and theologian Dallas Willard proposes that people who are right with God won't readily notice when they die, because they will already reside in the kingdom of heaven.
Though I can't second his proposal with assurance, I see evidence for it, as I believe I have spent time in the kingdom of heaven.
And if we can go there in this life, the difference might be as slight as crossing the state line into Oregon.
On my own, I won't propose anything about the after-life.
Observing and attempting to grasp this life is enough of a challenge.
But God will make justice come about somewhere, somehow.
Of that much I'm convinced.
Sylvia used to divide humanity into people of good will and the others.
I’ll use her term and ask, how could any person of good will, when confronted with plenty of evidence, circumstantial though it may be, refuse to at least hope for a God who with mercy resolves all the horrors of life here and now and makes justice happen in a golden and joyous eternity?
So be it.
These Days
I'm making more time for prayer and silence, and also to meet with other people.
I try harder to be kind, and to listen.
I find myself on the lookout for opportunities to give.
To make time for these pleasures, I have revised my priorities.
God and Zoë are on top.
Which comes first, I wouldn't admit even if I knew.
I read more and follow the lead of Flannery O'Connor, a Christian writer of some masterpieces.
She advises that at least every other book we pick up should engage our spirit, help us to better grasp God.
If a book proves difficult, like Kierkegaard's Works of Love, all the better.
My brain needs the exercise.
Since reading and wrestling with Brother Lawrence, I often I feel like a wanderer whose spirit longs for home, the way I felt upon waking long ago in the Desert Inn from a vision of heaven.
I tried to drop writing a couple priority levels, but that move didn't work.
As usual, a few days without writing, gloom started to creep in.
So I boosted writing back to number four.
Housekeeping rose a level, because I've discovered, like Olga did, that chores can be a swell time for contemplation.
If you come to visit, you might find me scrubbing a floor, or dicing beats, while listening to my I-pod.
If I don't notice your approach and look as if I'm talking to myself, don't worry.
I'm probably communing with Jesus, though he may be in disguise.
The End
Now, how about reading one or all of these books:
The Practice of the Presence of God, Brother Lawrence The Brother’s Karamazov, Feodor Dostoyevski.
Crime and Punishment, Feodor Dostoyevski Works of Love, Soren Kierkegaard The Spirit of the Disciplines, Dallas Willard
A Request from Hickey's Books on Behalf of the Author
If you appreciate the journey this book has offered,  please consider composing a brief review and posting to the online site of your choice.
Should the thought of writing a book review feel daunting, you can go here for simple guidelines.
Ken Kuhlken’s stories have appeared in Esquire and dozens of other magazines and anthologies, been honorably mentioned in Best American Short Stories, and earned a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship.
He has been a frequent contributor and a columnist for the San Diego Reader.
With Alan Russell, in Road Kill and No Cats, No Chocolate, he has chronicled the madness of book promotion tours.
His novels are Midheaven, a finalist for the Ernest Hemingway Award for best first novel, The Loud Adios (Private Eye Writers of America Best First Mystery Novel, 1989), The Venus Deal, The Angel Gang, The Do-Re-Mi (a finalist for the Shamus Award for Best PI Novel), The Vagabond Virgins, and The Biggest Liar in Los Angeles.
In Writing and the Spirit, he offers a wealth of advice to writers and everyone looking for inspiration.
He resides on the web at www.kenkuhlken.net, and teaches creative writing at Perelandra College, www.perelandra.edu
HICKEY’S BOOKS provides support and scholarships for the PERELANDRA COLLEGE WRITING PROGRAMS whose mission is to enrich popular literature and writers’ lives.
Please consider reading more of our books, which can be purchased through the links below.
Also from HICKEY’S BOOKS, www.hickeybooks.com
Road Kill, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors set out on a book tour, seeking fame and fortune, happily clueless about the darkness ahead.
No Cats, No Chocolate, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors launch an adventure with high hopes and dreams of winning the fame they're convinced they deserve, as guests on a national television show Shockabonda, by Olga Savitsky: Writers often imagine their ideal reader and compose accordingly.
The reader Olga Savitsky chose was God.
Since she wasn’t likely to fool her reader, she needed to be real,
The Gachi, by Susan Salguero: She wasn’t the only angry woman at U.C.
Berkeley.
Edgy but unaware of the reasons, she only knew she had to flee.
A passion for music delivered her to Spain.
There she staked her life on Flamenco
Million Dollar Man, by Jared Brown: A phone call from a neighbor reporting a suspicious character at his home sends Jared Brown, a family man and Christian psychologist, to jail and other places on the outskirts of hell.
The Parable of Harry Potter, by Nicole L. Rivera addresses each of the seven books of Harry’s story as guides to exploring life’s deepest truths.
Discover wisdom about friendship, courage, loyalty, and love from the Boy-Who-Lived and his magical friends.

﻿Gardner Remembers: The Lost Tapes an interview with Creole Myers (PLUS: Memphis musicologist, Linda Israel’s mini-biography of the man, “The Growth and Death of Buddy Gardner” Corey Mesler
Copyright © 2011 by Corey Mesler Pocketful of Scoundrel/SmashWords Edition www.pocketofscoundrel.wordpress.com www.kuboapress.wordpress.com
In thinking about the past, it’s important to decide how noisy it was.
Todd McEwen
she needs a shot of a very bored God.
Bob Dylan
The Growth and Death of Buddy Gardner by Dana Illsire © 1975
You know Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner from his later solo work, the early seventies stuff when he latched onto the singer/songwriter craze begun probably by Sweet Baby James.
You know him for his albums “Rain and Other Distractions” or “I Was a Child When Smaller.”  But this is the story of headier days, days when the Overton Park Shell was a magical place, the later rainbow implied.
When Buddy played lead guitar and sang for Black Lung, a blues rock band with a loyal Memphis following.
The late Lee Baker, a guitar god himself then, said about Buddy, “He was the best of us.
He was a seer, a prophet.
That later acoustic stuff is crap, of course, but with Black Lung, Buddy was tapped into something other.” Back then, Black Lung played the Shell regularly, maybe opening for Johnny Winter, or teaming up with Mudboy and The Expanding Head Band for a mini-festival that would start at dusk and stumble into the early morning hours like a dreamer looking for paradise.
Lot of medicine passed about in those days.
Lot of prescriptions from the hoodoo man.
It was the sixties, people, and in Memphis that meant The Strip, The Shell, The Bitter Lemon.
Buddy was known all those places.
Hell, Buddy was known everywhere in the River City.
This is the story of Buddy’s taint, the story of Buddy and his pact with the devil.
But Buddy had in him a black spot, fed by his desire to make it big, fed by ambition and greed and the sort of misdirected thinking which took Rolling Stone from the hands of the movement and placed it in the hands of the oppressors.
The commodifying of the sixties, if you will, as embodied by the soul of Buddy Gardner.
Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner, Memphis’ answer to Jerry Garcia, Memphis gift to the world, from integrity and precocity to sell-out.
So much is lost now, so little written down, so little recorded.
For those with the stamina to search it out, Black Lung made one album, released on the Pepper label, a little Memphis soul mixed in with their own acid-blues.
It was called Turntable Poison.
Some say it sounded like The Rascals crossed with Hot Tuna.
One cut comes to mind, a piece they played in every set at The Shell, the ballad, “Mr.
Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  On the LP they insisted on the extended version with Buddy’s long, side-handed solos, slick as molten lead and the twelve minute drum solo by Skippy Quetzalcoatl, effectively killing the album’s potential sales but insuring the group a spot in infamy alongside the lost tapes of Mudboy and the Neutrons and the missing five hours of von Stroheim’s Greed.
There was also the shorter, “Blues for Wendy Ward,” with its plaintive chorus, “Thank you for at least that sweet ache,” a phrase Buddy made sound like a supplication to the gods.
“Wendy Ward” got some air play around the country, on the late night FM stations, a minor flickering fame which only whet Buddy’s appetite for more, for larger radio audiences, larger followings, more groupies, better food backstage.
He wanted it all, Buddy did.
No one asked him, What is all?
If they had he might be here today.
Who can say?
Pigpen’s gone.
Jim, Abbie, sweet Timmy Hardin.
Was it the same spirit in the night that whisked away all these mortal souls?
I don’t know.
I only tell stories.
Buddy got his first musicmaker, a ukulele, when he was a sapling, six years old, a first-grader at Idlewild Elementary.
He hung onto that uke as if it was his lifeline, time and time again having it taken from him on the playground where he would serenade a few curious classmates with his bewailing renditions of old Hank Williams songs.
The end of most schooldays found little Buddy in the principal’s office explaining why he should get his instrument back and vowing never to bring it again.
Until tomorrow.
At twelve Buddy had graduated to electric guitar, a gift from his father, Al Gardner, who had played clarinet with a dance band called Dick Delisi and the Syncopators, at the Vapors Supper Club in his own mis-spent youth.
Buddy’s mother, Elise, could only pull at her hair and clap dishpan hands over her ears when the noise emanating from Buddy’s room began.
To her it sounded like the can-opener on warp speed.
Buddy drew from everywhere, listening with equal fervor to Woody Guthrie, Odetta, Hoagy Carmichael, Django Reinhardt, Coleman Hawkins, Bill Haley, Lonnie Donegan, Howlin Wolf, Eric Dolphy, Skip James, Shostakovich.
Music fed Buddy the way most of us grew up on oatmeal and peanut butter.
And he absorbed it all, filtering it through his sensitive system to come out his delicate fingertips as liquid electricity, a sound even today many guitarists cannot duplicate and few can even explain.
By thirteen he had his own band, made up of less-skilled classmates at Snowden Elementary.
They called themselves Regulation Footwear and soon were playing gigs at high school dances and other social occasions, at Clearpool, even at an end-of-school year rally at the Overton Park Shell, foreshadowing later triumphs.
Clearly, it was Buddy people came to see, Buddy who garnered them engagements with older audiences.
Regulation’s drummer, poor Gyp Leach, could barely keep time on his Sears drumset, taking lessons after school at Guitar & Drum City, just progressing past a four-four beat.
But word was spreading about this precocious guitarist who sounded like a coup de foudre, this scrawny, pimply 8th grader with licks like a junkyard dog.
Buddy Gardner.
It was Jim Dickinson who dubbed Buddy “Slipshod,” not because Buddy was a sloppy player but because he put together such sloppy groups around him.
It mattered not to Buddy who was playing behind him.
He was lost in the ether, playing for his own private gods, letting the Lydian reverberation carry him away, the sound coming from his own self, you see.
Oh, of course, he knew when the bassist was faking it, or the drummer tripping over himself to keep up, or the rhythm guitarist playing the same three chords over and over, hoping his stroking would be lost in the thunder.
Buddy knew it, but he didn’t care.
He was soaring.
He was making music, Memphis music, as sacred a calling as one could imagine.
Eventually, Buddy found his grounding, a group almost as flexuous and capable as Buddy, though few could approach Buddy’s genius for the ineffable, that secret other place he could go with his music.
Black Lung was born in the mid-sixties in an abandoned gas station when a bass player named Crafty Connor was introduced to Buddy through the coagulant Sid Selvidge.
Memphis music bred Memphis music, is how Sid describes it today.
Crafty, who had a face like moits in wool, attended East High where he had picked up the bass guitar (and put down his flugel horn much to his parents’ disfavor) when he first heard Jack Bruce play.
He wanted to be part of a power trio.
He wanted to be part of the best power trio Memphis could build and he wanted to build it.
He called Sid who said, “Well, you could do a lot worse than hooking up with this young guitar kraken, Buddy Gardner.”  Crafty called Buddy.
Buddy called Skippy Quetzalcoatl, who had a drumming lineage like no one else’s.
His father had been a drummer and his father before him and back and back.
Beale Street whispers the name Quetzalcoatl, late nights when the horns have died down and the wind sloughs around shop corners and up alleyways.
It whispers the name like a mojo, a bit of song never transcribed, a bit of the old magic.
The abandoned gas station stood on a corner in midtown Memphis like a sepulcher, but it was soon to be transmogrified into a holy place, a place where anything could happen so beware.
A place as bright as Sun, as holy as Stax.
It is where Black Lung was born.
Today it is a Taco Bell.
But some know.
Some still pass it by and cross themselves, hearken back to the days of divination, the days when music could save a dying nation, a nation bent on its own self-immolation.
That was the sixties.
Even in Memphis, an outpost planet.
A tributary, if you will.
That first session, so it is told, was as if energy itself had been created in that concrete empty shell, where grass pushed through the floor, straining to catch these new vibes, this new electrical Jubal.
Buddy cut loose as if he had been formerly playing in a straightjacket.
And Skippy and Crafty—later re-christened Castor and Pollux—created a bottom like a sheol torture chamber, like Thor and Loki at war.
The crash and thunder coming out of that old Sinclair station was music from the beginning of time, the music the apes heard which made them men.
Music, soul-deep.
Collective unconscious-deep.
They cohered, they veered away and came back, like the trajectory of stars.
Buddy’s solos were like fluid silver; he was re-inventing the electric guitar.
It was around this time that Buddy began writing songs.
He was shy about it.
No one knows how many he wrote before he brought the first one to the group, the one that would later be their most requested song, “I Love my Aunt Jemima.”  Soon, though, he was bringing in songs in coacervations, as if he had eons of them bubbling up.
That first acceptance by the group opened the floodgates and Buddy Gardner became something of a songwriting machine.
Other artists recorded many of his best things, a blessing, and he became a regular at Hi Studios, at Sun and later at Ardent.
He was covered by many of the Mid-South’s biggest stars.
And later by some of the country’s:  Elvis Costello did “Lemmy Caution’s Incubus.”  Van Morrison made “Blues for Sid and Shirley” a staple of his live performances.
Led Zeppelin, for God’s sake, did “Procapé All Night,” Jimmy Page being an early fan, as is written.
Just for the record Buddy wrote these hits for other stars:  “Buttermilk Thighs,” “Blues for Sandra Leathers,” “Wrong for the Right of Way,” “Arcade Late-Night Blues,” “Open Channel D,” “The Sins of Monk Cassava,” “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling,” “Patience Hell, I’m Gonna Kill Something,” “The Nice and the Good,” “Strawberry Fields for Only a Little While,” “Take me for Granted, Please,” “Surfing the Big Muddy,” “The Rules for Hide and Seek,” “Young Avenue Blues,” “Picnic in Overton Park,” “Chin-Chin in Eden,” “Turn on Your Love Lights but Turn that Damn Stereo Down,” and on and on.
Buddy and the boys were off and running.
Soon they were one of the most sought after acts, playing gigs everywhere the area offered, in clubs, at outdoor festivals (happenings), and, of course, their famous half-aborted rooftop gig on top of the Sterick Building downtown.
Officer Mike “Mooncalf” Milton, one of the arresting officers, recalls to this day how polite Buddy and the band were as they were being ushered into police cars while the mob roared.
“Buddy Gardner was a gentleman in a jerk business,” Officer Milton remembers.
This mildness, this Southern gentleman perception, follows Buddy to this day.
It’s hard to find someone to speak ill of him, even those he later abandoned or stepped on on his way to the top.
He is often compared to courtly though dipsomaniacal photographer Bill Eggleston, a friend of Buddy’s from those acme days.
The cover photograph of Black Lung’s Pepper Records album, Turntable Poison, is an unaccredited Eggleston photograph.
(It is, of course, a weathered Sinclair sign, imbued with the enchantment Mr. Eggleston brought to all his work, a divergence quite inexplicable.)
Buddy was loved, revered.
He was not held to the same rules as everyone else.
So it goes with the great.
And when Buddy started using drugs, mixing bennies, reds and laxatives in dangerous quantities, no one was there to question him.
Of course, drugs were part of the scene then.
They were everywhere.
In the back of every minibus, in the bathroom of every nightclub, at practice sessions, in the homes of every groupie.
And Buddy had his groupies.
The twins used to joke that Buddy played for scrimption and blow jobs.
This has some truth to it—the money wasn’t great in those days, asking for more money seen as bourgeois or worse—but the women were wonderful.
Buddy, though, let it be said, played for one pure reason in those halcyon days.
He played for the rush, for the approach to the godhead.
It was religion to Buddy.
He sought the perfect note, the one that would bring about rapture.
One night, after a triple billing at the Shell (Black Lung was the middle act that night, sandwiched between the lesser talents of Rubdown and Barry and the White Panthers), Buddy wandered backstage after his set, still in that trance he seemed to enter when he played, and was greeted by a statuesque blond with eyes the color of the Wolf River at Sunset.
She stepped into his path like a gunfighter.
Buddy looked deeply into her.
She was an equation he could not quite decipher.
Her eyes stayed on his.
She was bewitching him and even Buddy, already high from making music, was not immune.
Today people still talk about Lorelei Enos with a wary reticence.
“Not much is known about her,” you hear people say.
“She came in on a bad wind and left on another,” one roadie told me.
“Lori was beautiful, a beautiful person, a beautiful body, but she was half siren.
She couldn’t help it,” another groupie remembers.
“She was Satan’s mistress,” a musician, who wishes to remain anonymous, summed her up.
That first night Buddy went home with her.
What happened there is shrouded in mystery, except Skippy recalls Buddy saying, “She had the most beautiful sex I’ve ever seen.
It tasted like mushrooms and ginger ale.
And its musk stayed on me for days, like it had gone subcutaneous, like it had replaced my own body odor.” Perhaps this was her hex: Ruthah: The perfume of Immortality.
Others talk about the size and welcoming essence of Lorelei’s breasts.
Buddy was mothered; he fed there like a suckling, like a child.
It wasn’t love but it was something between the sacred and the profane.
Some say Lorelei was responsible for the beginning of the slide downward for Buddy, filling his head with ideas of stardom, of leaving the backwash of Memphis and making it in a real town like L.A. or Boston.
Buddy listened to Lorelei, we know that, for better or worse.
Let’s hearken back to a happier image.
A small recording studio.
A three-piece band, occasionally four when Jim Dickinson stops by and plays a little keyboards.
A 20X20 room covered in egg-cartons.
The preternatural silence beforehand.
The prelude.
The creation of something new.
From where there was nothing something now exists: songs, recordings, an album.
The making of Turntable Poison was a liminal time, a time of congruity, or grand passion.
The melding of the three (sometimes four) musicians was a Synchronicity.
It can happen more than once but it happened at least once for Black Lung.
It’s there on that vinyl circle, waiting for the needle like a junkie.
And for anyone lucky enough to find that masterpiece in someone’s garage sale, in some second-hand record shop (where I hear it can go for upwards of a hundred dollars or more), at some friend’s apartment, there is knowledge passed.
Because anyone who hears Turntable Poison hears right away what could have been, what should have been.
What was.
The album smokes.
It tears down ceiling tiles.
It disrupts fish in their blue aquarium lives.
It calls like a squonk in the wee hours, in the time between sleep and dawn.
It disrupts phone lines, calls old girlfriends and makes them want you again.
It stirs mud and makes bouillabaisse.
Black Lung fashioned alchemy, friends, at least once, in that small studio, over a period of 72 straight hours without sleep, so the story goes.
They laid down 43 minutes of catalytic reverb love.
Some of you understand.
(And, an aside: they did not feel it necessary to include that one song on the LP by the drummer.
An uncommon display of wisdom for the times but a good thing.
Skippy could no more sing or write a song than fly.)
Listen to “Blues for Wendy Ward.” Listen to “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  Listen to “A Marriage of Rue” or “Hayley Mills’ Underpants.”  It’s there.
Under the surface like a chthonic river.
Memphis Mojo.
The only kind of magic that matters.
So, why would Buddy turn his back on the band after that triumph?
There are as many theories as theorists.
Buddy wanted success, bigger success.
He tasted perfection with Turntable Poison but it was local perfection.
The album, though notorious today, an insider’s treasure trove, a collector’s grail, did not sell outside of Memphis.
No major label bought the rights to it.
Still, even this late, one wishes, with the advent of the compact disc revolution, that it would be reissued.
But now, Buddy wanted to be Hendrix, Clapton, Erik Brann, Zappa.
That he settled for being Livingston Taylor is the story’s twist, what gives it verisimilitude.
Life is unpredictable, like a chemistry experiment.
Like The River.
Skippy and Crafty were not even angry with Buddy, to hear them tell it today.
Skippy works at Ardent and Crafty is a driver for UPS, but they recall those grand days with Buddy with something like ardor.
“He was way ahead of all of us,” Skippy says.
“His energy came from someplace else.” At any rate in early 1970, having witnessed the death of some of the gods, Buddy Gardner turned his back on Memphis, moved to L.A. with Lorelei, who then just as suddenly disappeared.
Like a genii whose work is done.
Some say she turned to making porno films.
Some say she works in television.
Some say she went back to perdition from whence she came.
But it was in L.A. that Buddy transformed himself into a folk artist, a singer/songwriter with a heart on his sleeve and an ace up it.
He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.
And as empty as a bird’s nest in December.
His two albums, “I Was a Child When Smaller,” and “Rain and other Distractions,” were mega-sellers.
Buddy made it.
He made it big.
For a price, yes.
Those last songs, dripping with feigned self-pity, seem apocalyptic in retrospect.
“Allison All Gone” and “Goodbye to the Shell” especially appear to comment on Buddy’s desire to burn his bridges, leave his Memphis past behind, forget his roots.
And, of course, then there’s “Burn my Bridges” and “Forget my Roots” off the second album.
Even Buddy’s skillful acoustic playing can’t save those albums from their own wallowing, from their stooping to the lowest common denominator.
Of course they sold.
They were huge.
Buddy played with Carole King, with the L.A.
Session, with Linda Rondstadt.
He was revered, honored (Grammy for “Song for L. Enos,” 1971), patted on his self-satisfied back.
But it was all so vacuous.
And, what for a Memphis musician is worse, so soulless.
Buddy had gone to hell, many in Memphis thought, though no one said so.
There was, for a homegrown prodigy, still respect, pride, a sort of sweetly sad valediction.
When Buddy was buried in L.A. that was the final blow.
His parents flew out for the interment but no one else from Memphis went.
It is said there were many celebrities there.
I hope so.
I hope he drew a crowd at the end, a healthy gate-count.
Jack Nicholson was there.
Debbie Anspach, Donald Sutherland, Larry Hagman, Candice Bergen, Dennis Hopper, Jagger, Ringo.
Some said Dylan was there, in disguise.
It was Dylan who was later quoted widely as saying, “Buddy could have been bigger than me.
He had Old Harry on his side.” With bigger success came more drugs, more women, more more.
Death.
The official ruling was death by asphyxiation, choking on his own vomitus.
It began to seem coroners handed this out to rock stars by rote.
Janis and Jimi set the standard; anything less would be unseemly, not up to snuff.
Next to his naked body were the cliché syringe, bottle of Jack Daniels and a sheet of lyrics, a half-finished song to be called, apparently, “Wendy Ward Redux,” as if at the end he tried to return to past glories and died trying.
The penultimate line read, “You left your coppery skin behind.”  The final line, though difficult to decipher, seems to say, “Come back to me—“ and the last word is either “you” or “youth.” Either way a sad epitaph.
But Buddy’s gone gone.
It’s a sure thing.
He burned brightly once but then seemed to just peter out like the Sixties itself, like a wind-up thing of wonder, a mechanical play-pretty.
He ran down.
Signposts to Gehenna: Altamount, the violent deaths of Jimi, Janis, Reverend King and Bobby Kennedy.
Nixon.
Ironically, Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner died on the same day, January 27, 1973, that Nixon officially ended the war in Southeast Asia.
I miss Buddy.
So much is gone, so many rainbows have faded away, and so many brightly painted faces now show the skull beneath.
As John said, “The dream is over.” But he (who is gone gone, too) also said “Love is all you need.” Both are true.
And, dreamers, lovers, children, both are lies.
***
Author’s hedge:  Now, friends, the following work, while incorporating much history and Memphis mythology into its olio, is, as they say, a work of fiction.
If there are names of actual people herein, those people are not to be held responsible for the author’s prevarications, and the use of their names was done with necromancy and love.
So, all is not what it seems and all that seems to not be what it seems may be what it seems.
In short, the author is a confused and deeply troubled person.
Nevertheless, this is a jape.
Nevertheless, this is fiction fiction fiction.
***
Introduction by Camel Jeremy Eros
The veracity of the following has been called into question.
That the people who would know, the people who were actually there, all three voices heard here, are all dead makes proving it somewhat difficult.
Buddy Gardner died, famously, of a heroin/pill/alcohol overdose;   Lorelei Enos died only a few years ago by her own hand, after an incident, which was kept out of the papers because of the famous talk show host involved.
And, Creole Myers, the interviewer, died just last year of cancer.
But, if you listen, that is, if you can read between the lines here, you’ll find, not only an extraordinary document, but one that could only come from the personalities involved.
The voices are theirs.
The story is theirs, even as it belongs to a generation.
Let us hearken back, briefly, to those days when music was being made because it was important, because genius finds its own level, because people needed godhead, if that’s not overstating it.
Before the drugs, the recriminations, the lawsuits, the doubting of the very fiber of what the 60s meant to Memphis, to these sweet souls herein, and to the world at large.
Let us reimagine it, if we can, in all its efflorescence.
In all its pied beauty.
Let’s hear again, “Turntable Poison” as if for the first time and marvel at the voice that said, “We are all naked.”  That said, “Love me for my limo but love me all the way.”  And, that said, presciently, “Death is only a way station, between West Memphis and the coast.” These interviews were done in three sessions in early 1973, in San Francisco, by Creole Myers, at Buddy Gardner’s home.
Lorelei Enos was in and out.
One of the startling revelations found in these tapes is that Lorelei was with Buddy until the end.
Rumors had her abandoning him after they had left Memphis for Los Angeles.
Stories circulated back home about her, unflattering stories all, about her working in the pornographic film industry, about her fixing Buddy that final fix, about her leaving him for a slick-talking Hollywood casting agent.
What is made clear here is her devotion to him and his to her.
In this way they resemble John Lennon and Yoko Ono, another vastly misunderstood couple.
The tapes are in remarkably good shape, with only a few elisions, a few minutes of silence.
I knew Buddy Gardner and I was still startled by much that is found here.
It’s his voice alright, but there’s an anger there, a tension, that surprised me.
Buddy Gardner, when I knew him was a sweet, soft-spoken man, a man driven by ambition, sure, but, underneath that, there was a humility and a human heart .
It’s all here in these tapes, so enough said.
Three weeks after these interviews were concluded, Buddy Gardner was found dead in his home, with a needle in his arm.
Lorelei had disappeared.
These tapes somehow also disappeared until 1999, when they were found in a stockroom in an abandoned studio in Los Angeles by a technician there who, with some heaven-sent Extra Sensitive Perception, sent them to Camel Jeremy Eros, c/o City Lights Bookstore, where for a while I was taking my mail, while recovering from a broken relationship, one that emasculated me, silenced me, did me up a treat.
These tapes were a godsend—they took me out of myself, out of the self-pity I was wallowing in.
Many thanks to John Wender, editor extraordinaire, who recognized what we had here and ran them in his celebrated periodical.
Hence, they ran first, almost in the form represented here, in three installments in Big City Magazine.
***
Buddy Gardner died young, tragically, just weeks after these interviews were concluded.
It lends a poignancy to what follows here, but is not the only reason to read, of course.
There is Buddy’s stature as one of the truly original artists of his time.
There is his infamous love affair with Lorelei who many blame for his death, like poor Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath.
And there is the music, discussed here for the first time, how it was made, why it was made, for whom it was made.
Buddy is caught at a crucial moment, when he had left his psychedelic/blues/rock behind for California living and worldwide acclaim.
And he has been caught, naked, funny, combative, contradictive, hopeful, full of possibility, honest, bitter, loving, and, finally, with his brilliance still intact, after many had written him off.
This is Buddy Gardner, the man and the musician, raw and exposed.
Read these words for their history.
Read them for what they say about all of us.
Camel Jeremy Eros, Big Sur, 2001
***
If I seem free, it’s because I’m always running.
Jimi Hendrix
The finest sensibilities of the age are convulsed with pain.
That means a change is at hand.
Leonard Cohen
A lot of people remember hating President Lyndon Baines Johnson and loving Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison, depending on the point of view.
God rest their souls.
Richard Brautigan
Rock & roll is only rock & roll if it’s not safe.
Mick Jagger
Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner.
Chuck Kom, of Jism
DAY ONE
Creole Myers: 		Would you take it all back?
Buddy Gardner: 	I would take it all back.
I take it back now.
I take it back just because you asked.
Take it back?
What do you mean fucking take it back?
I don’t have anything.
Anything I have I have because of Lorelei, because of me.
I don’t owe the past anything, Memphis anything, music, rock and roll, the fans, those idjits with their t-shirts and lunch boxes and designer drugs or whatever.
I owe Buddy Gardner.
I owe him everything.
What I have I earned and I don’t care what anyone else says, what Hudson says, or any of that shit, I just care about Lorelei, about me.
I’m not Buddy Black Lung.
I’m not Buddy Zimmerman.
I’m Buddy Gardner.
What was the question?
CM:  	Black Lung.
Tell us about that, do you still listen to “Turntable Poison?’
BG:  	I don’t know.
Don’t trust me on that shit.
I hate that album.
There’s some good stuff on it.
I wrote some good stuff back then, that’s evident, you know?
But, I’m moving in a totally different direction now.
I don’t even understand that album, to be honest.
Have you listened to I Was a Child When Smaller?
That’s some of my best stuff and what are people saying?
That it’s self-indulgent.
That it’s shit.
Fucking hell, what is art?
It’s self indulgence, man.
I put myself out there with my veins exposed and I say, you know, fuck it, this is me, man.
CM:  	Do you ever hear from the other members of Black Lung?
Anyone from Memphis?
BG: 	Lemme tell you how I answer that question.
I ain’t the past.
I am the future.
CM: 	Ok.
So, you hear from the other members---
BG: 	I talk to Skippy once in a while.
He and his wife were here just a couple of months ago.
He seems happy.
His wife is a peach.
Lorelei Enos: 		Helen.
Helen Holland.
BG:  	Right.
She took to Lorelei right away.
For this I liked her.
After all the shit Lor has had to put up with, from Memphis, from Crafty, from that fuck, Hudson.
CM:  	Did you talk music?
You and Skippy?
BG:  	Music.
Love.
Death.
We talked, you know?
It was good.
CM:  	But, Crafty---
BG:  	Fuck him, you know?
He’s—what?—involved in other things, things that preclude me, including still living in that fucking group, still living in Black Lung, you know?
He doesn’t want to grow up.
He doesn’t want me to grow up.
LE: 	He doesn’t accept that you’ve changed.
That you’re not a Guitar God.
That you’re God yourself.
BG: 	In a manner of speaking.
Yeah.
Lorelei is always there to keep me straight.
God is me, in me, you know?
That’s what she’s saying.
That’s what she’s always been saying, but people couldn’t hear her, for whatever reason.
They wouldn’t listen.
Just like I say in “Burn my Bridge”, you know?
“There’s a black and white photograph/On my finger is a tiny bird.”  You know?
It’s like they can’t hear me now, after they all were so intent on being Black Lung acolytes, or whatever.
Now, these same cats, these same sycophants and hangers-on, they’re up there, pronouncing on me, on Lor, on my new stuff as if I’m not a human being, too.
As if I can’t be hurt, am impregnable, a force instead of a feeling, bleeding child, you know?
Like we all are.
We’re all children, man.
CM:  	You’re hurt by your reviews?
BG:  	Fucking hell, of course, I’m hurt.
You know, when I was young, when I was in Black Lung, I mean, it went so fast, everything was happening so fast, them calling me the next Clapton and shit like that.
I was locked out of my feelings—they could have said anything about me back then.
I didn’t care.
Plus I was high half the time, all the time.
People giving me poppers to take I didn’t even know what it was.
I didn’t give a shit about anything.
Just show me the way to the next whiskey bar, you know?
Just show me the way to the next little girl.
Now, with Lorelei, with what I’m saying now, it’s more personal, it’s what I care about.
I’m hurt.
Yes.
CM:  	You say you can’t listen to the old Black Lung stuff…
BG:  	Not can’t.
Don’t.
I mean, why?
I’m moving.
I’m shadow.
CM:  	Who do you listen to?
BG:  	Man, I’m not in with anyone who is in.
I know that sounds funny to you, but I just don’t listen to anything you would know, man, or that your readers are gonna know.
Or expect I would listen to.
Old Beatles, Old Stones…no, I don’t know.
I been listening to this guy plays the pan flute.
I can’t remember his name.
There’s this group out here, West Coast Pop Art Group or something like that.
No one’s ever heard of them.
No one listens to them except the few hundred souls who go to their shows, but their stuff intrigues me.
Terry Riley.
There’s this cat, Wild Man Fisher, you might know, who plays on street corners, someone Zappa found.
I like his stuff.
I still like Roky Erickson’s stuff, even if he’s a child of the devil.
Lulu—she’s cool.
Brotherhood of Breath.
I’m all over the place.
Uh, jazz guys.
Ornette.
Old black jazz guys who nobody recorded.
There’s some German stuff I like.
Some Eastern European stuff…John’s Children.
CM: 	Lennon, John Lennon…
BG: 	Naw, man, that’s their name.
The group, the guys that did “Desdemona,” man, you heard that?
Great song.
CM: 	Yeah, I know that song.
BG: 	Ok.
CM: 	Rock and roll?
BG:  	It’s labels, man.
That’s the trouble I have.
What is rock and roll?
Can you describe it for me?
CM:  	You said jazz—
BG:  	Right, right.
Some old jazz.
Lor turned me on to it.
CM:  	Back to Black Lung, if we can.
You say you talk to Skippy but there are hard feelings still with Crafty.
Is this still part of the legal fallout?
BG:  	I don’t know.
I don’t know much about that legal stuff.
I can’t follow it.
Why I have a lawyer.
But, yeah, Crafty wanted to go on as Black Lung.
I mean, fuck, without me, he wanted to tour as Black Lung, play those old songs like they were his.
I said, fuck you, man.
That’s when the lawyers came in.
And let me go on record right now as saying that he brought the lawyers in.
I mean, he told me he was going on tour—told me, not asked me, and I said, great, what are you gonna fucking play?
You know?
Like, I mean, I was being blunt, but for his good, because like he’s written, what 2, 3 songs.
And he’s like, I’m playing all the old stuff, off “Turntable.’  And I said, I’ll be fucked if you are.
I was Black Lung, man.
I wrote the shit.
That’s my guitar—the whole sound of the group was the guitar, man.
Those are my songs, whether I want them or not.
CM:  	And has this been settled?
BG:  	I don’t even know.
Ask Pete.
Pete Holder.
He’s the lawyer.
Is Crafty touring?
CM:  	Um…
BG:  	Don’t even fucking tell me if he’s touring.
If he’s playing even the fucking Shell man.
I don’t want to know.
CM:  	Back to your songwriting.
You wrote some of the best songs from that time period--
BG:  	Me, Dylan, Lennon, Lou Reed, Joni, Leonard, maybe Ochs—
CM:  	They call you a genius.
A guitar god.
BG:  	They can say what they want, you know?
Does it matter what they say?
Does it matter to you?
CM:  	My question is, are you a genius?
BG:  	I’m a genius, sure.
What does it mean?
CM:  	How would you rate your guitar playing?
BG:  	Back then or now?
CM:  	Um, back then.
BG:  	I was the best, one of the best.
Clapton, Hendrix…uh, B.B.
CM: 	You hung out with Hendrix for a while, right?
Tell me what that was like.
BG:  	Hendrix was a cool cat, man.
He was just cool.
He sweated it.
He fucking slept with his guitar, you know?
CM:  	Slept with it?
BG:  	Literally.
Fucking literally slept with it.
He said it made it more a part of him, made him more in tune with it.
I believe him, man, because nobody, I mean nobody could get the sounds out of a guitar that Hendrix did.
Nobody can now.
In one way he was just so far above all of us—even Clapton.
I mean, he was untouchable.
But, yeah, we hung out for a while.
This would have been, uh, early 69, I think.
He slept on my couch for a while.
We’d get stoned, sit up all night talking, blues, soul—he knew it all, man.
The cat lived music.
And, you know, he was bleeding, that’s the sad truth, man, he was bleeding and no one could see.
I didn’t know it.
He was just full of pain, man.
He had to do drugs.
The rest of us, we were like just blowing our minds, you know, but Jimi, he needed it.
Just to get through a day, just to keep down the demon that made him play like that.
A cold wind blew through Jimi, yet he was the sweetest cat.
Sad death, man.
He died for all of us.
You know?
So we could go on.
LE: 	He showed us the way through death.
BG:  	That’s right man.
Jimi and Janis, they did it early so we could keep playing.
Why I left the electric stuff behind partly.
CM:  	Really.
Why?
BG:  	Well, I mean, he did it all, he took it to the edge and then when the edge laughed at him he laughed back, man, and he went over.
And he fucking took it with him.
It’s disrespectful in a way to continue in that vein.
CM:  	So you went softer, acoustic?
BG:  	Careful saying “softer,” man.
To players it sounds too much like “weaker,” you dig?
Like tea.
Like wimpy.
Well, anyway, not totally.
Not just.
I don’t know.
Don’t write this down, man.
It’s just talking about Jimi makes me feel, I don’t know, useless somehow.
Vulnerable.
You dig?
CM:  	Did you go to the funeral?
BG:  	Naw.
I didn’t, man.
We were playing that weekend, I think.
But, it was like, he’s dead, you know?
He’s dead forever.
What does one day have to say about forever?
You follow me?
But, he was the best of us.
Write that.
He was the best of us.
(garbled here…low sound quality, it appears that a few moments are lost)
CM:  	On the new album, you’ve got a little instrumental piece, right before “Song for L. Enos,” it sounds like “Third Stone from the Sun.”
BG:  	That’s good, man.
You’re listening.
See, no one got that.
Yeah, that was actually Lorelei’s idea, that we should include this little hidden tribute to Jimi in the song for her.
She was like all humble about the song being named for her.
LE:  	I’m not sure it was my idea.
BG: 	It was.
It fucking was.
You said, play that beautiful part of Jimi’s song.
This was on my twelve-string.
And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.
That’s just so right.
CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?
BG: 	No.
CM:  	You didn’t—
BG:  	Influenced me?
No.
He didn’t influence me.
I loved the cat, man.
That’s enough isn’t it?
I mean I learned from him, he learned from me, I’m still learning from Lor, you know, that’s the world, man.
If you ain’t learning you’re dead.
So, I’m still trying to absorb some things, follow some things that I thought of maybe back then and Jimi was there, he was undeniably there, like the monolith from 2001, you know?
So, there were a lot of us cats playing the guitar, and…uh, I’ve lost the thread of what I was saying.
CM:  	What about Dylan?
BG: 	I have confused recollections of my first awareness of Bob Dylan.
I have a vague memory of hearing “Song for Woody” on FM 100, back in Memphis, which at that time was an album-oriented station, not limited to a ludicrous playlist like it is today.
It was a source back then, a touchstone.
You could hear music unavailable elsewhere.
The music of the planets.
I listened to it alone in my parent’s living room, hearing sounds that transformed me as surely as did Lorelei, the finding of my own voice.
“Talkin World War III Blues” was beyond my ken.
I thought, perhaps, my head would explode.
I didn’t understand.
In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.
I didn’t know what to make of these threnodies.
They were so stark, so naked.
It was just a man’s voice, crying in the wilderness.
This must have been shit, what?
1962?
Earlier?
I can’t do a timeline, man, not even of my own life—some of it is such a blur.
Is it like that for everyone?
I have a memory of our family kitchen before school, oatmeal warming in a pan on the stove, my father dunking his folded toast into his coffee, and the plastic radio tuned to some “hits” station, probably WHBQ.
This was the same radio from which I would later hear about deaths: Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Martin Luther King.
Shit, I still have that little radio—I kept it because it seemed important.
(laughs) It was my mother’s kitchen radio—it’s still around here somewhere.
And, on this particular morning of oatmeal and familial familiarities, a song emanated from that plastic box, bellowing something about a “black branch with blood that kept dripping.” You know?
And, “a white ladder all covered with water.”  I thought, holy hell.
Of course, by this time, I was making my own music, fixing to go out on my own, and, in a way, I saw Dylan as a map, as a way out into the world.
What more can we ask of art, right?
Later, when I met him, I talked to him about this and he was, well, flattered, I guess, and he talked about how Guthrie and Leadbelly were like that for him.
All these memories collide in my head to form a capharnaum around what I want to know more concretely: how did Bob Dylan become important to me?
And the process must have been gradual, an accretion, Bob Dylan never became, for me, what James Joyce was for Richard Ellmann, or to use a less pretentious comparison, what hamburgers were for Wimpy.
A centering object, a holy thing.
But he became a dream-figure, a part of my unconscious, as I understand the term.
Is Bob Dylan more than a man?
Is he more than a man with an extraordinary gift?
Is he really something holy?
Of course not.
He is just an exceptional artist, a poet, a singer of peculiar power and persuasion and grace.
So, what happened?
What happens to any of us who find a particular artist who speaks to our very hearts?
Is it right, just, meet?
What’s the difference?
At some point, at some fulcrum point, I understood.
Today, Bob Dylan remains a force in my life, though now, he’s also a pal.
And I can go to him—to his songs--when I am blue, when I am feeling that the world is a place of malefaction and discommoded energy, when I am feeling that there is nothing to be said for the human race, and I can be readjusted.
How this happens, why this happens, is secondary to the fact that it does.
I can listen to “Frankie Lee and Judas Priest” or “Visions of Johanna” or “On the Road Again” or “Clothesline Saga” or “Watching the River Flow” and feel that there are angels within humankind.
I can feel that we are not all lost in the caliginous wastes of our hopelessly chaotic lives.
Art redeems us.
This is the seed I’m seeking, the truth I’m trying in my clumsy way to impart.
Dylan is art, for us anyway, for what we’re talking about.
Now, knowing Bob, I have to say, he’s a humble prophet, you know?
But I still wish I had a clearer picture of how it all happened, to me, Dylanwise.
Perhaps the mystery is more apropos.
Perhaps mysteries always are.
CM:  	Wow.
Ok.
I didn’t know Dylan was that…
BG:  	Man, he was That, for all of us.
He was that for you, even you, Creole (laughs)—he just is, like the moon.
Like political chicanery.
Like the Illuminati conspiracy.
Man, he’s in our consciousness.
The Beatles, too, of course.
CM:  	Why does rock and roll mean so much to so many people?
BG:  	The beat, I think, first and foremost.
The beat is the heart, the human heart, it gets right inside.
I mean, you had it before, it was there in humans, back and back.
Listen to “Sing Sing Sing” and see if it doesn’t get inside you.
Then, what rock did, after Rickie and Buddy and those guys, rock got a conscience.
Partly Dylan’s doing, but it was inevitable, it was headed that way, the power of it, the communicative power.
Man, I sound like Rolling Stone.
What I mean is that rock wouldn’t have held it’s place if it hadn’t shifted, if the words didn’t start to mean something.
It was time.
It was time for music to mean something.
Dylan, The Beatles, they led the way.
They said, you know, show us the plan, you don’t need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows.
And the kids sat up and listened.
It was coming, this revolution of meaning, this concentration on the word.
And, all along, behind it like a dark river, ran the beat, the melody, a sort of communication device that was both insidious and right out there in the open.
See, rock wasn’t subversive to the people who wanted to know.
It didn’t trick anybody.
It’s the most godawful honest music on the planet.
In the end, I think that’s what has kept it so powerful, its honesty, its lack of guile.
CM:  	Tell me more about what changed your direction.
Who are you listening to now, maybe, that you didn’t listen to before.
BG: 	You mean I went from my Gibson SG to my Martin?
Listen: rock and roll will kill you, ok?
If you take it to the edge, which you have to do to play rock and roll, every fucking time, eventually, well, you’re gonna pitch over, dig?
You’re gonna go over that edge because that’s why you’re doing it—to get closer and closer.
Playing electric, like the blues, like the devil music from which it came, you just gotta give it the juice, you gotta play for all the money.
Man, I did that, I could feel it.
Feel the devil chasing me down.
But, it’s a high, right?
Like all good highs there are consequences.
But, I’ve never changed direction, man.
I’m going in a straight line.
When it’s all over you’ll see the line.
My footprints all headed in one direction—you’ll see it, eventually.
Everybody will.
Everything will be true of everybody.
In the end.
CM:  	So, since you moved to the West Coast, are there people out here, musicians out here---
BG: 	Did I say Fever Tree?
You hear Fever Tree, man?
CM:  	Fever Tree.
No, I don’t—
BG:  	There are some cats I play with out here.
They play with me.
In the studio it’s all just overlaying now, you know, so some of these cats, I don’t even know their names.
I hate that.
I hate that I sing a song and then they come in and lay some harpsichord or Jew’s harp or whatever behind it.
But, that’s the times, man, I gotta go with the times.
Still, I insist on a certain honesty, a certain interplay in the studio, and this places me solidly on the outside.
A pain in the ass, that’s what these label guys think I am.
Like I give a shit.
What’s a fight with an engineer compared with the song itself, right?
I gotta be true to the song.
But, some of the musicians, uh…
CM:  	Jim Keltner.
BG: 	Well, Keltner, sure.
When he’s ok.  Yeah, when he’s ok, we’ve played together.
CM:  	Is the whole California, laid-back ethos part of where you’re at now?
BG: 	Ethos?
Where djew get a word like that, Creole?
(laughs)  Shit, man.
Who you been talking to?
The California thing.
Yeah, sure, write that, if you want.
It’s as true as anything else.
Write that Buddy Gardner moved to California and became one of the Beach Boys, or Sweet Baby Buddy.
Write whatever the fuck you want, man.
(laughs)
LE:  	Tell him about Dennis Wilson.
BG: 	Aw, no, man.
I don’t want to talk about Dennis.
He’s been raked over the coals enough.
Let’s talk about something else.
Let’s keep this on a higher plane.
CM:  	Um.
BG:  	Hey, man, it’s ok.  You look like you’re gonna throw up or die.
Relax, Creole.
We’re all friends here.
CM:  	You, uh, you said you were recording with session men, I think you said, and that you didn’t know some of them—
BG: 	Well, so much of this shit they do now, man, you don’t even have to be in the same city.
You gotta realize multi-tracking was relatively new, and, man we were babes in the wood, naives, we didn’t know how to play without someone playing with us.
We started out on 4 tracks, remember that.
So all this gimmickry, this Sgt.
Pepper’s stuff that everybody has to do now, it’s going the other direction, isn’t it?
Started with John Wesley Harding, man.
And has anyone really even listened to that yet?
I mean, really heard it?
It’s a fucking beautiful record, man.
And, we’re going that way.
Bob’s out front, as usual, but, I think the movement is going to be toward simpler things.
I mean, we’ve been there, right?
We’ve been to Strawberry Fields.
We’ve seen the Walrus.
I’ve got a new song—you haven’t heard it, yet—it’s called, uh, “Bookstore Blues”—
LE: 	“Burke’s Book Store Blues.”
BG:  	Right.
Anyway, it’s just me and Lor.
CM: 	After the store back in Memphis.
BG:  	If you like.
CM:  	The bookstore.
BG:  	Yes, yes.
But, the point is, I’ve stripped the sound back, it’s me, my National, a bow bass and Lor.
CM: 	I didn’t know Lorelei was a musician.
BG:  	Well, no one wants to give her any credit and all that bullshit, you know, so we’re not going to—Lor doesn’t want us to, like, make a big deal out of it.
It’ll be on the next album, though.
Lorelei just lays down this beautiful rill, man, running like a crystal stream behind me…it’s fucking beautiful.
CM:  	Can you sing any of it?
BG:  	Uh.
(hums a bit).
Naw.
I don’t remember it.
The lyrics, though, they’re the best I’ve written.
The tops.
CM:  	Let’s talk for a minute about the songs you wrote for other artists.
A lot of people don’t know that you did that, that your songs are all over the place.
BG: 	Yeah.
CM: 	Can you tell me a bit about them, those other songs?
BG:  	Sure.
CM: 	Who all recorded stuff by you?
It’s been a matter of some speculation for years—that you wrote a lot of stuff using pseudonyms—that we’ll never really know how much of your stuff is out there.
BG:  	There was a period—an era, really—where I was bleeding songs, where they were just flowing out of me.
There was too much stuff for Black Lung.
And some of it didn’t fit the power trio thing, you know?
Some of it was purposely for others, friends, fellow seekers.
I can’t even tell you all of them—partly because I don’t remember and partly because, I think, there are legal complications.
CM:  	What were some of those pseudonyms?
Band Drudgery?
BG: 	(laughs)  Yeah, that was me.
That was on a Cream album, right?
CM:  	Drab Eddy Rung?
BG:  	Um, on Carole King’s third LP, I think.
“Thunder over Scenic Hills.”
CM:  	Randy Grubb?
CM:  	Yeah, yeah.
I used a hundred different names for a hundred different songs.
There’s no way I can remember them all.
BG: 	Tell me some of the artists who recorded your songs?
CM:  	Oh, hell.
Um, the Airplane, Solomon Burke, The Remains, Judy Collins, Ginsberg---
BG:  	Allen Ginsberg.
The poet.
CM:  	Sure.
He did some recording too.
He did, let’s see, “Blues for Sandra Leathers” on his “Cannabis” LP, a sort of raga rendition of it, much changed from the bluesy take on that one that Canned Heat did.
BG:  	I didn’t know you wrote that one.
CM:  	Yeah.
And, “The Rules for Hide and Seek, “ which also showed up on a Canned Heat album, as well as on Judy Collins’ Rainy Somethingorother album.
Uh, Moby Grape did “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling” and “Y Teen Love.”  Skip was a friend for a while, till, you know.
The demons.
He started calling in the middle of the night and reading to me from The Egyptian Book of The Dead and The Prophet.
Poor Skip.
BG:  	Skip Spence, from Moby Grape.
CM: 	That’s right, yes.
BG: 	Who else?
BG:  	Jesus.
Uh, Timmy Hardin used to do “Ms.
Denmark and the One Way Ticket” in his concerts.
I don’t think he ever recorded it.
Richie Havens, of course, had a hit with “The Shell When I Knew It.”  Joan did “Buttermilk Thighs.”  Oh!
(laughs) Crafty recorded “All the Shit that’s Fit to Print.”  (laughs)  I gave him that one.
Of course, he sounded constipated.
He can’t sing to save his life, you know, and his band was, well, second-raters at best.
I think he cut that for Pepper and they sort of threw it away as a single that went nowhere.
The flip side, lemme think, the flip side was…
LE: 	“Macarthur Park.”
BG:  	(laughs)  Right, right.
Hilarious, man.
Fucking hilarious.
He actually sang it like he meant it.
(laughs)  Of course, Skippy played drums for him, so I shouldn’t laugh.
God love ‘em, they had no idea, just no idea.
CM:  	So you wrote a lot of songs…
BG:  	Oh, yeah.
There was a period there where I thought every drop of sweat from my brow was a pearl.
Some of them were.
Some of them, I’m still proud of.
I still love “Sandra Leathers.”  And I like Cocker’s version of “Sins of Monk Casaba.” “Satori at the Bitter Lemon,” “Call it the End of Enchantment,” “ Drudge’s Questions,” “The Dotage of a Fairy Tale Hero”…
LE:  	It was Cassava, dear.
BG: 	Yeah, right.
I don’t remember them all.
For obvious reasons.
I still like “Overton Park Picnic” especially Soft Machine’s version.
“Peace is Declared,” “We Bombed in New Haven,” “Wear your Nehru,” “Iris,” “Art Kane’s Jazz Photograph,” uh, “Chloe’s Ancient Face,” “Jack and Neal and Martin Milner”—(laughs), that one for Tiny Tim.
That still makes me laugh.
You want me to keep going.
“Frank Comma Hesitates.”
CM:  	Sure.
There are a lot---
BG: 	“Surfing the Big Muddy,” of course.
Jan and Dean tried to make a comeback with that one.
Sorry that didn’t work.
Lor, was it Jan or Dean visited us here?
LE: 	Jan.
I think.
BG: 	Right.
“Turn that Damn Stereo Down” by Moving Sidewalks.
The Bugs did “For Kim, Because it All Went by So Fast.”
CM:  	The Bugs?
BG:  	Memphis group.
Did some great stuff and then—poof!—they pulled a Pynchon.
Whereabouts unknown, you know?
I think I was credited there as Dead Byrd Rung.
CM:  	Are there more?
BG: 	Reams, googobs, myriad, sundry, lots and lots and lots.
But, it’s getting boring.
Your readers, you know…
CM:  	We can come back to it.
BG: 	Well, we can….
CM: 	Quickly…
BG:  	I played on one of The Byrds albums, played an upright bass and sang background.
It’s the, what did they call it?
Five D album?
Anyway, that‘s me in the credits, Gary Buddrend.
CM: 	Quickly, let’s run through some of your contemporaries—just gimme the first thing that comes to your mind.
BG: 	Word association.
CM:  	Sort of.
BG:  	Am I being tested?
(laughs)
CM:  	Well…
BG: 	It’s ok, we’re all being tested, right?
Shoot.
Association.
CM:  	Association.
BG:  	(laughs) Oh.
Um…
CM:  	First thing you think of.
BG:  	Could have been better.
Had the smarts.
CM:  	Beatles.
BG:  	Well, separately four talented guys.
Together, gestaltwise, the Tetragrammaton.
CM:  	The Stones.
BG:  	Big.
Blues fakers.
Great blues fakers.
Camp followers
CM: 	Dylan.
BG:  	God.
CM:  	Joni Mitchell.
BG:  	Naked butt.
Great lyrics.
Billion year old carbon.
CM: 	Simon and Garfunkel.
BG:  	Sweet.
CM:  	Four Seasons.
BG:  	Shit.
CM:  	Aretha Franklin.
BG: 	That was a strange segue.
You’re gonna give me the bends.
Christ, Aretha.
I don’t know, man, the voice of our times.
As Billie Holliday was for the rest of the century.
CM:  	The Beach Boys.
BG:  	I can’t get with that surfing crap.
Don’t know.
Pass.
CM:  	Hendrix.
BG:  	Oh, you know, man.
Too personal.
He was beyond all of us.
CM:  	Mungo Jerry?.
BG:  	Who?
CM:  	Bonzo Dog Band.
BG:  	Great stuff.
Underrated.
CM:  	Iron Butterfly.
BG:  	Great chops.
CM:  	1910 Fruitgum Company.
BG:  	(laughs)  I don’t know.
C’mon.
CM: 	The Monkees.
BG:  	Better than they should be.
Better than we know.
CM:  	Bobby Darin.
BG:  	Cool cat.
Met him once.
Cool cat.
CM: 	Ray Charles.
BG:  	Oh, daddy.
Uh, well, he’s just The Man, isn’t he?
I can’t even talk about him.
CM:  	Leonard Cohen.
BG:  	Poet.
Ladies man.
Last romantic, probably won’t live out the 70s.
If there’s a better song than “Joan of Arc” I haven’t heard it.
CM: 	Cream.
BG:  	Tired of being compared to them.
CM: 	Fred Neil.
BG: 	Jerk, but should be better known.
Great songwriter.
CM: 	Phil Ochs.
BG: 	Troubled guy but great pipes and great songwriter.
Man who cares, really cares.
Put his ass on the front lines.
I wish I wrote like him.
CM:  	Laura Nyro.
BG: 	Fine.
She’s fine.
Smooth lady.
“Sweet Blindness”
CM:  	Melanie.
BG:  	Great ass, great in bed.
(laughs)  No, shit, cut that out, Creole.
Don’t get me in trouble, man.
CM:  	Roy Orbison.
BG:  	When he sings “Only the Lonely” the angels weep.
CM: 	The Leaves.
BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
They’ve got it all.
They’re gonna be huge.
CM:  	Carole King.
BG:  	Sweet chick.
Great songs.
CM:  	King Crimson.
BG:  	Don’t know ‘em.
CM:  	Chet Atkins.
BG:  	Great guitarist.
Wish he wasn’t country.
CM:  	Baez.
BG:  	Heroic.
Great chick.
We all owe her.
CM: 	The Fugs.
BG: 	Love ‘em.
I know Tuli, you know, so, we’re tight.
So…
CM:  	Johnny Rivers.
BG: 	If only for “Secret Agent Man” a master.
Probably will be underrated forever.
CM:  	Velvet Underground.
BG:  	Second only to The Beatles.
Yeah, I believe that.
Not for the weak of heart.
CM: 	The Who.
BG: 	Ok, I get you.
Yeah, maybe second only to the Beatles.
Who wants rankings?
The Who are musical dynamite, man.
CM:  	Creedence.
BG:  	You’re hitting the groove now, man.
Oh, baby, where’d they get that sound?
They’re from fucking California.
Swamp rock.
CM:  	The Holy Modal Rounders.
BG:  	Yeah, they’re cool.
I haven’t heard all their stuff.
I like what I’ve heard.
CM: 	Joplin.
BG: 	Sweet baby.
What pipes, man, and sweet, sweet baby.
Miss her every day.
CM: 	Herman’s Hermits.
BG:  	(laughs) Well, I don’t really want this published, I don’t think.
I think they’re fucking wonderful.
CM: 	Tim Hardin.
BG:  	Friend.
CM: 	Dick Dale.
BG:  	Well, you gotta love his axe, right?
Duane Eddy, same thing.
CM: 	Donovan.
BG:  	Hippie stuff but great hippie stuff.
CM: 	Chad and Jeremy.
BG: 	Peter and Gordon.
CM:  	Uh, the Farinas.
BG: 	Oh, what a loss.
Sad, sad.
Man.
Keep moving.
CM: 	Marianne Faithfull.
BG:  	Dead, too, right?
Didn’t she die?
CM:  	Um, no, no…
BG:  	Jagger’s chick.
Sweet voice.
I thought she was dead.
CM: 	Wild Man Fisher.
BG:  	Hey, daddy, how do you know Wild Man?
Oh, wait, I mentioned him.
Are you diddling me?
He’s Zappa’s Frankenstein monster.
(laughs)  Crazy guy, street corner singer.
CM: 	Fleetwood Mac.
BG: 	Peter Green’s group, right?
They’re hip.
Green’s great.
CM: 	Buddy Holly.
BG:  	All rise.
Hats off.
CM: 	Buffalo Springfield.
BG:  	Oh, man, good stuff.
Stills, Young.
“Flying on the Ground,”  yeah.
CM: 	Sam the Sham.
BG:  	He’s my neighbor, man.
Was.
In Memphis, my neighbor.
Great cat, spiritual cat.
CM: 	Miles Davis.
BG:  	Way ahead of us, man.
Not even in the same business.
He’s out there.
We’re, what, we’re playing checkers, he’s playing 3D chess.
CM: 	Howlin’ Wolf.
BG: 	The Bellwether.
Man, the consummate bluesman.
Y’know, we played this gig with him, and this would have been, like right after Turntable hit, and we were headlining.
Can you dig that?
On the posters, we were put above him, man.
I was sick about it.
So, when time came, we just told him, look, you’re going on last.
We warm up for you.
This was toward the end for him, but it was right, you know.
You do what’s right.
CM: 	Gary Lewis and the Playboys.
BG:  	Gimme a break.
Hey, Dad, can I have a rock group and go on Ed?
Shit.
CM:  	Neil Diamond.
BG:  	You’re trying to elicit some kind of crap response, but, I’ll tell you, man.
If I had written “Solitary Man,” anything near as good as “Solitary Man,” I’d die happy.
“I’m a Believer.”  Good stuff.
Brill Building, say what you will.
CM: 	Brenda Lee.
BG: 	Yeah, nice.
I don’t know.
CM: 	Phil Spector.
BG:  	Love the Christmas album.
CM: 	The Doors.
BG:  	Well, to be honest, I think this thing of Morrison being a poet is a load of rubbish.
He’s a poser.
The Doors, however, still cook.
One wonders if Morrison even knows that.
that his guys cook.
CM: 	Woody Guthrie.
BG: 	The Grant Wood of music, and I mean that in a nice way.
CM: 	The Byrds.
BG:  	Cool group.
Where would they be without Dylan?
Maybe just another covers band doing “Hey Joe.”  But, they’re cool guys, smart guys.
CM: 	The Animals.
BG: 	British band stealing American blues.
No, wait, don’t print that.
Uh, Burdon—he’s got some of the best pipes in the business.
A voice made to sing rock and roll.
And, hey, they helped Jimi, so…
CM: 	Dusty Springfield.
BG:  	Funny, she’s British, isn’t it?
She could be from my home town, wants to be.
Sings funky like Carla Thomas, not a small feat for a white woman.
CM: 	Ornette Coleman.
BG: 	He gave us all permission to break the rules.
CM: 	Sandy Denny.
BG: 	Oh, sweet voice, that opaque alto.
Yeah, I dig her.
CM: 	James Brown.
BG: 	Well, I wouldn’t want to cross him.
(laughs)  Naw, man, he’s a pal, a Tennessee guy, and enough funk for ten men.
CM: 	Tiny Tim.
BG: 	I don’t get it.
I like fun as much as the next guy, but I don’t get it.
I wrote that song for him, just for a lark, you know, but, really.
Zappa thinks he’s hilarious.
CM: 	Johnny Cash.
BG: 	Authority.
CM: 	The Guess Who.
BG: 	Great hits band.
CM: 	It’s a Beautiful Day.
BG:  	You know, I don’t know much about them, but Skip Spence gave me an album.
Great chick singer, right?
And, uh, violin?
Is that right?
CM: 	The Kinks.
BG:  	Power chords.
Fat guitar.
I dig that stuff.
CM: 	Led Zeppelin.
BG: 	Great first album.
Promising, yeah, they’re good.
Lousy lyrics, but who cares, right?
CM: 	Mississippi Fred McDowell.
BG: 	Well, he’s a mentor, taught me stuff when I was a pup.
Great man.
CM: 	The Hollies.
BG:  	They’re alright.
Graham came from them, so that’s nice.
He’s a quality human being, you know?.
CM: 	Charlie Christian.
BG: 	Oh, beautiful stuff.
Listen to that guitar, baby.
The first lead guitar, you know what I mean?
He was, the first lead.
CM: 	Jethro Tull.
BG:  	Just catching them, man, but that singer has it all.
Great stage show, plays the hell out of that fucking flute.
Who’d’ve thought of the flute for rock and roll, you know?
CM: 	Gene Pitney.
BG:  	“Man Who Shot Liberty Valance.”  I don’t care what else he did.
CM: 	Lee Michaels.
BG:  	I don’t—
CM:  	Had the big hit, “Do You Know What I Mean?’
BG:  	Yeah, yeah, pumping organ, man.
Probably a one hitter, but, still, nice voice.
CM: 	The Pretty Things.
BG:  	How many more of these you got, man?
CM:  	We can pretty much go on all afternoon.
Or stop.
Your choice.
BG:  	Gimme a few more.
I don’t want to sound like a blowhard.
Do I sound like a blowhard?
Like I know more than anyone else?
Man, the thirteen year old kid buying his LPs at Corondolet, knows as much as me, you know?
It’s all subjective.
Or is that objective?
Subjective.
I don’t have any insider knowledge, you know, it’s just what I think, what I see from here.
CM:  	The Pretty Things.
BG: 	I’ve listened to their stuff.
Heavy into psychedelia, which is fine, fine.
CM: 	Fever Tree.
BG:  	Very funny.
I told you about Fever Tree.
CM: 	Memphis Minnie.
BG: 	Dirty blues, between-the-legs blues.
Where I’m from she’s sacred, you know, Church music.
CM: 	Leslie Gore.
BG:  	Get over it, sweetheart.
CM: 	Iron Butterfly.
BG:  	Did them.
You’ve left a lot of people out, too, of course.
CM: 	Your influences go so far back, hither and yon.
In this way, you’ve been compared to Presley, Dylan, as a conduit of disparate inspiration.
You seem to take musical stimulation from so many, so many different artists.
BG: 	If you say so.
CM:  	Sorry…um, Jerry Lee Lewis.
BG:  	Well, the Killer, you know, Memphis guy, so, yeah.
He scares me a little (laughs)—inferiority complex about Elvis, probably, but great on the 88s, right?
CM: 	Taj Mahal.
BG:  	Oh, man.
If there was justice he’d be as big as the Stones.
CM: 	Uh—
BG:  	That’s enough.
Right?
Gimme one more.
CM: 	Van Morrison.
BG:  	Soul poet.
Good, huh?
Soul poet?
CM:  	Yeah.
BG:  	Alright.
CM: 	Tell me how you and Lorelei met.
BG:  	Hoo.
Was that a smooth transition?
Did I miss something?
From Van Morrison to Lorelei.
That’s a story, isn’t it, sweet?
Um.
It was at the Shell.
Black Lung was playing, one of our first headlining gigs, I think.
I came off stage after the encore, after we’d done a cooking version of “I Love my Aunt Jemima,” Skippy going wild like a man possessed, and maybe he was, man, maybe he was.
This was Memphis, those things are real, man.
No one looks askance at a little theurgy, you know, a little of that Memphis Mojo, that hoodoo that brought us everything from W. C. to Isaac to Booker to Big Star to Jism.
I been playing rock, blues, jazz, ruckus, fife-and-drum, what have you, all my life.
Call it what you want.
Good music, man, always out of that town on the river.
You think that’s just coincidence.
Naw, man, that’ hoodoo.
What was I saying?
CM:  	You—
BG:  	Yeah, yeah, Lor and me.
So, I come offstage.
I’m sweating, I’m tripping, I’m like zoned out.
I always felt that way after soaring, you know?
I fly when I play.
I mean this literally.
You read Castaneda?
Anyway, there standing in my way, like fucking Lot’s wife, was this raven-haired beauty, and I had this strange idea, man, that we had conjured her, that the music had brought her into being.
You can’t understand.
Or maybe you can.
You know Memphis.
I really felt like here was a woman made of soul and blood and electricity and philharmonic, eldritch diablerie, you know?
I thought she was fucking Terpsichore, man.
And she was so beautiful—she IS so beautiful—that I was stopped like a clock.
I was a man hit in the heart with a sledgehammer.
She just reached out and took my hand.
It was that simple, that profound.
She was looking right into me, like I was a sideshow mirror, and maybe I was, man.
Distorting images, throwing off suncats.
She saw it all, clear as crystal.
We went to her place that afternoon.
She had this Midtown apartment—I don’t know if I can do it justice.
It was the most filled room I’d ever seen.
Clutter, but, taken as a whole, it all made sense.
She called it Plat-Eye Manor, after her dog, Plat-Eye.
Her three-headed dog.
(laughs)  That was some dog, used to sit next to me and fix me with its glassy eye, just sit there for hours, man, and I’d end up thinking we were talking.
I can still remember some of the conversations I had with that damned dog.
It was black and tan, mostly black—what was it, a mix, part Rottweiler and part hellhound.
There was no place for the eye to rest, no blank walls, no white spaces.
And this is like Lorelei herself, really, she is made up of so many parts, she’s a Steppenwolf, in the best sense of that word, a house of mirrors, each part of her reflects a different part of yourself once you get to know her or her you, you dig?
Anyway, I spent a good half-hour just looking around, while she stood aside and observed me.
I was spellbound, pixilated.
It was a ramshackle, poor man’s Kubla Kahn.
I walked slowly around her little apartment, which was like some chthonic art gallery, lit by phosphorous.
She had art reproductions by Klee, Gironella, Motherwell, Picabia, Bacon, this weird Malcolm Morley yellow pages thing, Ensor, on and on.
Twombly.
There was a mandala on the ceiling, a pentangle on the floor, what you could see, through the album covers and splayed paperbacks and drawings.
It was strange stuff to me, eye-opening, shocking in a way.
That shock that comes from knowing something is important but not knowing exactly why.
And she had in between all these great prints, torn newspapers, headlines juxtaposed against this great art, you know?
And her own drawings, little line drawings of dwarves and headless figures and skulls and djinns.
And poems, typed and tacked to the wall.
I remember one, in particular, an Aztec poem, and it began, “Rejoice, rejoice, my flower king, you own many jewels—“ and I thought, wow, that’s for me, man.
It was an egotistical reaction, I know.
Where “Flower King” comes from.
And there were these little altars she had constructed, with tiny clay figures and candles.
And the floor—what there was of it (laughs)—like I say, was awash in album covers and books.
Books stacked in these tottering towers.
Names I’d never heard of, at that time: Kis, Malcolm Lowry, Svevo, Madame Blavatsky, Fludd, Dee, Goncharov, Bruno Schulz, Philip Wylie, Whatsername Yates, Blake, Maturin, Borges, Marie-Louise von Franz,  a book called History of Secret Societies, one, I think called On the conjuring of angels.
It was mind-boggling.
The Book of the Sacred Magic of Abramelin the Mage.
I felt like I was in a secret underground lab, a lab for the soul.
It was trippy, a mindfuck, you know, but beautiful.
And this woman, this witchy, beautiful woman embodied all this stuff, she was her surroundings, her home, her personal halidom.
And she stood there, as silent as the grave, watching me, and, finally—I was dizzy—I turned back to her.
And she looked like the answer to every question I’d ever had.
Her breasts seemed, particularly, to invite me, to suckle there, to be born again.
Do you want me to continue?
You want the rest here?
Lor?
LE: 	Tell the truth, sweet.
CM: 	Sure.
Um, yes, continue.
If it’s too private—you decide.
We can always edit later.
I’m, uh, intrigued.
BG: 	Well, obviously, we ended up in the bedroom that first evening.
I think she walked over to me and simply whispered, fuck me.
I think it was that straightforward.
There was no bullshit about Lor—there still isn’t.
We ended up on her bed, which is a story in itself.
Sixteenth century bed, bedclothes like in a harem…I felt like I was returning to the womb—the bed was that enveloping, that warm.
Oh, man.
I don’t know if I can tell this.
When we were naked—she was like some preternatural creature, her body’s every curve fit me like a new skin.
When she pressed her breasts against me I was gone, man.
And I had this erection, it was beyond human somehow, hard as anthracite—you could hang your coat on it (laughs) and she worked her hand around me like a necromancer casting a spell.
Just her fingers over me were like cool water.
Jesus.
I can’t.
Let’s just say, that after the preliminaries, which took hours, days maybe, she sat on me, and I entered her, and she was hot like sulfur, like a volcano.
Tophet.
Her cunt was hot, and I fell so deeply into her that I haven’t come out yet.
Can you dig that?
I haven’t come out yet.
In a way, we are still in that first fuck, that first joining.
Lorelei was my salvation.
All that stuff about me going awry is such bullshit, if you could see it the way I see it.
So much nasty stuff has been written and said about Lor—Crafty, shit I can’t forgive him—and she’s handled it all with such grace.
But, in a very profound way, I am still inside her.
My dick, my soul.
I don’t know.
Maybe we should erase all this.
What do you think?
LE:  	It’s beautiful, Bud.
Let it lie.
Let it be.
CM: 	Your song, “The Ballad of Buddy and Lor”—is that a parody of Lennon’s “The Ballad of John and Yoko?”
BG:  	An homage.
While at the same time being the true story.
CM:  	You begin that song, “Standing on the dock of the bay…”
BG:  	For Otis, yes.
CM:  	Did you ever meet Otis Redding?
BG:  	Briefly.
I was a kid.
He wouldn’t remember.
CM:  	And he’s dead.
BG:  	Even worse.
CM:  	“The Ballad of Buddy and Lor” was released as a single but never appeared on an LP, am I right?
BG: 	 Partly.
It appeared on an Atlantic LP of uncollected gems, along with some of Felix Cavaliere’s solo stuff, an Aretha demo, stuff like that.
CM:  	What was it called?
BG:  	Uncollected Gems.
CM:  	Worth seeking out, for collectors, for completists.
BG:  	If you say so.
My song was a gift to Atlantic because Ahmet and I were friends.
Much of what’s on there was crap.
CM:  	Yet, you never recorded on Atlantic.
BG:  	Well, that’s all that business bullshit again.
Ask Crafty, ask fucking Tony Hudson, he’s a lawyer.
They screwed me, plain and simple.
Well, plain and simple, except I don’t understand it all.
All I know is that all that old Black Lung stuff—the stuff they know is mine (laughs)—that’s all tied up somehow.
Ask Pete, my lawyer.
He’s working on it, as we speak.
While we sleep.
Pete is tireless, a true mensch, a force.
He’ll straighten out those fuckers.
Meanwhile, I’m on Hounddog Records, ironically, an L.A. outfit.
I guess the name drew me or was created for me.
Lorelei would say the label was there for me when I came out here, that it appeared when I appeared.
Literally, I think there was some stuff they did before my two LPs, but, you get the idea, right?
Hounddog’s done alright.
Hell, we had a #1 with I Was a Child and then, the Grammy, of course.
Can’t take that away from me.
It’s done, you know, for all time.
I won that damn Grammy.
Still the best song I’ve written, for Lor, she’s the muse.
Maybe she really is Terpsichore.
Maybe she is.
CM:  	Do you have any regrets about leaving Memphis?
BG:  	Well, I guess I knew you were gonna ask me that.
It’s a bullshit question.
Sorry, Creole, but, damn man.
Regrets?
Look at what I’ve done out here.
Have you listened to the fucking albums?
CM:  	Still, many say, it isn’t Black Lung.
BG:  	(long pause) Creole, you’re a friend, man.
We go way back.
Be careful, ok?
Saying it isn’t Black Lung, you might as well say, it isn’t Rubber Soul, it isn’t Sinatra.
It isn’t what it isn’t.
That’s true.
I’m not what I was.
Are you?
Is anybody?
Does anybody need another “Turntable Poison?”  I don’t.
I fucking don’t.
What I need is to keep moving—I’m repeating myself—but all this nostalgia shit, man, it’s for people who are dead.
What did Dylan say?
“Something’s going on here but you don’t know what it is.”  That’s it, man.
When he plugged in he changed music, but he can’t plug in again, you know?
And he went backwards after that, because he’s the jester, man, and by going backwards, like Merlin, he was going forward.
Dylan’s always been a bellwether, though he hates that thought.
I don’t want to be anyone’s bellwether, either.
Bob told me once, he said, “You never play your old stuff.
Man, I wish I could get away with that.”  See, he’s sick of “Like a Rolling Stone.”  He’s trapped, he feels trapped.
In a way, in one way.
In another it’s part of him so he can’t deny it, like you can’t deny your arm, or your soul.
No, I’ll never play, “Young Avenue Blues” again, though it’s a great song.
And I won’t let anyone else play it like it’s theirs.
Fucking hell.
That’s why I got Pete around.
He’s a demon man, he’s a fucking Cannibal Spirit.
(laughs)  Stay out of courts, man, that’s my motto.
Better stay away from those that carry round a firehose.
(laughs) Keep a clean nose.
(garbled)
CM:  	Um.
Pete is Pete Holder, your lawyer.
And Hudson is Tony Hudson.
Tell the readers who he is.
BG:  	Shit.
Think Boogie Man.
Think Pazuza.
He’s the antichrist.
He broke up Black Lung, not Lorelei, not me.
The minute that raincloud in a suit walked into our studio—our fucking studio, where we made magic, man, where it all happened—the minute he walked in, in his appropriate sharkskin suit, we were fucked.
Crafty brought him in, of course.
He was Kim’s father, as you know.
Crafty’s fiancé, since wife, since ex-wife.
Kim was alright—you know, she had that mane of golden-white hair, she was beautiful, goddamn beautiful.
We all wanted her.
That’s ok to say, Lor?
We all wanted her because, hell, she had that skin, you know, translucent and freckled and white like yonder waning moon.
But, she was Crafty’s, sort of.
It’s funny.
Everywhere they went men hit on Kim, no one could help it, and Crafty was so insecure, you know?
He hated it.
He hated going out with her.
Maybe it led to the divorce, I don’t know the details.
But, Kim we loved.
Back then.
It was her father, man.
He was a cunt.
And he started manipulating Crafty and then us, through Crafty.
And he would have these fits, like epileptic fits, like anger that couldn’t be dammed.
He was out of control.
I think he’s still trying to worm his way into the music business—I don’t really know.
But he didn’t know a fucking thing about music or the business and he wanted a part of Black Lung, because it looked like we were the next Cream, the next Experience, the next Mountain.
Whatever.
He just wanted a slice of the pie, man.
And I was like, I throw my hands up, just let me record and keep me away from the jackals, you know?
But, well, eventually, I had to get Pete.
Pete was Jim Dickinson’s friend.
Jim’s a pure soul, a force for good, the Wise Man of the Forest, you know?
He told me once, “Watch out for that shithead, Hudson.
Just be careful.”  And then he said (laughs), “But, damn, isn’t that Kim a piece of work?” (laughs)
CM:  	You describe Dickinson as the Wise Old Man, what do you mean by that?
BG:  	You know, Creole, you know the man.
Wise One, in, I think it’s Navajo—no Apache culture, maybe it’s Navajo, too--he was the younger brother of Killer-of-enemies, part of a holy pair.
That’s Sid and Jim.
(laughs)
CM:  	And you ever hear from Tony Hudson?
BG: 	 Naw, fuck man, that’s Pete’s gig.
I know sometimes Pete talks to him—I can tell from some things I hear—but he’s so sweet to me, he keeps me out of it.
Tony Hudson—he screwed The Airplane, too, from the story that I got—that’s part of the West Coast myth of the guy—he thinks part of his cachet, you know?
But Pete’s—
LE: 	He’s family.
BG:  	Exactly.
He’s my brother.
LE:  	And your father.
BG:  	True.
I have many fathers.
Including my real father, who has left the earthly plane, as they say.
Yet, he’s with me every day.
Every day.
CM:  	And your mother, she’s still alive?
BG:  	Still living in Memphis.
Well, Bartlett.
CM:  	Do you talk to her often?
BG:  	Often, no.
CM: 	Why is that?
BG:  	Nothing Freudian, Creole.
You know, we live in circles, they keep turning, sometimes the circle includes someone and sometimes it doesn’t, and sometimes it turns back around and involves that person, you know?
Right now, my circle is me and Lorelei.
And my music, which is a manifestation of us.
A reflection.
CM:  	You mention mirrors often, are you aware of that?
BG:  	Do I?
CM:  	Do you know why that could be?
BG:  	No.
CM: 	It seems that Black Lung was breaking up from the very beginning.
In its beginnings is its end.
BG:  	Everything perishes from an excess of its first principle.
I forget who said that.
But, that’s right.
We were dead the day we formed.
But that’s right, that’s process, that’s life.
Read The Upanishads.
But, see, I was Black Lung.
Black Lung was me.
I could have had Bozo the Clown and My Favorite Martian backing me, it didn’t matter.
I wrote the songs, I played those hot licks, I sang the fucking songs, right?
You can dig that.
It’s not ego, man, it’s just what was.
That’s what’s so sad about Crafty—I mean, what would he be doing if I hadn’t formed Black Lung?
He’d be fucking pumping gas, man, he’d be dealing.
He’d be selling Krystals.
Because he ain’t that smart.
But, yeah, we were cracking up even as we rose.
Maybe rising causes dissolution, right, you can dig that.
Like Icarus.
Or, it’s like Adam and Eve, you know, paradise is full of apples, full of snakes.
We were in paradise briefly, as we cut that album, made those songs happen, we had it all, chicks, drugs, some money—though they screwed us of course.
We should have been bigger, gotten better contracts.
I don’t care about that.
But, I do care about my songs, man, my damn songs.
I wrote ‘em and they’re mine and no one can ever take that away, turn the clock back, rewrite history.
I was Black Lung.
I was “Blues for Wendy Ward,” “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  And, you know, in the end, it’s as a songwriter that I will be remembered.
CM: 	Really, rather than a guitar wiz?
BG:  	Yeah, yeah, the songs.
That’s what I care about.
That’s why my new stuff is so important to me.
Lor, is that right?
LE: 	Yeah, the songs are immortal.
They are footprints on the moon.
You understand?
BG: 	Exactly, they’re the marks I’ve made against the creeping of the reaper.
Kill me now, but forever, they’ll hear my voice, forever those words will be out there, battling against philistinism, against commercialism, against Moloch.
Ok?
CM:  	Um, drugs.
Did drugs play a large part of your creative process?
BG:  	No.
Well, I mean, it was the sixties.
Drugs were everywhere.
In the air.
When the Beatles dropped acid, when Leary made his famous pronouncement, I mean it was so public.
Blame it, LSD, on Cary Grant.
(laughs) At first legal—when I started, Dad, though soon illegal, which is weird.
I think acid was illegal.
Is it legal now?
No, no, it’s not.
LSD-25, specifically, you know, I mean, everyone had it—it came to Memphis from Frisco on sugar cubes, I think.
It was at the Bitter Lemon, you know, and I’d go there—I was, shit, I don’t know, 16 or something.
Man.
Anyway, did I use it to write?
Some, I guess.
It opens doors, if you want to do that.
Huxley, you know.
If you want to do that, you have to be prepared.
It’s not for everyone—I think Zappa insists on being straight, which is his record label.
And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
“Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
“Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.
And Coltrane—everyone wanted to play like Coltrane, who credited acid with some of his wilder stuff—the stuff that was so influential.
Pretty soon it was right there on albums, you know—psychedelia, via the laboratory.
Psychedelic rock was just acid put to music, you know.
Suddenly there were drug songs.
“White Rabbit.”  “Amphetamine Annie.” “She Said She Said,” supposedly.
Everyone thinks “Open Channel D” is about turning on, man, but, no, no, you get the reference.
I mean, sure, open your mind, yeah, that’s psychedelia’s code-word.
I wrote “Strawberry Fields for a While” on acid, appropriately.
I mean, I did it on purpose.
I wanted to answer John, send him a valentine as it was, and I thought, well, I should be tripping because that’s such a trippy song, you know?
So, I did that.
I used grass a lot, still do.
Can you print that?
(laughs) Can they arrest me if you print that?
When I was with other musicians, I mean, it was something you just did.
At the bed-in, I mean everyone was tripping.
CM:  	John and Yoko’s Bed-in for Peace?
BG: 	Do you know another Bed-in?
Yeah, there.
Tommy and Lennon and I, I don’t remember, someone had some sugar cubes.
It might have been Donovan.
Was he there?
I can’t remember.
(laughs)  Yeah, I did drugs.
Ok, I wrote “Burn my Bridges” on speed, which is an angry drug, and it’s such an angry song.
I don’t know, it’s not one of my favorites now, even though it’s newish.
I wrote it one night—I think Lor and I had had a fight,  a rare fight, and she had gone to a girlfriend’s house and I just thought, fuck it, I’m gonna do speed and stay up all night.
I didn’t plan on writing.
I thought, I’ll just speed and watch late night TV—there was some John Agar movie on—You dig John Agar?
No?
Don’t know him?
Anyway, I was sitting there and there was a legal pad on the coffee table because earlier in the day I had tried writing a song about my mother—don’t ask—and it was sitting there like an invitation and I was speeding like a hell-rooster, man, and I just picked up the pad and this big fat marker, I mean I was writing these huge thick letters on the  page (laughs) and I just started, “You were mean to me/Leave me alone, let me sit in my tree/You were a snake, I needed you then/you were like bad heroin.”  And I ripped the whole thing off in about an hour.
And I recorded it that night in my living room, fingers tearing over my strings till they bled, I was playing so hard, like Richie, and that song, that was recorded in my home—it sounds like it.
But it was born of anger, and so, well, it’s not one of my faves.
Lor came back about dawn and I was still up and I was crying, just sitting there crying with the guitar in my lap, and she put her arms around me, and that’s the story of that song.
Last time I took speed.
LE: 	“Strawberry Fields for Only a Little While.”
BG:  	What?
LE: 	The full title.
And you re-recorded “Burn my Bridges” in the studio, which is why it sounds sweeter than you think it does.
BG:  	Right.
(laughs)  She knows better than I do, I swear she does.
She’s my historian.
Here’s let’s switch places, Lor, You sit here.
(garbled)
CM: 	You said somewhere that you could make your guitar speak.
Explain that.
BG:  	Well, yeah, I can make my guitar speak, it’s secondary if I can sing lyrics or write lyrics, you know.
My guitar does a lot of talking.
Like Zappa’s “My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama.”  (laughs)  But, sure, I’ve made it talk, talk for me, if you want that spin on it.
CM:  	Like on what songs?
BG:  	Well, shit, all the Black Lung stuff.
That’s what those ridiculous solos are about.
I love ‘em man, but, I wanted more than that.
You understand.
That guitar bit on “Mr.
Handy and Hakel-Bärend,” it’s great, I mean, it’s fucking soaring, isn’t it?
I was talking then, telling my audience things that maybe only other musicians, artists, painters understand.
I was talking through my sweat, man, through my blood.
You dig?
But, I can’t play that anymore.
I can’t talk with an electric guitar anymore, man.
It’s dishonest, somehow.
I want more direct contact.
I wanna sit down with you and talk about life, man, because it’s hard, you know?
In the dark, in our closed rooms, it’s hard.
That’s what I’m saying.
Lonely’s ok when you’re seventeen, but, man, we’re not seventeen anymore.
I wanna talk about that.
I mean, I love performing, but I also gotta spend time just playing for me, just me and the guitar, so I learn the message, so I understand.
CM:  	Let’s backtrack a little.
I wanna talk about “Turntable Poison,” in particular some of the things that have been written about it.
Some analysts of the record see things in it, which I’ve heard you deny, yet, there does seem to be something underneath the surface of these songs, something darker.
Dave Marsh described it as “Mansonish deviltry mixed with Buffalo Springfield lyrics and Cream jams.”  It’s this Charlie Manson element that I’d like to hear you talk about, this school of thought that the record is some sort of coded message, a hint of what was to come, a gateway to the Apocalypse, according to Crawdaddy.
BG:  	Is that a question?
CM:  	It’s a whole area of question.
It’s a school of thought—surely you’ve heard or read some of this.
But I’ve never heard you talk about it.
BG:  	I dropped out of school, especially schools of thought.
CM: 	Um--
BG: 	You got kids playing records backwards, you got kids hearing drug references in everything, from “Lucy in the Sky” to “In Real Time”.
You got academics plumbing rock music now for the kind of meanings they dug out of Wordsworth and Coleridge.
Everyone’s in there digging around, rooting around.
Man, all you gotta do to be plumbed is write gibberish, this is proven, these guys they love obscure.
You know?
They live on obscure.
I don’t want any part of it.
Why I stripped back, not just my instrumentation but my lyrics.
I got simpler.
Some people, some back-biting curs, I might say, said I got stupider, that my two “California” LPs represent some kind of nadir for rock music, right up there with Self Portrait and “My Love” and Satanic Majesties Royal Request or whatever the hell that thing is called.
I’m here to tell you, you got one person, man.
When you’re a writer, you got one person.
As close as I am to Lorelei, when I’m in there, when I’m at the typewriter or guitar or keyboard, I’m all alone, man, a chilling kind of alone, and I’m conscienceless, ruthless.
You write because you’ve got to man, because it’s your guts that are hurting, your guts that are in need of something.
And you’re gonna find that thing, even as it keeps receding from view, even as the more you go forward the farther away it gets.
You ever been to the beach man?
Seen those little clams, tiny little fuckers, that dive as you dig around them.
They just keep burrowing downward, and the faster you dig the deeper they go (is that a Beatle’s line?
something like that) (laughs).
Anyway, those little fuckers defy your best efforts, they’re almost always gonna be quicker than you.
That’s what writing is, man, it just keeps going farther into the sand, the thing you’re looking for, the thing that’ll make it all alright.
It just stays beyond you, just out of your grasp.
And that’s how it should be, man, because otherwise why would you keep digging?
Why keep looking if it’s easy to find?
What were we talking about?
CM:  	Uh…some people see in your “California” LPs a kind of return to innocence, a willful perspective that is more Edenic, or childlike.
Would you say that you are seeking innocence with your recent work, that you are moving toward artlessness?
BG:  	You would say that.
I think you just did say that.
Artlessness?
Hm.
I wouldn’t have used that word, but I like it.
Yes, strip off the artifice, cut off the fat.
Too many rock lyricists—you can think of them as well as I can, say, that guy with Procol Harum, or that Emerson Lake and Palmer shit, or some of Jim’s stuff, which, to be honest, I can’t stomach, all that lizard king shit—they’re purposely making with the lit-rock attitude, you know?
They want you to study their lyrics.
I mean, “An idiot reigns in the ancient trees of the night,” or whatever the hell he says.
Shit.
What I’m saying, in a song like “Love for Lorelei” or “The Golden Apples of the Song”—new stuff, you haven’t heard it yet-- is that, here are my words, man, here’s my life in words.
What I’m saying is what I mean.
If I sing “I love you” over and over, that’s truth, man, that’s where I’m coming from, because I mean it, because I’m singing to Lor, and I love her, there’s no secret to it, there’s no murkiness, no florid touches, it’s just raw, like art should be, raw, simple, full of emotion.
“I Want to Hold Your Ass While You Move”—I wrote that after a particularly beautiful night of lovemaking.
I don’t care, you know.
I don’t care if people think it’s too personal, too open, too—what?—minimal or plain and straightforward.
I mean, some people don’t like that in their art, they can’t take that.
It’s like Pop Art, which Lor turned me on to.
What these guys are saying is, it’s simple, man, art is all around you.
It’s soup cans, it’s goats, it’s flags.
Take another look.
Look around real good, man, because the world is full of beauty and it doesn’t have to be heavy and obscure and arty.
You can just say what you mean.
So, yeah, in that way, artlessness was what I was going for.
Which, in the end, is the ultimate art.
It’s a paradox, in a way, isn’t it?
Ask Lorelei.
LE:  	Art is good, simple, pure.
Like Rain and Other Distractions.
BG:  	Thank you, sweet.
LE: 	That’s what you’ve been saying.
Some people listen.
Others don’t.
BG:  	Right.
CM:  	Or “Train Tracks and Junk Tracks.”
BG:  	Well, yeah, ok.  That’s actually a re-working of an old Skip James song, but, yeah, I was talking about junk, about some of those we’ve lost.
Myself.
I’ll say it here.
I was talking about that road, which is so easy, so out there for the asking.
And I took it, because, at the time, it seemed another way to go.
I’m off the junk now.
Off it for good.
Or, Lor would kill me.
(laughs)
CM:  	We’ve been over the drug thing…
BG:  	Right, right.
Let’s leave it.
It’s done to death, so to speak.
CM:  	(laughs)
(garbled)
CM:	…and the hometown thing.
Memphis still counts you as one of its own, yet you don’t talk about it much.
BG:  	Creole, you know Memphis.
It’s like this great soup of soul and funk and blues and rock’n’roll and you never get it out of your blood.
A gumbo, an olio.
It’s fucking invasive.
I didn’t leave Memphis behind.
I’ve never said that.
That cool, brown water is still in my veins, that under-the-surface groove that only that city knows.
You know it.
You’ve got it, too, right?
the Memphis Jones?
Yeah, yeah.
It’s just a city, in some ways, just another stop, but, in other, more profound ways, it’s like a spell, a magical place that conjures music and feeling and, oh, what?
a sort of inbred homegrown soul.
But, its’ the inbred that’s dangerous, right?
Like a cancer, or like unrequited love.
All angels are dangerous, Rilke said.
Memphis is an angel, a city of angels.
I miss it.
CM:  	It surprises me to hear you say that.
BG:  	I don’t know why it should.
I was raised there, man.
I played my first notes there.
I imbibed that Southern funk as if it were honeyed air.
You can take the South—wait, shit, how does that go?
CM:  	You can take the boy out of the South…
BG:  	Ok.  Yeah.
Am I being inconsistent?
You left Memphis.
CM:  	I still have an apartment there.
BG:  	(laughs)  Shit.
Right.
I still have an apartment there.
Me, too.
Only it’s not real.
You know?
Besides, Lor wasn’t from there, you know?
So, she doesn’t get all that mojo shit.
All that groove.
She comes from the Midwest.
She comes from nowhere.
That’s what she says.
I don’t know where she went or she’d tell you, but it was her idea to come out here and it’s worked out great, man.
I mean, look at this.
Look at the work I’m doing.
I’ve never been so content.
CM: 	Contentment is good.
BG:  	That’s a question?
CM:  	Uh…
BG: 	 Listen, contentment, after the tumultuary lifestyle rock’n’roll throws at you, is bliss, man.
It’s the fucking pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
Not stagnation, if that’s what you’re implying---
CM: 	I was—
BG: 	I haven’t been stagnant because I’ve been still.
It’s Buddhist, isn’t it?
I mean, sitting still while the winds blow.
Winds of change, winds of creativity.
Lorelei has taught me much, man, many things I can’t even tell you.
You’ll get it—you’ll see where it’s all been heading.
Anyway, Memphis, yeah, it’s still part of that—the signpost on the road.
Memphis still burbles up through even my most contented piece of songwriting, still smolders underneath it all.
So many musicians came through Memphis, man, came through, came from.
Some never got any recognition, yet they fed the stream, they kept the mojo alive.
Bluesmen who played because playing was what they did.
Making ruckus.
They didn’t have record contracts, they never made money.
They played for fifty bucks a night, some beer, a little pussy.
Early, early.
There are names that aren’t even on the list, yet they made it all happen, for later cats, for B.
B., for Furry, for Gatemouth.
There’s this cat, Beaureguard somebody, played his whole life, man, his whole fucking life, lived in Midtown Memphis, played all the gigs there were back then—and we’re talking back in the Ur days, the days before electricity.
And he lived to be, oh I don’t know, 117 or something ridiculous.
Never made it, you know, never cut a record for Chess or whoever.
But the music was important, it flowed through him, this cat.
I saw him once, in a tent show—Furry was there—and he just blew everybody away, played with a broken bottle for a slide, old shitbox guitar—and he just blew everybody away.
He’s in here man, in me, in all the cats who came after.
That’s Memphis.
That’s what I’m talking about.
You wanna talk heritage, Memphis is lousy with heritage, with a lineage like no place else.
And it’s so pure, man.
It runs like a crystal stream, or like Big Muddy, runs through all of us.
I’m proud to be from Memphis, man.
Don’t write nothing else.
Don’t write that shit about Buddy Gardner sold his soul for California gold.
That’s shit, man.
And it makes me mad.
Who wrote that?
Some fucker in Crawdaddy or Creem.
I don’t believe the amount of manure that’s been written about me since I left Memphis.
You set the record straight, Creole.
I’m counting on you, man.
CM:  	Uh, so you discount all the stuff about you going, uh, soft, cutting your roots---
BG:  	Naw, naw.
It’s all alright.
I got no axes to grind.
It’ll all be clear in the end.
You’ll see.
It’s part of a larger thing, you know?
Part of a grander scale, if you will.
I’m writing like a madman, now, it’s all good, it’s gonna come out alright.
CM: 	Uh, let’s see.
When you write do you just sit down with the guitar?
Or do the lyrics come first?
BG:  	Have we already talked about this?
Why does this sound familiar?
Maybe I’m deja vuing.
Anyway, I do it both ways.
Sometimes the lyrics come out, you know, like a poem, when I’m shaving or in the bath.
Or first thing in the morning, you have to jump from bed and scribble them down.
Like the phrase “Her glances could break arms.”  I just woke up with that, you know.
Those are gifts.
I don’t know where they come from.
It’s that old question, whether, you know, writing comes from experience or from, like, some deeper place that you tap into, something mythical, the collective Jung-thing.
So, yeah, lyrics sometimes just happen and I have to wrap them up in melody.
Other times I just sit and strum, wool-gathering, you know, and strumming and a tune will develop or maybe words with a tune.
I like to have my guitars in my hand.
A lot of creativity happens because I like to have my guitars in my hand.
CM:  	You play a number of different guitars---How many do you have?
BG: 	Oh.
Uh, I think fifty-five.
CM: 	Really?
BG:  	I have this thing for stringed instruments—I can just about play any of them.
CM:  	Really?
BG:  	Sure.
Bass, viol, banjo (4 or 5 string), mandolin, even the fucking harp.
Though I’m not Harpo I can wring some pretty stuff from it.
Dulcimer, of course.
Violoncello.
Got a beautiful 18th century, Italian one that Lor got me for my birthday.
Incredible sound.
Got this Jaura Baryton that’s just exquisite.
Museum piece really, so I only use it here.
Uh…
CM:  	Don’t you use some dobro on the newer LPs?
BG:  	Very little.
The dobro is like an occupation.
I’m still learning.
It’s like yoga—you’re always seeking a perfection that stays just beyond your reach, because it’s supposed to.
You never conquer it.
The dobro is holy.
I have a teacher, a guy out here, you’ve never heard of him—he’s done some studio stuff, but mostly he just plays for himself and his students.
He lives up in the hills, inherited money from, what was it, adding machines or some office supply.
He’s an office supply heir.
Anyway, he’s teaching me dobro.
It’s a discipline, like any other.
I love the dobro but, never, never would I claim to be master of it.
CM:  	I’ve got a review here of Rain and Other Distractions.
BG: (	laughs, garbled comment)
CM:  	“Gardner seems content,” it says, “to wallow in the worst kind of self-pitying schmaltz, the kind of thing that Lennon kept McCartney away from, or Simon from Garfunkel.
This album represents something sad about 60s rock—the road we thought led to the New Eden, instead led us back to Vegas, with a fat Elvis and a Rat Pack of self-congratulating back-slappers.
This is James Taylor instead of St. James Infirmary.
James Taylor, as if he’d forgotten how to play “Steamroller.” It’s lounge rock”
BG: 	Who wrote that crap?
Where was that?
CM:  	In Sum Times.
Memphis reviewer.
BG:  	He should know better.
CM:  	She.
BG: 	That’s worse, somehow.
Shit.
Nah.
It’s all good.
In the end, it’s all good.
LE:  	You’re still growing instead of settling, that’s what’s so hard for them to understand.
America doesn’t want its artists to grow.
We resist change even if it’s leading somewhere positive.
Look at Dylan, look at Larry Rivers.
Orson Welles..
BG: 	Lor knows.
In the end, Lor knows.
It’s all good.
What’s this chick’s name?
CM: 	Well…
BG:  	Right, right.
Forget it.
Who needs it?
I don’t read that shit anyway, you know?
If I wrote what people told me to write I’d still be doing “Open Channel D.”
CM:  	Great song.
BG: 	It’s a fucking great song.
Of course, it is.
But, still, do you say to Larry Rivers, do that Washington thing again?
Do you tell Jasper Johns to stop painting flags, or keep painting flags, or whatever?
Tell Dylan, write another “Rolling Stone.”  I mean, hell, that’s why artists are artists, they’re going places, traveling, leaving the cave to seek the truth, man, not to join other seekers.
Like Townshend said.
I don’t care, man.
I don’t care.
Just gimme my money and let me get into the studio with my guitar and let me sing the songs that I sing.
Anything else is lagniappe, unnecessary, maya.
CM:  	Money, you said…
BG:  	Yeah, fucking money.
What do you think, we live on air out here, man?
Gimme my money, I’ve earned it.
I’ve been doing this my whole fucking life.
Yeah, I deserve some money for that.
CM:  	And these last two albums have been your biggest sellers.
BG:  	That’s right.
I made money—take away my Hippie merit badge, send me to hell.
I know you’re not implying there’s something insidious about that, that they sold because I was dumbing down or whatever.
But, dig.
They reached hundreds of thousands of people, man.
That’s the bottom line.
Hundreds of thousands of good folks out there thinking about “Burn my Bridges.”
CM:  	You’re satisfied with the new work.
BG:  	Better than satisfied, man.
I’m ecstatic.
It’s heart-music.
CM:  	It’s what?
LE:  	It’s honest.
There’s no bullshit.
BG:  	No psychedelic lyrics, no “newspaper taxis” as Lennon said.
No “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  It’s just me.
Take it or leave it.
It’s just me and my life.
CM:  	And you made more money…
BG:  	That’s right.
I made more money.
Shoot me.
CM:  	There’s a rumor that there’s a bootleg album out there, a Black Lung bootleg, purportedly entitled Timetable Poison.
BG:  	Or Turntable Paisan, depending on who you’re talking to.
Sometimes called The Great Black Wonder, after you-know-what.
CM:  	You know about it.
BG:  	You’re being coy.
It’s more than a rumor.
CM:  	Yes, ok.  I’ve seen a copy.
BG:  	Me, too.
As you know, I’ve gone out of my way to squelch such things—any artist would.
Except maybe Zappa who seems to embrace the concept of bootleg albums.
Pete has gone after a few people, but these succubi who produce such things are like mercury.
You think you have them pinned down and they squirt away.
CM:  	What’s on it, and how did these recordings get circulated?
BG: 	 Well, the how is easy.
Tapes get stolen, recorders are snuck into concerts.
From what I’ve seen this puppy is about half live and half rejected studio takes.
The key word here is rejected—and rejected for a reason.
They are of inferior quality.
CM:  	Tell us what you know about them.
BG:  	(sighs)  Ok.  Let’s see.
From the taping session there’s a version of “I’m Not Your Stepping Stone,” which we used to use to warm up.
It’s raw—actually not bad for all its rawness.
Sometimes overcooking leads to worse performances.
There’s a live version of “A Marriage of Rue,” which is just horrendous.
I’m not sure which concert it comes from but I’m guessing an early one.
It doesn’t sound like we’re even playing the same song.
And Skippy sounds like he’s off in Oz—he was often a lost mook.
CM:  	What else?
BG:  	Have you heard this thing or not?
CM:  	No, I haven’t heard it.
It was being circulated in Memphis right before I came out here.
There’s a renewed interest in the band, as you know.
BG:  	Yeah.
There’s a run-through version of “Wendy Ward.”  An a cappella version of “Yummy Yummy Yummy.” (laughs)  I don’t know where the hell that came from.
Or what possible interest there would be in including it.
We must have been high.
There’s a live version of “A Bunch of Lonesome Heroes.”  The Leonard Cohen song.
We used to play it live in a revved up version that I re-arranged.
That’s pretty cool.
Reason enough probably to buy the whole record.
Uh, “Strictly Blowjob.”  That’s a song I wrote, Jesus, I think I was about 15.
About a girl in high school who shall, naturally, remain nameless.
Girl could, well, you know.
Lousy song, but it brings back memories, and how they got a hold of it, I can’t imagine.
A really, rough, live “The Sun Also Rises.”
CM:  	I don’t—
BG:  	Fever Tree.
I’ll educate you, yet.
We used to try to work up a version of “The Sun Also Rises” because I could make my voice sound like his raspy delivery—likewise Sky Saxon of The Seeds.
Which is why “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” shows up on the bootleg, also.
A better version of it, than “Sun”—actually part studio, part live, if you can dig that.
At least, whoever put the fucker together had some chops, knew a thing or two—it’s a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song, incorporating a blistering solo I did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at Ardent.
“Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
I think.
So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.
Inexplicable, really, who makes it and who doesn’t.
Best not even ponder it.
I mean, if Black Lung had charted nationally, higher, well, who knows, you know?
History re-written.
Shit, who cares?
I mean, I wouldn’t be here then.
I wouldn’t be the working man you see before you.
(laughs)
CM: 	Isn’t “Secret Agent Man” on the bootleg?
BG: 	No.
Well, sort of.
It’s an aborted, what?, 30 seconds maybe.
I started it in concert once, just you know, did that opening riff, and Skippy jumped in.
Hell, Crafty wasn’t even on stage.
It’s stupid to include that, but, yeah, they did.
CM: 	And one or two others.
I should have better notes here.
BG:  	That’s ok.
I remember.
I wish I didn’t but I do.
Really, it’s in Pete’s hands, like I said.
I’m not sure I’m even supposed to be talking about it.
Have they ever convicted a bootlegger?
I don’t think so.
Fruitless, really, to pursue it.
But, you know, Dylan sort of talked me into it.
He hates the bootlegs, for good reason.
If he’d wanted The Basement stuff out there, you know.
But, I did get involved.
At least it gives Pete something to do.
There’s nothing more dangerous than a lawyer with time on his hands.
Lessee, the other two cuts, are “Laurie Had Thighs Like Opinici” and “Melody Came as a Lichtenstein Painting.”  Two originals that I’ve never used.
“Laurie” is a blues—a beat I stole from Fred McDowell—that almost makes it.
The lyrics didn’t gel, I don’t think.
Written from pain, written in dread—so, well, it ain’t exactly art.
“Melody” is something altogether different.
An early composition that is still pretty pretty.
I’ve tried over the years to work it into something passable, something acoustic for a new album, but, well, I’m still trying.
Its appearance on this Great Black Wonder especially rankles, because it’s a song I want to get right.
CM: 	It really angers you, that this stuff is out there.
BG:  	Sure.
Does that make me a control freak?
CM:  	No, no.
BG:  	It’s just that, you know, we’re toiling here in a medium which few accept as art, few accept as anything but stuff for teenagers to fuck by.
Right?
So, to try and instill in it some of the eternal verities, well, it seems pretentious.
But it also seems meet and right that one should try.
Lennon said something about nothing being new in rock after “Great Balls of Fire.”  In a sense, he’s right.
I mean, I’d never question his authority.
But, we still try, right?
He still tries, God bless him.
Is “Like a Rolling Stone” better than “Great Balls of Fire?”  Is “Working Class Hero?”  If so, why?
The lyrics.
That’s what you really have to talk about, the lyrics.
I don’t think anyone would claim any rock song is today’s “The Second Coming,” –except, maybe some critics who want to call Dylan our Dante.
But, the words are what’s become important.
I mean, the beat, the beat gets the thing listened to, and the words keep it being sung.
In a sense it’s a con game—suck them in with the beat and make them listen.
Right?
What was I saying?
CM:  	The bootleg—
BG: 	Right.
Anyway, that’s a long-winded way of saying, you try to get your stuff right, you try to make it matter.
So to have any dreck released before you have the say-so, well, yeah, it rankles.
It ain’t right.
CM:  	Ok.
So, you would say, there are no poets in rock and roll?
BG:  	Poets?
No, no, man.
Morrison, c’mon.
Someone needs to pull him aside and say, “Jim, you’re just a rock star.”  I mean, he’s great, right?
But to act like Verlaine is sacrilegious.
CM: 	Morrison’s dead of course.
BG: 	That’s what they want you to believe.
CM: 	Ah—
BG: 	But, he ain’t Verlaine, he ain’t Baudelaire.
But he’s got some great rock pipes.
And his lyrics are—well, interesting.
They’re singable.
That’s the end of it.
CM: 	Dylan?
BG: 	The question always comes back to Bob, doesn’t it?
Dylan is Dylan, immutable, untouchable.
But, I think, if you asked him if he was T. S. Eliot, he would only laugh.
What was that funny thing he said?
“I’m only a song and dance man.” (laughs)  That’s right.
That’s what he should say.
CM: 	Someone called “A Day in the Life” a miniature “Waste Land.”
BG:  	That’s caca, isn’t it?
I mean, c’mon.
Have you read “The Waste Land?”  Jesus.
You know, I love “Day in the Life.”  Shit.
It doesn’t get much better than that, pop music-wise.
“I read the news today oh boy” is just about the finest first line I’ve ever heard.
I’d kill to have written that one line.
But, does it compare to “April is the cruelest month?” Or “Turning and turning in the widening gyre?”  Or even, “Something there is that does not love a wall?”  No, of course not.
And John would tell you the same thing.
I’m not putting down The Beatles, hell, McCartney and Lennon are the greatest songwriting team of all time.
No question.
But, poets, naw, they ain’t that.
Not in the strict meaning of the word.
CM: 	It sounds like you’ve read a lot of poetry.
BG:  	Sure.
CM:  	That’s great, that’s, uh, inordinate for a pop star, wouldn’t you say?
BG:  	Shit, I don’t know.
Dylan, man, he reads all the fucking time.
He gave me The White Goddess.
No, there are a lot of well-read pop stars.
Ask them.
Don’t ask me about anyone else.
CM: 	Why do they call you the Pasternak of Pop?
BG: 	(long laughter)
Day Two
Creole Myers:  	In looking back at what we’ve covered before, what we discussed yesterday, it seems scattered.
What I’d like to do is take a more systematic approach today.
Try to get a coherence, a sense of narrative out of your story.
So, I’d like you to start at the beginning.
Talk as long as you want, divert as often as you’d like, but let’s go from Idlewild to L.A., if you can, from Uke to Martin, so to speak.
Buddy Gardner:  	Ok, man.
I’m game.
CM:  	So, um, go ahead.
BG:  	Oh, just tell my story, is that it?
Are you going to interject?
CM:  	Yeah, yeah.
I’ll keep us going.
Lorelei, jump in anywhere you can to help us go in a straight line, anywhere you can help us illuminate a particular passage.
I mean, in the end, I’ll distill however many hours of tape we collect down to a precious storyline, something concrete.
So, riff, give me your best tale.
BG:  	I started out as a child.
(laughs)
CM: 	What?
BG: 	 Bill Cosby.
Never mind.
Like Richard Nixon, I was born in a house my father built, a basement he poured.
A sandlot diamond behind the house where I got a splinter once in my rear.
The bigger boys laughed.
A street of gravel with ditches for drainage: Eighth Street.
And a cocker spaniel bitch named Cyrano.
Born with eyes the color of the sea, green and mud, a dull roiling behind a semitranslucent screen.
Born in a matter of minutes, so fast the nurses were dubious, the doctor almost late.
The town was Lewiston, New York, a carbuncle on the gritty side of gritty Niagara Falls, New York, the former honeymoon capital of the United States, a country which, like Niagara Falls in microcosm, had lately fallen into disrepair.
Now, Niagara Falls, Ontario, just over the national border, where my mother's incredibly large family hailed from, was bright and brisk and clean and gardeny, the shiny flipside of its American counterpart.
I’ve seen the great falls frozen; I’ve seen it turned off as if there were a giant tap.
I’ve stood on a rocking boat deck beneath its monstrous incontestableness.
Where I was born is a grey little town, a pustule on the side of grey little Niagara New York.
The Canadian side had the greener grass, we all knew, even as late at night, in our trundle beds, we felt the thrum in our veins of a power larger than kings, a warbling of just what the earth has in mind, though it stayed, of course, just beyond us.
I longed to be from the Canadian side; I longed to be Canadian.
I thought my mother's family was just about the most exotic thing I could imagine (and later in school I used her heritage as if it were some bizarre ethnic upbringing, as if one side of my family tree was hung with Hottentots, or Eskimos), and my Canuck uncles, who were all big, strapping, lumberjack men, who could hold seven or eight nieces and nephews on their backs, were the ideal of manhood with which I constantly compared my scrawny, allergic, weak wristed self (No upper body strength, my tennis coach would later tell me).
Actually I have few memories from Lewiston.
We left there when I was four, to Memphis, Tennessee..  What memories I do possess are clouded as if suspended in aspic, dream recollections, impressionistic and shadowy.
I remember Cyrano.
(He got hit by a car?
He died of old age?
At any rate he was gone before our move south).
I vaguely remember the baseball diamond.
I remember comparing peepees with the girl down the street;  I even remember her name (well, of course I do, my first sex) which was Sandy.
I remember, as if from a bad dream, a life lesson dream) getting a hellacious shock from our electric football game.
This was a flat metal gameboard which you plugged into the wall and it vibrated and your defensive and offensive formations danced together (or apart) in random, chaotic tremblings, until the player with the ball (a small plastic chip) was shaken off the playing field.
I think I piled rubber bricks on the game (although rubber shouldn't give you a shock, should it?)
and was jolted into an acute awareness, which obviously left its impression.
I believe this is my clearest memory of Lewiston:  a healthy dose of 120 volts.
Is this what you want?
(laughs)  Does anyone care?
Moved to a city beside a great rolling river, the color of my eyes at dusk, mud flecked with green.
A city of irony and pity, a Bluff City.
Actually, at first we lived in Raleigh, which is kind of like to Memphis what Lewiston was to Niagara Falls, except, at that time, Raleigh was an emerald isle, a rolling, green neighborhood, with lots of kids and bikes and vacant lots to collect pop bottles from, pop bottles that could be turned into cash.
I lived in Raleigh till  2nd grade.
We then moved to what we call the cool zip code, 38104.
Midtown Memphis.
CM: 	I thought you went to Idlewild in 1st grade.
It’s been written you went to Idlewild.
BG: 	It must be true then.
Who’s writing my story?
(laughs) Ok.  As has been documented my first musical instrument was a ukulele.
My dad bought it for me, I think at Guitar and Drum City, which used to be on Summer Avenue in Memphis.
I was, I don’t know, seven, eight..
I didn’t take any lessons or anything—I’m not sure my folks could have afforded them.
But, when I picked up that little stringed toy, really, it was as if I knew it already, as if I’d been there before, in a dream, in a previous incarnation, Lor might say.
Lorelei Enos:	 	Your soul, your old soul.
BG:  	Right.
It taught me to play, whatever came to me from the ozone of the past.
I think the first thing I picked out on it was “Feelin’ Alright.”  Can that be right, timewise?
I don’t know.
Maybe it was “Baby Let’s Play House.”  I remember doing “Baby Let’s Play House” at school, on the blacktop playground of Idlewild Elementary, for Mike and Mark and little Patty Grabenhorst, on whom I had the worst kind of crush.
I think I wanted to play music, initially, to please her, to catch her attention.
Isn’t that always the way, man, we fucking men, looking for female approval?
Patty Grabenhorst.
Just saying the name is like a spell to me.
Man, I wonder where that chick is today—she must have grown up to be something.
She moved away before high school, but, already you could see the beauty there.
She was, um, saucy.
Saucy at ten.
Hey, that’s a great song title.
Wait a minute.
Ok, yeah, so I was playing this Elvis song for my friends and some teacher heard it and blew a gasket.
(laughs)   I mean, I guess “Baby, let’s play house,” is not something you expect a little boy to sing to a little girl.
And I got my uke taken from me and a call was made to my parents.
My mom hit the roof—she was the kind that got embarrassed by such things and that, to her, was the ultimate disgrace, to be shown up in front of other grownups.
My mom threatened to smash my uke and Dad had to cool her down and, I think, it was later that night I got it back.
I started right in, learning new songs.
Thinking up new songs.
I had this record player, you know, with the lid and the swivel arm made of plastic, and a stack of 45s, some I bought at Corondolet in a sealed stack—you know?
Five 45s for $1, and you could only see the top one.
And it would be something halfway tempting, some Jerry Lee or The Cascades.
But the others were groups you’d never heard of.
But, that didn’t matter to me.
I listened to everything.
At that time everything was equal—my taste was still developing.
So I was indiscriminately borrowing from everywhere, from any 45 that came across my little portable spinner, it was all equal, you know, it was all music, Lee Hazlewood or Howlin’ Wolf or Roy Orbison or Serge Gainsbourg.
I remember I had this Terry Callier 45, “Look at me Now,” and I thought it was every bit as good as “Rock Around the Clock” or the Sun stuff or “Lemon Tree”—(laughs)—I didn’t know, man,  I mean it all seemed good to me.
And I taught myself to play it all.
CM:  	This was what year?
BG:  	Lessee, I was nine or ten so…
CM: 	And that’s your earliest musical memory?
BG:  	Yeah.
Oh, naw, no.
I mean, I was about five and my parents had this set of records, this Reader’s Digest set, and there was this one song that I fell in love with on it, used to go around the house, scatting it, at five.
It was “I Can’t Get Started” by Bunny Berigan.
I don’t know.
I can still play that one.
CM:  	So, you grew up in a musical house?
Music was part of your everyday life?
BG:  	(laughs) Shit, no.
Why would that follow?
I mean, we had this console thing, whatever the hell they called them, big as a basilisk, a monstrous thing that had a radio and record player.
I used to lie on the couch in the dark and listen to FM 100 on that thing—my parents, well, if they thought about what I was doing at all, probably thought it was better than TV.
Better than My Mother the Car, or whatever.
I mean (laughs), c’mon, look at all the space that fucker took up and all it did was play the radio or your LPs.
Funny, looking back on it.
I only remember my mother playing Englebert Humperdink.
I still love “Please Release Me,” man, that song makes me cry.
And those old big band records.
Shit, I like that old stuff, Glenn Miller, the Dorseys.
Later, I got into FM 100, when it was a force, when it played stuff that inspired.
They played us, I think the first place to play us.
Anyway, ha, that stereo.
Naw, my parents didn’t play much music.
My dad, of course…
CM:  	Tell me about your dad.
BG: 	Well, you know he played clarinet with a supper-club band called Dick Delisi and the Syncopaters.
They were fine, really fine.
And Mr. Delisi came over to the house sometimes to dinner.
A nice man, even a talented man.
Could blow a barrelful of sax.
But, they never talked music, never.
I would question them about the band, what it was like performing, what particular songs they played.
They would keep switching the conversation, keep it moving away from music and onto neutral topics like TV shows or the church.
And, it took me years to figure out what was going on.
It was my mother, see.
She thought music was not the kind of career a really useful cog in society’s machine should pursue.
And she would be damned if her child was going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
Why I never heard my dad practice at the house.
Why, even his record collection of big band and swing music stayed dusty.
My mother squelched my father, I think.
Held him back.
I think my father was a man with a lot of soul, a lot of creativity that just festered, just rotted inside him like cancer, until, well, it turned to cancer and that killed him.
CM:  	But, he was a lifelong smoker.
BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
People die from cigarettes.
But more die from fettered ambition.
I heard my dad’s band exactly once.
I don’t remember why.
We had to go to The Vapors for something and mom plunked me down in a chair and said, just stay here, I’ll be back.
Well, it was like the music held me there—she could have been gone for hours.
I was riveted.
And there was my dad, looking cool, and blowing beautiful, liquid melodies out of that licorice stick.
Sweet stuff.
“Canadian Sunset,” “Old Brown Jug,” “St.
Louis Blues,” “Blues for Allen Felix.”  It was a revelation.
But, never to be repeated.
I think I was about 6 at the time, but that hour in front of Dick Delisi and the Syncopators is as fresh in my mind as if it happened yesterday.
Man, my dad.
What could he have been?
Given different times, a different circumstance.
He said something odd to me one time, he said: “Bud, music is a bad demon to have.
Like hooch.
If I could have done anything else I would have.”  And, of course, he did, I mean playing at the Vapors wasn’t bringing in enough money to support his small family, so he did books for a paint store.
He had a business degree, was something of a math whiz, I think, and he worked in the back room of this paint store in a strip shopping center, most days.
Sometimes my friends and I would walk up there and visit him.
He looked sad, sitting at this shitty little desk, with a calculator and a pencil in his hand, and bad lighting.
It was like the stage set for some damn O’Neill play, you know, all whites and grays and shadows.
But, he greeted us like we were the best thing he’d seen all day.
And his boss, Mr. Waddell, was a nice guy, a heavy set, crew-cut, ex-Marine, with a face like a catcher’s mitt, and he’d always give us this big, fake hello and hand us all bubble gum.
Where I first saw Bazooka Joe.
In Mr. Waddell’s paint store.
And when dad said goodbye to us, he put a hand tentatively on my shoulder, before letting me go.
It was the most he ever touched me, you know, that generation, those dads, not the down-on-the-carpet kind of parents.
But that crappy paint store.
Man.
It was killing him, boring him silly.
But, he came home every night with a grin on his face.
Ate dinner with us, spot on 4:45, like you could set your fucking watch by it, and then, evenings when he played, he’d sheepishly pick up his little case, which usually sat in the back closet next to his shoe tree, and he would toss off a sad smile and go play till God knows what hour.
And Mom would sit and stew.
That was her métier.
Stewing.
Sad stuff, really.
Don’t want to think about it.
CM: 	Your mother disapproved of music?
Was it a religious thing?
BG:  	No, no, I don’t think so.
I think she just hated anything that took attention away from her.
Shit.
Let’s move on.
I still talk to her, you know, she’s still with us, and things are fine now.
We talk.
She actually asks me about my music, what kind of songs I’m writing, that kind of stuff, though she doesn’t understand one bit of it.
I don’t think she ever listened to music—certainly not sixties stuff—but I don’t think she ever even listened to music from her time.
I don’t get that.
I really don’t.
People who aren’t turned on by music, any music.
Man, that’s weird.
Anyway.
Back to me, please.
CM:  	Right.
Um, when did you get your first real guitar?
BG:  	That was—oh, when I was eleven, I think.
I had played around on an old box guitar Dad brought home—I think it was a gift from Mr. Delisi actually.
We had to sort of sneak it into the house (laughs) but it was old and didn’t sound very good, though I had fun trying to pick out Carter Family or Pete Seeger songs on it.
Or blues chords.
And, of course, I had a Mel Bay instructional book.
I think Dad heard me, saw that I was progressing beyond his wildest dreams and bought me that electric guitar, without asking Mom, without thinking it was her business, you know?
He saw that I was really good, that I could be something special.
So he bought me this electric—it was a Hofner Futurama, if you can believe it.
My old man…I don’t know what happened to that guitar.
Shit.
That was a beauty.
And, damn, I just took off.
Suddenly, I was Clapton, man, I was B.
B.
King.
That guitar fit my hands like a woman would later.
Better.
And I immediately started playing all the Delta blues I could think of.
I learned them all.
I mean, Memphis had all these great blues musicians, up from Mississippi many of them, and they’re playing at Overton Park, at the Fair.
It was easy to follow them around and learn from them.
Mississippi Fred McDowell.
Tom “Rooster” Thompson.
These guys were great about showing you the chords, showing you how to use your tuning to get a personal sound out of your instrument.
I advanced rapidly.
Soon, I was sitting in with some of them, just playing rhythm, mostly, though sometimes Rooster was so generous he’d introduce me, as his “pro-to-jay” and I would do a brief solo.
I mean, I was 12, 13.
And I was playing the blues,  A better education I cannot imagine.
I started buying all the blues records I could find.
There were great outlets for records back then.
Even the flea market at the Fairgrounds had bins of old LPs cheap.
I started listening hard, man, every night.
I never did homework.
My mother thought the devil had me for sure.
I’d be in my room, playing “Heartbroken Man” or “Hard Time Killing Floor Blues” or “A Ship Called Father House” on this shitty little amp and I knew my mother was roiling.
But, to her credit, Dad, she had given up trying to stop me.
It would have been fruitless, of course, I was off and running.
It would have been like putting your finger in a dike, with the Great Mississippi behind it.
And I even wrote a couple numbers, crude things, but I still remember ‘em, I can still play ‘em.
“Caterpillar Blues.” “The Bookseller’s Beautiful Daughter.” “Idlewild Playground Blues.” (laughs) It was all a gas.
In a way, man, that was my best period as a musician, when I was a sprout, playing my little man blues, all alone, without a care in the world except to make music.
And have it remake me.
CM:  	What do you mean?
BG:  	Well, I was a weeny kid, you know?
There was only one thing you could be when a boy in that decade and that was tough.
Everything else was weeny.
I wasn’t tough.
I was wispy and blond and too pretty.
And I got bullied relentlessly.
Pushed to the ground, laughed at when I tried to join in during P.E..
I started dreading recess, you know.
I just wanted to stay inside and read or write songs in my looseleaf notebook.
I hated school, hated those bullies—hell, I still do, I hate bullying—but music was my out, or, I guess my in.
When I started playing guitar at the school, on the playground, at the talent shows—where I always won, man, every fucking time—I was something else.
I was no longer a weeny.
I was talented.
I found one other thing you could be and get some attention, the kind of attention you wanted, from girls, from the popular set.
I mean, I could say I didn’t give a fuck what anyone thought, but you do when you’re becoming pubic, right.
When your little dickie starts talking to you.
So, I would do a knockoff of some song on the radio and the girls started following me around.
And the first thing you know I’m getting handjobs in the girl’s bathroom.
Cute girls, too, not just the trashy ones.
The cheerleader types.
I think my first blowjob was on the school playground, off in a corner, where there was this big bush.
Cathy Ceccerelli.
Man, she was hot, I mean for a thirteen year old.
Great braids that hung on either side of her face.
And the first girl in our class to get tits.
She was something else—she let me touch her naked ass, showed me it right before she unzipped me and took me into her mouth.
(laughs) I didn’t even know what was happening.
I kept thinking, is this right?
Is this something humans are supposed to do?
And should I come?
Will it poison her?
I didn’t know man.
(laughs)  When she did swallow my come, with a big smile on her face, I was amazed, you know?
I was like zombied.
I had no idea that boys and girls did such things.
I immediately went home and wrote her a song.
CM: 	You remember it?
BG:  	Ha.
Well, yeah, some of it.
“Cathy took me/out of the cold/Cathy took me/she was so bold.”  (laughs)  Shit.
Ok, it was awful, but what other tribute could I give to such a fine gift?
I wonder where she is now.
Probably married some tax accountant or corporate lawyer.
She was our class valedictorian in high school.
When she gave her speech I wanted to stand up and say, “I love her.
She gave me my first head.”  (laughs)  And I was voted, of course, “most talented.”  But, I’ve skipped ahead.
We should spend more time in high school, if you know what I mean.
It’s when I cut my teeth, honed my personality, became, for better or worse, what I became.
Do you wanna start back in ninth grade now?
CM:  	Sure.
Yes.
Exactly.
I think when you were in ninth grade you were already something of a legend in Memphis Music circles.
You’d already been sanctified by Jim Dickinson himself.
Am I right?
BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
That’s right.
I started playing around town, in clubs I wasn’t old enough to even enter.
We formed Black Lung around this time, with Dickinson’s help—the godfather really of Memphis Music, an angel, if you wanna know the truth—and with Sid Selvidge’s.
We were doing covers mostly, blues stuff, the kind of thing Cream started with, Canned Heat, Graham Bond.
Some pop.
We did Boyce and Hart stuff, “She’s Not There,” “Locomotion.” “Roadrunner”  Hell, everyone did “Roadrunner.”  At least we never covered “Hey Joe.” I’d say Hendrix and The Leaves version of that chestnut are enough---yet there are, what, twenty or fifty or so versions.
Anyway.
We started to gel quickly, like within months.
We were good, given the times, the distractions, the limitations.
We were pretty good right away.
Dickinson played with us sometimes, as did Sid.
A great compliment.
And I started adding some originals.
Skippy loved it when I’d bring a new song in—we practiced at his house—he had this garage and we covered the old sticky walls with egg cartons.
Our own little studio.
Skippy was beautiful, man.
Full of praise for whatever I wanted to do with the band.
Not like a sycophant, you know, a toady.
He just was enthusiastic and every artist needs someone like that.
I know I do, even today, even now, and it’s Lor, of course.
She’s my star.
LE: 	You’d do alright on your own, you know.
BG:  	I don’t think so.
What’s the word—amanuensis, I think.
I’ve always needed one.
Skippy was my sounding board.
When I first played him “Blues for Wendy Ward,” he cried.
I mean, he was great.
Is great.
I love him, you know.
CM:  	Is there a Wendy Ward?
BG:  	Uh, that’s not for public consumption.
The public, you know, is barely able to sit up and eat solid food.
They don’t need truth.
CM:  	But, you did write a lot from your life, yes?
BG:  	Shit, man, who doesn’t?
Where else does it come from?
You read books and then you write about what you’ve read?
Naw, man.
It all comes from the road you walk, right?
It all comes from heartache and passion and hard-won honesty.
At least, I hope so.
The artists I care about, that’s what I’m talking about.
CM: 	So, what was school like, while you were getting this reputation outside of that environment?
Was it hard to balance both?
BG:  	Well, hell, I was never a student, you know?
I never believed anyone except myself.
I was a stubborn, self-satisfied little son-of-a-bitch.
I know that sounds egotistical, but there it is.
I was driven, though I didn’t know it.
I was only interested in writing songs, in playing my Gibson.
And girls, man, lots of girls.
I had a lot of sex in high school.
It was everywhere, I mean, I grew up in a golden time.
It’s still like that out there, isn’t it?
Creole?
CM:  	(laughs)  Well…
BG: 	Yeah, yeah,  Writers, too, right?
I mean you get a lot of pussy, right?
CM:  	Sure.
Memphis, you know, it’s the river, the humidity, the duende that floats up from New Orleans.
It’s where writing comes from, too, that fecundity, that sexual energy.
BG:  	You’re married now, right?
You married, uh, Candy Marcrum.
CM:  	Yeah, happily married.
Got a little one: Grace.
BG:  	Life is good, man.
CM:  	Sure.
It is.
BG:  	So back to me, right?
(laughs)
CM:  	Right.
BG:  	High school was a strange trip.
I found myself popular after years of feeling like my nose was pressed against the glass.
And I got myself a girlfriend for the first time.
A cheerleader!
(laughs)  She thought my music was from the angels, man.
And we went at it, you know, it was a real relationship, even that young.
Hell, we were kids.
But, when I wasn’t writing, playing, I was with her—let’s call her Debbie because every girl back then was named Debbie—in front of her house, practicing our manumission, handjobs and fingerings and oral sex.
In the car, on the front porch, in the backyard.
Hell, still, that was some of the best sex I ever had—Lor understands, don’t sweat that, man—but, you know, that first flush of what you, at least at the time, call love, and access to another person’s body, the most personal parts of their body—what a joy!
What undiluted joy!
So, we went at it, like I say, like a couple of hamsters in heat.
That was freshman year.
That was while I was starting to play everywhere around town—I was like almost famous, you know.
Locally.
Dickinson was there for me, and the gigs started happening and, I had this cheerleader girlfriend, with thighs like hell-roosters, hard, and a great little butt.
Life was good.
Classes, shit man, how could anyone concentrate on classes with that going on?
Most of my teachers hated me anyway, you know, rock and roll, devil’s music, my hair was longer than most of my classmates, I insisted on wearing these combat boots, even in summer when sweating in them was like wearing a swamp on each foot, and I had attitude, of course.
Rock and roll attitude.
I was unassailable, untouchable.
Of course the teachers hated me.
One in particular, tried to get me expelled, suspended, something, because I wore an American Flag on my butt.
(laughs)  It sounds funny now.
I had this peace symbol, you know, the two finger symbol made of stars and stripes, and, Jesus, my mother sewed it on the back pocket of my jeans.
This teacher—what was her name?
was it freshman year, sophomore?
Mrs. McGonnigle.
I think that’s right.
Funny thing is, you know, she was kind of a fox.
Too foxy to try and control a roomful of libidos.
She dressed like a stewardess, I remember.
Anyway, she took one look at this patch on my ass and drew in her breath as if I had a picture of a couple fucking on my jeans—she literally turned white.
And sent me to the office, with a note recommending my suspension.
I laugh now, but, hell, I was a little frightened.
I mean, I hated school, right?
but I didn’t want to be kicked out of it.
CM:  	What happened?
BG:  	Tempest in a teapot.
They called my mother.
My mother apologized.
I went home and changed my jeans.
Case closed.
And Mrs.
McGonnigle—McCormack?—McGregor?, or was that the farmer in Peter Rabbit?--bless her heart, forgot about it.
Let it drop.
I was reinstated, so to speak.
Still, I did wear a Che Guevara t-shirt as often as it was clean enough.
(laughs) Or my Lenin/Lennon.
That went over well in suburban Central.
Had to get my licks in, you know?
CM:  	Can we return to this first sexual relationship?
Is that alright?
It seems to inform much of your music, especially your early music—well, all of rock, I guess.
Is that alright, Lorelei?
Sex as art, as energy?
LE:  	Bud’s always been a sexual creature, and that’s a turn-on to women.
He’s always loved women.
Let me tell you something, women love men who love women.
And, let’s be honest here.
I never want less than 100% honesty, from Buddy, from his music.
From this, whatever this turns out to be.
Ok?
BG:  	Lor knows me better than I know myself.
It’s so good she’s here.
What do you want to know?
CM: 	This relationship with—um---
BG:  	We’re gonna call her Debbie.
CM:  	Debbie.
What was it like, physically for you, and how did that relate to the creative outburst in your music?
BG:  	Well, I think they’re the same thing, right?
I mean, coming into humanity, opening the door that we all have to open, and then making something of your feelings, your flow, well, that’s what was going on with me at 14.
And Debbie, well, she was just so young and lovely.
The first time she took my cock out was in her backyard, leaning against her house, her mother moving around in the kitchen right over our heads—this is what you did back then.
Were parents oblivious?
I don’t know.
Anyway, she takes it out---and this is like the first time either of us has bared anything except our souls and she was just fascinated with it.
And I don’t know where this knowledge comes from but she knew immediately how to do what needed to be done.
She was jerking on me so expertly—well, hell, maybe anything feels right the first time—and, very quickly—I was young---I squirted all over both of us.
It was a surprise.
I don’t know what she expected to happen but there was this like fountain, as if I had stored it up for a decade, and there was some on her hand, her forearm, her shirt.
And the look on her face (laughs) well, let’s just say, it was obvious that it was not what she expected.
But, she liked it.
And, so we continued our experiments.
Now, how this impacted my music, which was also coming, so to speak, is, on the simplest level, obvious.
I wrote a sex song right away, of course.
Uh, “Fountain for my First Love.”  Ugh.
Bad song with some good stuff in it.
And then, on a deeper level, I think I began to understand the whole underpinnings of the music that held me in thrall—you know, the whole name—rock and roll—is sexual.
And, of course, all the blues stuff from which rock sprang.
It’s all sex, right?
And now I felt like part of the brotherhood.
I wanted to write more songs—that’s the best part—I wanted to create.
And I wanted more orgasms.
(laughs) That was freshman year—Debbie, she was freshman year.
And my gigs with my new band.
Man, everything was happening.
I started to lose myself when I played, you know, and it was kind of frightening, where I’d go when I played.
I wasn’t even aware of Skippy and Crafty, except as background thunder, a wall I was bouncing off of.
And, like sex, I was gone, man.
At first I almost blacked out, it was so intense, but you learn to control it, right?
I mean, I learned to let myself soar, to let myself fall into it, to not be afraid.
You step up to the edge of the cliff and you think—you think—you can fly, but you’re really not sure.
It’s that first jump that’s scary.
After that, it’s all magic—after that I knew who I was.
CM:  	Black Lung was born when you were only 14?
BG:  	Yeah, that’s right.
Wild, huh?
CM:  	Hm.
BG: 	And then, summer came.
The summer between freshman and sophomore years.
I really started to make my mark.
My first good song—I wrote it then: “All Roads Lead to Roaming.”
CM:  	That’s not on any album, is it?
BG:  	No.
I’m thinking about reviving it.
Because it was never really a Black Lung song.
It was more personal, a statement of a kind.
See, I was already moving away from the group before the group ever really got started.
People have to understand.
I’ve always been a solo artist.
I was held back by Black Lung.
All that shit about he left his roots behind, he broke up a great band, etc.
I mean, fuck that.
It’s like Lennon, you know—he was always a solo artist.
That’s what I think anyway.
I mean, in the middle of Beatlemania, when he had the fucking world by the tail, we thought, he’s singing “Help me if you can.”  And nobody was listening man.
He was a squonk crying in the wilderness.
God love him.
I think he’s happier now, doing his own shit, not having to answer to anybody except John Lennon.
That’s the way I am.
I mean, I’m not claiming to be Lennon—Jesus, no—but, I was always a solo artist and in the straightjacket of a group I was itching to get to the good stuff, the stuff I cared about.
It’s not worth grousing about, I mean, I had a good run in that group, but my solo albums are the only ones I care about.
So, sophomore year, Debby is gone—well, I cut her loose, I’m not proud of it.
There was this freshman chick with big tits who just threw herself in my way.
I mean, she was just there one day, in hotpants, and this tight, satin shirt, and I thought, “Man, I want to suck those.”  Men.
You know, like I say, I’m not proud of my younger self, but, as Lor says, it’s all real, it’s all honest.
We are what we are, what we were.
So, sophomore year was Birdie Burton.
Shit.
Should we use real names here?
I guess, it’s ok.
I don’t want Debby’s name here, that’s all—her real name, just because.
Just out of respect for my first love, you know, and the first heart I broke.
I broke her heart.
And with Birdie I lost my virginity.
On her parents’ bed, in the afternoon, with the door locked and people milling about outside.
(laughs)  Jesus.
When you’re young, you know?
I wrote “Tunc” and “Birdie Sings” for her, of course.
Early stuff.
Unrecorded, but always in our sets back then.
I still like “Tunc.”  Hm.
Maybe it’ll re-emerge as an acoustic ballad.
I’ll have to think about it.
And it was during my sophomore year that I met Tennessee Larry Dorich.
CM:  	The bluesman?
BG:  	No, the TV evangelist.
Of course, the bluesman.
The bluesman’s bluesman.
Never recorded one single song, never traveled outside the Mid-South, yet his influence is everywhere, is legendary.
Everyone from Jagger—who copped his singing style—to The Animals to Jimmy Page have accorded him a special place in their learning.
And I knew him, man.
Knew him as teacher/mentor/friend.
It was as if I’d been sanctified.
Another father.
He taught me “Don’t Let the Sun Pull Your Pants Down,” “Piggly Wiggly Blues,” “She Caught the Katy,” “Her Ass Moves I Moan.”  Underground stuff, stuff from the adult’s table, from the back room.
And I lapped it up.
And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.
He told me nobody played like me except Riley.
CM: 	Riley?
BG:  	B.
B.
King, man.
He was comparing me to blues royalty.
It made me dizzy, I’ll tell you.
I mean I was in high school.
I think that’s when I started leaving Memphis.
In a way.
That’s when I got kind of a big head and dreamt of things beyond.
I certainly had left Central High School, left my friends, my girlfriends.
Even before we cut the album.
Tennessee planted that seed, man.
I mean, I loved the guy, but I saw where he was, where he’d always been, how he’d been treated like a second class citizen his whole life—I mean, we couldn’t even go into some restaurants together, still, at that late date.
And, metaphorically, I started packing my bags.
CM: 	Yet you stayed in school, didn’t you?
BG:  	Yeah.
Well, sort of.
I mean, I went.
Most days.
CM:  	And you graduated.
BG:  	(pause)  Naw, man.
I never graduated high school.
CM:  	Really?
BG: 	Don’t gimme that really shit, Creole?
What difference, right?
I mean, they weren’t teachin’ me “Frogleg Blues.”  Right?
They weren’t teachin’ me Skip James, Robert Johnson, Fred McDowell.
CM:  	So, what happened next?
BG:  	Well, high school went on, keeping me in one place, while my mind was traveling.
I wanted so bad to make music, and when we got Black Lung together, I thought, this is it, this is my gateway, my way in.
We played larger and larger gigs.
We got a reputation.
I started writing songs at an astonishing clip, words and chords and melodies colliding in me like some kind of atomic reaction.
And we started hanging out with the Mudboy guys, with Alex Chilton, the whole scene.
Memphis hasn’t been given enough credit for its 60s influence, man, you know.
I mean, the soul stuff, yeah, Sun and Stax.
Great, great things there, but there was also this underground thing going on.
With Mudboy and The Neutrons and Alex and The Manor and The Bitter Lemon.
There was a scene.
And, of course, we were too young, but we managed to hang out on the fringes for a while, until we became accepted, through the music, through the music.
And about the time I would have graduated from high school we got the chance to make that album, what we thought was our big break, our rocket to stardom.
So, while my girlfriend and my friends and ex-friends were preparing for baccalaureate, we were rehearsing songs in that old gas station for Turntable Poison.
It was a heady time.
CM:  	You had a girlfriend at that time?
BG: 	Of course, I mean, yeah.
Sure, a high school girlfriend.
The kind doomed to fail as soon as you taste the world outside of that brick building where they’d been holding you prisoner.
I had a great girlfriend, a young woman of soul and beauty.
CM: 	Uh..
BG:  	Carol Warner.
Ok?
Carol, wherever you are today, I wish you well.
You were lovely but, of course, the timing was atrocious.
I was an asshole.
It was my asshole period.
One of them.
(laughs)  One of them.
Sorry, baby.
Carol Warner, I met at a school dance, where Black Lung played.
It was in the school cafeteria—Jesus, those gigs, you gotta love ‘em, right?
I mean, looking back, you gotta love that shit.
Girls and boys rubbing against each other, hormones exploding all over the room, while we grind away at some awful cover song like “One is the Loneliest Number.”  Occasionally slipping in one of our originals which is met with a silence like we farted in church.
(laughs)  It was a kick.
I mean, these couples using the opportunity to practically hump on the dance floor, hands all over asses, the chaperons looking bored over in the corner, old Ricky Glass, the mechanical drawing teacher, toking up.
What a time that was.
Anyway, Carol was suddenly there.
When I stepped off the stage between gigs there was Debbie with this blond young woman I’d never even noticed in the halls of Central High, so tuned out I was, so really out of the swim as far as high school was concerned.
I mean, if I’d been paying attention I would never have missed Carol Warner.
We even had a class together.
(laughs)  Here’s this blond chick, in a loose shirt that I couldn’t help but look down at two lovely mounds of white white flesh, and a little jean skirt that showed off legs as thick as bedposts, strong, muscular legs—she was on the track team, imagine that—and sweet Debbie, my first love, didn’t know what she was doing, introducing us.
I mean she put the match to the fireworks and I think regretted it immediately.
Apparently, Carol asked to meet me.
Like a fan thing.
But, man, it was love, lust, whatever, at first sight.
We locked eyes.
She left with me that night when the dance was over.
And we fucked that first night in my little Toyota.
What a body she had, has, lovely lovely woman.
God, I still could get horny for her.
Fucking in a Toyota—(laughs) I don’t recommend it, but we pulled it off.
And she was, well, kind of big, not like over weight, but like, those legs, hard as timber, and her big ass—I really don’t know how we did it.
I’m off on a toot here.
Sorry.
Lor, sorry.
LE:  	It’s alright, Love.
BG: 	We were together about a year, I think.
It lasted about a year.
She was there when we recorded some of our first songs, I remember that.
She loved, uh, “Hayley Mill’s Underpants.”  For some reason, she thought that was her song.
Maybe because Carol was a young woman who loved lingerie.
And, as a young man, who appreciated a young woman who loved lingerie, well, we had some fiery times.
Hot as monkeys.
She had these little white things…I don’t know where she got ‘em.
Let’s move onto a higher plane.
I guess you want to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison.
CM:  	Yes.
How did that start?
BG:  	Dickinson.
Jim, he got us a recording studio at Ardent.
Got us some studio time.
He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.
Anyway, with Jim there, well, he gave us the confidence to do it.
So we started laying down tracks.
Now, the story that’s told is that I hated recording, that I was, I don’t know, juvenile, about doing numerous takes.
I probably did say, “That was good enough,” a couple times.
But, man, Jim is such a gentle man, he just took it all in stride.
He knew when it was done, man, when it was complete.
If not for him, we never would have gotten “Mr.
Handy” down, I know.
And he encouraged that drum solo, man, not like the myth that’s grown up around it, that we, what—perversely tried to kill the album’s potential.
It was a time of excess, for one thing, and for another, man, listen to that cut.
It smokes.
It cooks like little else on vinyl at that time, except for maybe some Cream, some Who.
Maybe “Train Time,” maybe that incredible mélange Townshend put together for Live at Leeds.
And, let me add here, that I got a call from Pete, it was in, oh, 1969 or so, and he’d gotten a copy of the album—God knows where—and he was agog at that cut, he asked me how I got the distort sound on my guitar.
Pete Fucking Townshend, man.
CM:  	Wow.
How did you get that sound?
BG:  	Jim’s idea.
From “Rocket 88” of course, everyone knows that story.
Jim kicked in my amp.
I was dumbfounded—he was like some shaman so I didn’t protest—and that hole in the amp is what gives my guitar such a weird sound on that cut.
I had a fuzz pedal too—a Pep box, and an Astrotone, but, Jim wanted that Memphis thing, you know, he wanted to tie us into the whole mojo, from Sun, from Ike Turner, through Keith Richards on “Satisfaction”—which is a cop from Sam, don’t let anyone tell you different, through the swamp music of Mudboy—up to us.
At this time, remember, I was like attached to the guitar, man.
I could make an electric guitar sing, talk, chant, name your baby.
It was just natural.
So, yeah, I got a reputation—they started mentioning my name alongside Beck and Page and you know the list.
I was airborne, man.
CM: 	Just for the record here, no pun intended, lemme run down the listings on Turntable Poison.
Side One: “Blues for Wendy Ward,”  “Mr.
Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  Side Two: “In Real Time Nothing Happens,”  “A Marriage of Rue,” “Hayley Mills’ Underpants,”  “For Kim Because it Went by so Fast,”
BG:  	Had one more song we cut—remember we did this whole thing in, what, 3 days, non-stop, popping uppers, getting patty melts at 3 a.m. from Steak and Egg, so it was kind of a blur.
And Jim could work like that—he was amazing, a guru, a conductor, a lightning rod.
But, in that session, we cut “Gogy Goodfriend,” which never ended up on any of our records.
CM: 	But, Melanie covered it, right?
That’s the same song.
BG: 	Right, right.
We sent her a demo.
After she came to Memphis and we, well, let’s just say we hit it off.
She was a dreamsicle, man.
(laughs)  A fine-looking woman.
CM: 	Did you decide the order of the songs?
BG:  	And the hidden nocturne.
CM:  	Pardon?
BG:  	At the end of Turntable, there’s a bit of tape loop, a witch’s prayer, backwards with oud added.
It’s about 16 seconds.
CM:  	I didn’t know that.
BG: 	It’s there.
Like on Sergeant Pepper’s.
Everyone wanted to do Sergeant Pepper’s back then.
It was actually Skippy’s idea—he’d been reading some voodoo book, and found these words.
That’s his voice, though you can’t tell.
Jim did the oud bit.
CM:  	Hm.
So, the order…
BG: 	I don’t think anyone decided it.
Here’s the thing, Dad..  That’s the order we recorded them in.
See, we were naives, kids.
We just did what was natural, we didn’t know from creating a suite, or anything pretentious like that.
Man, we just wanted to get our chops in, create a little noise.
That’s raw sound on that record, see, that’s live.
None of it was fiddled with, enhanced, whatever.
Except that playful tape loop, and that fade-out on “For Kim,” that’s just us, beating our brains out in that little studio, high on bennies.
“For Kim, Because it Went by So Fast”---we worked our asses off to get that one right.
I don’t know what was wrong really.
It was a song I’d written right before we went into the studio, so we’d never done it live—maybe that was the reason we struggled with it.
But, the lyrics, you know, they’re a little complex: “I took my Melville out into the sun, what else could I do, I was in my twenties” it begins.
Not exactly pop schmaltz,  you know, ABAB.
It was a more complex rhythm to the whole speaking—and I did just sort of speak the lyrics—that was Jim.
At first I wanted to sing it—you know, I’d worked out a melody, a weird melody.
And he said, on, I don’t know, the like 16th try, Jim said, shit, let’s not sing this one.
Gimme a Lou Reed kind of thing.
Half talk the damn story.
I’m gonna use that melody behind you.
And he did, man, he played what I was singing on a plastic tonette—no shit, that’s that weird, unearthly descant in the background, Jim on this little toy.
It’s not in the credits, so you’re getting it first, right?
And I just did my best Lou Reed impersonation, intoning, Her glances could break arms.
Her hair was a nimbus of tangled nestings, life surrounded her like a cloak.
When I went too deep she was quick to pull the plug.
I still stay awake nights reliving the ignominy, forgetting to celebrate how we came together briefly, fiery angels.
I think I was riffing, partly, adding to what I’d written, making it up as I went along.
By that 16th run-through, my voice was tired anyway, and the guys were playing like they were drugged, and the song sounds like that.
I love that cut, man.
We hit some other place with that one.
You wanna know about the ending—that last bit before the hidden loop?
Jim and I had been talking about Sergeant Pepper’s and we wanted some kind of, what they call, lamination on the end, something like what the Beatles did with “Strawberry Fields,” you know, sort of incorporating found sounds, etc.
So at the end of “Kim” we let Dickinson play with the limited equipment he had, and here’s some of the stuff that’s in that final few seconds of concrete dada: a piece of the Treasure House theme song (backwards), Crafty reading “The Crucible” from our school textbook, a piece of Schoenberg, a piece from The Ventures played through some car speakers, and then some street sounds Jim got by simply walking out onto Madison Avenue with a microphone.
It’s all silly, of course, but that’s what everyone was doing.
Psychedelia, you know.
Silly shit.
But, liberating in a way.
I wish I could get that world-weary sound into every one of my songs.
Well, maybe not now, you know, not with something like “Rain and Other Distractions,” I mean, I’m in a different place.
A better place.
(long silence---distorted sound)
CM:..	and, that was, what, 3 a.m.?
BG:  	Yeah, something like that.
You know, Dylan wrote much of Blonde on Blonde right there in the studio, on speed or something.
Or so the story goes.
Our one recording has some of that flavor to it.
I’m proud of that album, don’t think otherwise.
Am I contradicting myself?
You’ll edit this down, right?
You’ll make me sound consistent.
(laughs)  Shit.
I don’t care.
Write this: he never got Memphis out of his blood, though his work now is more mature.
That’s it.
Nutshelled.
CM:  	So, tell---
BG:  	You want lunch.
You want to stop and make some sandwiches.
Or we can walk down to the deli.
CM:  	Sure, sure.
BG:  	Lor?
***
CM: 	So, tell me a little bit about life after the album.
Life in Memphis.
BG:  	Not much to tell, really.
I mean it made a splash, but briefly.
And we were asked to play everywhere.
Suddenly, like we woke up with extra cachet.
We did the John’s Shell, I don’t know how many times.
Used to be we’d open for everybody, Mudboy, Expanding Head Band—whatever happened to those guys?
Who were those guys?
(laughs)  Uh, Edgar Winter, we opened for once.
James Gang.
Pacific Gas and Electric, Tony Joe White.
Then, after Turntable Poison, we were headliners.
It was great, a heady period, sure, especially for Skippy and Crafty, Castor and Pollux as I called them.
They thought they’d landed in pigshit heaven, man.
And we had all these other bands opening for us—man.
And looking up to us.
We were teenagers and we had these other guys, girls, coming up to us, asking about Dickinson and what I meant by “hoodoo on the bloody muddy” or some shit, something they heard on the album.
It was weird.
But, you know, I was kind of lost at that time—this was right before Lor came into my life—and I had all these groupies, all these chicks, and I’d ball them, right?, but really I’d be thinking about the music, about what’s next, musically, about soloing, about getting my axe to sound like a sax.
I was way gone on the music, man, and it just shoved everything out of me, everything else.
I didn’t know then, that I was unraveling, like an old sweater.
I mean, I loved the chicks, you know, I loved them.
But, they knew I was nowhere man, after we’d do it and I’d be lying there, I’d be a million miles away and they’d get this sad look.
In the morning they’d be all like, let’s go to Barksdale’s for breakfast, and, well, I was using some speed at the time and my appetite was nil.
So, they’d go off and I’d pick up the guitar.
That’s just the way I was then.
All music all the time.
(laughs)
CM:  	Who played with you around this time?
BG:  	No one played with us, man.
I mean, aside from Jim or Sid sitting in.
CM:  	I meant, who opened for you, at the Shell, etc.
BG: 	Oh, yeah.
Well, there were a lot of groups around Memphis then.
None of them went anywhere, but that was ok.
They were making music, they were happy.
Kids, most of them.
Some were good, some were real good, you know?
Well, the Hombres, of course.
They had that hit.
Um…
CM: 	“Let it all Hang Out.”
BG:  	Right, right.
They opened for us.
Good guys.
And that song went some place.
They were cool.
Don’t know why they didn’t get any higher.
Uh, The Gentrys were around, but, I can’t remember playing with them.
They might have preceded us.
This is all such ancient history, you know.
I don’t recall it all.
Who else, who played with us at the Shell, Lor?
LE: 	Randy and the Radiants.
BG:  	Did they?
Ok.  Oh, you know, there were all these groups back then with psychedelic names, uh, Raspberry Batman—they were funny, Jack and the Beanstalks, The House of Dr. Dee, The Savage God, The Seven Madmen—
LE: 	Without Feathers.
BG: 	Right, they were good actually.
Almost had a hit—what was that sucker—oh!
“You’re Standing on my Train.”  Nice little number.
Running Dog, Peabody and Sherman—that’s a funny story, really.
They started at Peabody School, so that’s where the Peabody comes in, and the lead singer’s name was really Sherman.
When they opened for us—I remember it was really fucking hot that night, one of those Memphis nights where the humidity feels like urine in the air—and they were talking to us backstage.
And I said, I like your name—I’m a big Bulwinkle fan.
They had no fucking idea what I was talking about.
(laughs)  They really named themselves that with no knowledge of the cartoon at all.
LE: 	Lovelights.
BG:  	They sucked.
Just some guys with cheap instruments doing jams because they didn’t really know how to play, you know, so they thought it was avant garde or something to do these instrumentals, like it was jazz.
Horrible.
Oh, Baudelaire and the Hashish Assassins.
Funny guys.
Sort of Memphis’ answer to the Bonzo Dog Band.
They were just goofing.
Doing dope and making up this funny shit on stage, half monologue and half folk music.
Had a song called “Abbie Hoffman meets the Roy Cohn Zombies.” (laughs)  They were too much for Memphis.
I don’t know where they went.
Their leader was a cat named, uh, Shlomo Stern.
Writer, really.
Did he ever publish?
Does anyone know?
Who else, Creole, you were there?
CM: 	Uh, Consenting Adults.
Tommy Staley—he was good.
BG: 	Yeah, I knew those cats.
CM: 	The Moviegoers.
Wandering Dog.
That was Toby’s group---kid could play a 12-string.
The Saints.
Jeff’s Collie.
BG:  	Shit, yeah.
I remember all those guys.
Toby—yeah, I loved that cat.
Chick sang with Jeff’s Collie, what was her name?
Hayley?
Something beautiful like that.
And she could sing, Big Mama Thornton kind of voice out of this little wispy Southern gal.
She sang, “Ball and Chain” just like Janis.
And, they had an original, called “What Passes Here for Heaven.”  They were alright.
LE:  	You had a thing with her, right?
BG:  	Oh, jeez, yeah, I did.
It was all during that time, you know.
She was great though.
Little dark haired pixie, great jugs.
She was a little Jewish gal, I think.
Or Mediterranean, uh, what was that that Danny Thomas was?
Lebanese?
Maybe she was that.
Anyway, doesn’t matter, she was a beautiful chick.
I could have loved her.
Maybe I did, I don’t remember.
That’s horrible isn’t it?
Jeff’s Collie, I thought they would have made it, out of all of them, cuz of her, man, she had some pipes.
Like that teenage chick singer for Fantasy, anybody remember her?
And their big hit was an instrumental—figure that out.
Where is she now, you have to wonder?
Why me and not her?
It’s enough to make you question the whole machinery, you know?
CM:  	So, between Turntable Poison and your California period, lies a great gulf that not a whole lot of people know about.
I think we should try to understand what led you to this change, a real sea change in the eyes of the public.
Can you talk a bit about that time?
BG:  	First, as we’ve discussed, I don’t see that big a change between Memphis and L.A.
I mean, geographically, yes, Big City vs. hometown, sure.
But, as for my art, there’s a direct line from Turntable Poison to Rain and Other Distractions.
There’s a road if you wanna delineate it.
CM: 	Really?
That’s what I want to hear about.
Not just the line between the works but what was going on in your life.
I mean, stylistically, you did go from blues/psychedelic rock, in the British invasion vein, to soft rock…
BG: 	Fuck that distinction.
It’s really the lyrics that matter, isn’t it?
I mean, lyrically, compare the two.
I see only maturity.
A man growing older and coming to terms with that, what that means, at this time, in this place.
And then Lorelei.
Of course.
Of paramount consideration.
My prime focus, the biggest change to happen in my life since Mel Bay (laughs).
CM: 	Well, run us through the specifics.
What happened after the album?
BG: 	Ok, so we got a local reputation, a sort of groundswell, that started small and then ran along the faultline that runs under the Bluff City.
We were what they call an underground success, what Memphis specializes in.
We were talked about but you had to be part of the cognoscenti, the insiders.
I hated this, if I was aware of it—I really don’t remember.
Keep in mind, all I wanted to do was play my guitar and write songs.
And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
See, in a way, I was fortunate.
I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
So I wrote.
And, even if we never performed any of it, which we didn’t, they were my songs, and they were popping up on the radio.
Sebastian did, “Lemmy Caution’s Incubus,” and I think that was really the start of it.
That was big for him—he has that voice, you know, like he’s sitting next to you, and it perfectly fit the song.
God bless him—no slouch at writing songs himself, he really took me under his wing, sort of.
Not much has been made of that connection, but John, early on, taught me the logistics of writing for money, of getting my stuff with one of the music publishers.
A lot of artists did this, you know, kind of like what Dylan was doing with The Basement Tapes, except that took on a whole life of its own, because it was Bob.
So, I did some demos, at Ardent with Jim’s help, and others, I just wrote, you know, just committed them to paper and John helped me get them disseminated.
It worked well then to do that.
I don’t know if it still does.
Probably, though I don’t do that anymore.
I’m writing, obviously, for myself more these days.
So, money was coming in, we were playing regionally.
We opened for The Airplane at the Coliseum.
For Canned Heat in Little Rock.
We were part of a triple bill with The James Gang and Rare Earth in Nashville.
In Nashville, we were hanging out with Dylan and Johnny Cash, you know, Dylan introduced us, calling us, “the best blues group since Graham Bond.”  Bob, he gets this reputation for being aloof, but, man, that is one generous cat, you gotta know him.
Who else did we play with at that time—such a bombastic time—right before the implosion, you know?
It was all so ripe, so ready to burst.
What’s that word for a plant that explodes outward, sends its seeds out—dehiscence.
That was 1968-69.
No one could see the end from there, no one knew.
It was all still beautiful, it was all Itchycoo Park, you dig?
Let’s see.
We played with Carlos.
CM:  	Santana.
BG:  	Right, right.
We gigged with them.
Well, opened for them, and then Carlos joined us for our encore, joined us for our, Jesus, what?
a 42 minute live version of “Blues for Wendy Ward.”  Played some stinging guitar man.
He and I went at it, riffing, playing off each other, swapping leads.
And, damnation, that kid he’s got drumming for him---he’s fucking Buddy Rich reincarnated.
Wait, is Buddy Rich dead?
(laughs)  I guess he can’t be reincarnated unless he’s dead.
Creole, you do the research, man, find out if Buddy’s still with us (laughs) and make me sound sensible here, dig?
I want this to have some semblance of significance  Some sense of time.
If I’ve got stuff out of sequence, put in stuff that I couldn’t have known at that time, you straighten it out, right?
You make it into the story of my life.
You’re the man, you’re the storyteller.
I leave it all in your capable hands.
This is just a collection of ramblings, right?
Hey, man, what are you gonna do with this shit?
It suddenly occurred to me, what if this doesn’t make sense?
But, you’ll do it, right?
You’ll be my legacy.
This conversation—this is like, what, novel length, right?
Already longer than The Crying of Lot 49.
So, when this comes out, I’ll be vindicated, right, I’ll be made sense of.
More than any man deserves, I guess.
But, hell, why else are we doing this?
It’s gotta be a story or people aren’t gonna read it, aren’t gonna care.
It’s gotta have an arc and that arc has to end with some kind of positive energy, some chi.
You know how to do this, right?
I’m counting on this being my record, what’s gonna make sense out of something that really doesn’t.
A man’s life.
An artist’s life, if I can speak in such terminology.
Is that what we’re after?
Ok.  Hell, where was I?
CM:  	Carlos Santana.
BG:  	Right.
A fine guy, a good guy.
He’s such a gentle man, you know?
Gentleman and gentle man.
He’s probably the most centered cat I know.
And, music, well, he just drips music.
It comes out of his fingertips like liquid electricity, I’ve never played with anyone better.
It’s all so effortless for him.
And he lives it, music and spirituality, what we’re all really looking for, what we all really want our lives to be.
He’s really a template for the rest of us.
Anyone starting out, you could do a lot worse than following what he does.
And I think we’re only seeing the tip of the iceberg with him.
I think Santana may change the way we listen to music.
If I had to pick two groups to watch in the 70s, two that are gonna set the pace for the rest of us, it would be Carlos and the boys, and The Band.
The Band—I don’t know them very well, Bob introduced us once, but they were kind of into their own thing and didn’t really hang with us, you know?
Levon’s from Arkansas, you know?
Everyone thinks all those cats are from Canada, but Levon’s one of us, man.
He’s a good guy, a talented guy, with a roomful of voice.
We played with Sha Na Na.
(laughs)  We did one of our stranger things, at the Auditorium North Hall with The Nice and The Flock and Henry Cow.
That was a weird night, because, well, we didn’t really fit it.
This was the beginning of prog rock—sort of, it wasn’t really time, yet--and these guys, they were out there, I mean, beautiful cats, and Henry Cow had that guy--Frith—what was his name?—weird cat, and, well, they were all Moog Synths and Synclaviers and violins and even marimbas, and, hell, we were just this heavy guitar oriented trio, you know?
It was an odd marriage that didn’t really work.
And I think the crowd was there to see us, because, you know, who the hell were these foreigners with their off-the-wall songs and instrumentation?
And even though a lot was tolerated back then—I mean, Jesus, everyone had to have their 15 minute drum solo—every fucking concert, every fucking group—the crowd didn’t warm to Gentle Giant—which was (is) a really tight combo, playing some farout stuff.
I think later, they returned to Memphis and played the Coliseum in front of Tull,  and went down a lot better.
Anyway, we started hearing this, you blew them off the stage and shit like that.
But, you know, all that competitive stuff, that’s just for the media.
The groups don’t do that shit.
You know, you don’t go out on stage and say, I’m gonna make their guitarist look silly.
There’s a lot more fellow-feeling among musicians.
So, Christ, what was my point?
We were playing these gigs, getting bigger, getting a rep.
This was the end of the sixties.
There was talk of a concert in upstate New York that was gonna blow everybody away.
And we had just signed on with Pete Holder, who was both lawyer and agent.
Well, Pete said, he thought he could get us in on this New York concert.
He was talking to Bill Graham, who was bringing in some new acts, one of which, I remember was Cocker, who nobody knew.
And Graham was kind of holding the proceedings hostage, making demands, etc.
And Lennon was going to play, they said, but Hoover, that bastard,  was keeping him out of the states, and, anyway there was all this legal maneuvering going on, and, somehow, it just never happened.
You know, if Black Lung had played Woodstock it would have been a different history, right?
We’d be talking about a different story right now.
Hell, we’d probably still be together.
So, we didn’t do that.
And we didn’t do Wattstax, either.
(laughs)  It’s funny now, but, at the time, it seemed to sound some kind of death knell to us.
Or maybe just to me.
I felt marginalized, like we were from this backwater town and everything was happening elsewhere, like you know, how everybody in Memphis feels about New York, or it was San Francisco for a while.
That inferiority thing.
Of course, it’s only in retrospect that you see what Memphis had, what we had going on there, right around the corner.
I mean, everybody wants to know if I know Elvis, you know.
Everybody asks me that, everybody even in the business.
He’s revered, and that’s right, that’s right.
But, I mean, even McCartney wanted to know if I’d ever met Elvis once he heard I was from Memphis.
I wanted to say, man, Memphis is more than Elvis, as great as he was.
Of course, the truth is, I did meet him.
Once.
It was at a benefit show and it was backstage.
I was roadying for Ike Turner—briefly, yeah, I did that.
Just to get in, you know.
I was, what, 16 or something.
15.
I don’t remember.
And Elvis came backstage—I think he was mostly staying in Hollywood, then, making all those execrable movies--and I was like right there next to him and he had just done this kickass set and the crowd was eating him like pep-pills.
And he sat down next to me and turned over and said, you’re in Black Lung, right?
I mean, this guy was fucking huge but he knew his home stuff.
He knew what was going on.
I was impressed—hell, I was blown away.
So, yeah, I’ve got my Elvis story.
I’m from Memphis, I met Elvis.
It’s not much of a story, really is it?
I mean, I know people who know Elvis, right?
Dig?
But, man, lemme tell you.
From where we were there was Ike and Isaac and Carla and that whole Stax group.
Cropper, man.
They were gods.
They were like the best thing we’d ever seen or heard.
Just to have sat in with Cropper makes my whole career worth while—I mean it, man, Cropper and the Horns.
I played with them.
When they were at their peak, too.
That’s what I want people to ask me.
What about fucking Booker T.?
Did you know him?
Did you ever get to sit in with the Hi Rhythm Section?
These are the questions I wanna answer.
So, like, I remember the whole Wattstax thing—it was all so casual in Memphis.
It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
How could they, right?
How could they?
Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.
Slowly spinning out of control, like I could chart it.
Like I could write it out on a graph—the Venn diagram of how to have a nervous breakdown.
And the sixties were winding down like a colorful toy that was starting to show its cracks and whose motor was creaky with rust.
Altamount followed.
Manson.
Things were getting grim.
More and more people in the street but it didn’t look like those fuckers in Washington were gonna do a damn thing different—the war, shit, look at it, it’s just deeper and deeper shit.
And they were turning hoses on kids.
Chicago happened, Abbie was arrested and tried.
They tied a man to a chair—this was 1968, man, not 1868.
I was aghast, the whole country was aghast, I mean, those who cared.
It seemed the vultures had descended and taken over.
They were picking the bones of America, licking their slathering jaws and, well, it all was just so bleak bleak bleak.
When they shot the kids at Kent, I went into a tailspin.
I wish I had Neil’s presence of mind—I mean, he picks up his guitar and writes, “Tin soldiers and Nixon coming,” man, and just put it all out there, naked, true.
It was like Lennon blasting us with “Revolution.”  And, man, I was just so out of it, I was just so fucking passive.
I was inert, man.
I couldn’t feel.
You gotta understand, I wanted to be on the front lines, but I was so far away, I was in fucking Nether World, you know?
Dylan asking, “How does it feel to be on your own like a complete unknown?” and I kept thinking about that and I was one gone gommie.
I was feckless.
I couldn’t see myself in the mirror.
There was still hope but, damn, it was spinning too fast.
It seemed like every fucking day something was happening that you had to respond to, you know?
To not respond was to be dead, to be irrelevant.
“Won’t you please come to Chicago just to sing?” you know?
I thought, yeah, I could, I could.
But, in the end, I didn’t, I didn’t do a fucking thing.
I couldn’t.
I Salingered myself, dad, I put myself away for my own good.
And music, how did music get so tangled in with politics?
I don’t know—but suddenly it was like, hey, we matter, we’re a voice.
And, I don’t know—were we geared up for that?
In Memphis?
I don’t think so.
Then you know the worst thing happened.
CM: 	What was that?
BG: 	Well, Reverend King getting shot in Memphis.
CM: 	That was before Woodstock.
BG:  	I know, I know.
I’m not making a timeline here, man, I’m riffing on what went wrong, trying to tell you what it felt like.
There we were on the world stage suddenly.
And Memphis became the face of deadly racism.
It was all too much.
It was blowing my mind, I admit it.
I was feeling wrung out.
I had written “Blues for Sandra Leathers,” “Open Channel D,” “Young Avenue Blues,”  “The Sins of Monk Cassava,” “Chin-Chin in Eden,”  “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling,” ” “Take me for Granted, Please,” “Surfing the Big Muddy,” “If it Wasn’t Televised, It didn’t Happen,” “The Rules for Hide and Seek,” “Picnic in Overton Park,” you know?
Stuff like that.
And it all seemed so paltry suddenly.
So outside of things.
I was floundering.
I was lost.
Only Lor knows this.
I went into seclusion, I hid from the world, man.
And, really, I think, that was the end of Black Lung.
My black period, my darkest days.
Lor and I rented a cabin up on the White River and we just hid away.
I didn’t write a fucking thing, didn’t even read the newspapers.
I don’t mean to imply that I could have done something, that I had any more power than the Pope or The Beatles or, you know, fucking McNamara.
I mean, though, that I wanted to know, I wanted to understand.
I wanted the information that Walter Cronkite or Eric Sevareid had, the insider stuff, so that I wasn’t just up there entertaining the fuel for the fire, you know, like the orchestras that played as the Jews were led into the ovens.
I started to feel like that, that I was a chimp, a dancing fool.
This was like before The Moratorium, right?
Before we really all felt the power.
The War was just this endless one-note playing over and over and driving us insane—me insane, sorry, driving me insane.
And, like, I know that a song is just a song—yet, I have to believe there is something there, an element, a catalytically charged element.
I didn’t want religion—who listens to priests, clergymen, even those who take to the streets?
Ali has more power.
Ali reaches more people.
But a song, you know, a good song, well, it does tunnel deep into the consciousness.
Did I think I could do anything with the right words, well-placed, well-played?
No.
No, I knew better.
But, I did think—I do think—that we had to stand for something other than pop ditties, you dig?
The people who needed help—well, it was all so fucking clear then—AIM and the draft dodgers and the blacks and, Jesus, I mean, if you couldn’t see the problem you really were part of the problem.
So, seeing it, what does one do?
What could one do?
Power, in the end, is just another word, too, but the power is gonna belong to someone, so, in the end, who decides?
Who decides Nixon has more power than Mao, or John Lennon has more power than Roy Cohn?
You dig?
I was wrestling with these things, absurd things, but I couldn’t see clearly.
All I saw was blackness, the blackness of dried blood.
I don’t know what Crafty and Skippy thought—I didn’t even leave them a note.
I feel bad about it now—and this, finally, I think, was what pissed Crafty off and led him to hire a lawyer for himself, to try and, you know, basically, steal my material.
It was like, if you’re not gonna represent yourself well, we’re gonna take away your soul, all your work, all your history.
Shit.
That shark he hired---what a bastard.
But, I was oblivious at the time.
God bless Pete.
He handled it all.
While I was gone.
Only he knew I was gone although we were incommunicado, no phone even.
I think I called him once from town and said something like, “Don’t tell me about any of the shit that’s going down.
Don’t tell me there are more kids dead at more universities.
Don’t tell me about Nixon, Crafty or his reptilian lawyer.
Just send me my guitar.
I did--after a while I wanted it---get my guitar up there, up in my White River seclusion, but I only wanted it to serenade Lorelei.
I played on the porch of our cabin, didn’t sing—couldn’t sing—just strummed and hummed to her.
And, you know, we didn’t wear any clothes—this was summer and it was beautiful out on that porch—and we became known as the naked hippie couple—among the other cabins spread out along the river.
Not that we talked to anyone, but they were aware of us, apparently.
And, of course, there were binoculars trained on Lor, as she walked around in the nude.
(laughs)  But, man, that was my only comfort, my woman, her body, her sweet, enveloping body.
She suckled me like I was a child—she has these breasts, well, sorry—anyway, we did a lot of fucking, you know, the kind you do until you cry yourself to sleep.
We fucked in the cold water of the river which ran right below the cabin, standing up, man, cold as hell, I held her up and entered her right there, in front of God and everybody.
It was heaven.
It was hell.
I was empty man, as empty as a skull.
And Lor brought me back.
Love.
That’s what saved me, moved me on down the road.
That lost time in Arkansas, that was the crux, the fulcrum that my life turned on.
That was the deciding time, the time I became something different.
Something better.
I believe that, dad, I was reborn in that cabin.
I was reborn at my woman’s breast.
Can you dig that?
Probably not, right, I mean, it’s private and honored so, you can’t dig, am I right?
CM: 	I follow you.
I know, man.
I’ve had my dark days of the soul, too.
BG:  	Have you, Creole?
Have you, man?
I didn’t know.
I’m sorry.
Let’s talk about you.
(garbled)
CM: 	So, it’s ok to say that you had a complete nervous breakdown at this time?
BG:  	Yeah, sure.
That’s what it was.
I found myself with existential nausea, the kind you wake up with in the morning and it’s all over you like an animal and there’s nowhere to go because the beast is you.
I often backed myself into a corner and curled there like a fetus, as if covering my balls and stomach were protection, as if I feared some attack of a physical nature.
This is what the fear does to you.
It’s totally debilitating, man.
Nausea can unseat you, can defeat the strongest man.
And it’s a nausea that is in your blood—your whole body is sick.
And, you know, looking at it now, I think I was sick like the country was sick.
I was nauseated for the USA, you dig?
I took those deaths, that ignominious war, the whole queasy zeitgeist of the times and internalized them.
And I couldn’t get away, not in a cabin, not in my music, not anywhere, man, because the enemy was me.
And, dad, anyone who’s ever had that kind of stomach failure, where you feel like your whole system is shutting down on you, knows how bone-deep that kind of pain and fear is.
This is when I started shooting horse.
I’m not proud of it.
You know, I’d always used drugs, to perform, to get up for a performance, to come down afterwards—there were always pills around.
But I had stayed away from the hard stuff until my GI went bad.
I couldn’t take it—I admit it, I couldn’t take it, man.
I started using heroin.
It was there for me and no one else was helping with the pain, and I thought, shit, man, I’ll medicate myself.
Well, I wasn’t clear enough to be thinking that concretely, but, you dig, I had to do something.
I was sneaking the shit, too.
Sneaking it behind Lor’s back, which is disgraceful, sad.
I’m sorry, Lor.
Hell, I’m still sorry.
CM: 	But you got off the junk.
BG:  	I—(garbled)—yeah, I mean, yeah.
CM:  	Did you come back from Arkansas revitalized, renewed?
BG:  	Naw, it wasn’t that simple.
I mean, Lorelei reached down into the cosmic soup and pulled me out.
But I was still a mess, you know?
I was wrung out, without hope or talent or release.
I was limp, like a rope, see, like a rope that formerly held such tension, then snapped—I was that rope.
I was weak as a bled calf.
I ended up at the funny farm.
CM:  	The—
BG: 	The funny farm, the sanitarium, the nut house, the 13th floor.
Funny, eh?
It really was on the 13th floor of the hospital—I thought they didn’t mark the 13th floor, out of some ancient Masonic superstition among builders and steamfitters.
This is what I told the doctors—no wonder they kept me, right?
I mean, I got off that elevator on the 13th floor—Lor was literally holding me up—and I freaked out just because of the number.
That was just the beginning of my wondrous captivity, my imprisonment in the tower.
I had to stay there until the angels came to get me.
CM:  	How long were you, um, kept?
BG:  	Shit, what was it, Lor?
Three weeks, a month.
LE: 	About 9 weeks, dear.
BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
They called it a sort of God complex.
What was the word, dysphoria?
Something like that.
I was joyless—I was beyond joy.
I think I presented them with a real interesting case, you know?
I mean, one of the doctor’s I know, a young guy, a pretty hip cat, he knew my stuff.
He wanted to talk about the music, nothing but the music.
I mean, he was disguising it as a mental exam, but it was mostly curiosity, you know, I was the closest thing to a celebrity he’d ever treated.
We talked about The Highsteppers, Sam the Sham, I mean, he knew them all, all the old blues guys even.
He wanted stories.
I don’t think he was speeding my recovery.
(laughs)
CM:  	Nine weeks—that’s a pretty long stay, isn’t it?
This was in Memphis?
BG:  	Yeah, nine weeks, that’s fairly serious to be locked up.
Well, sort of locked up.
I mean, I could have left.
There were no bars or anything.
But, I had no will, I had no good reason to do anything.
Lorelei would just sit with me and we’d talk about small things, you know, what it was like outside, what she was reading, some painting she was doing.
Almost anything but me getting back to the music.
See, Lor, instinctively knew that was the sticking point, that me making music again was the key, but, also my deepest fear—that I’d lost it all.
That I’d never write another meaningful song.
I’d rather not say which hospital this was.
Just because of, you know, the privacy thing.
I think I’m supposed to be discrete about that.
CM:  	What turned it around?
BG:  	I don’t know really.
I don’t know if it really got turned around.
One day I woke up and I felt pretty good, you know.
The sun was coming in the window there and I was digging the way the dust motes floated in it, as if they were little living things, and I thought, I’ve had enough of this shit.
And I got dressed.
Lor came in that morning and I was sitting there in my clothes waiting for her.
We checked me out.
We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
(laughs)  It’s funny now.
But, then, it was like we were doing something extraordinary and perhaps not entirely wholesome.
We drove home in compete silence.
And when we got home, we undressed as if it were all scripted, as if this was the end of that chapter.
And when we were both naked, we fell together into the bed.
And we fucked and cried and cried and fucked and it was all ok.
If only for a little while.
It was shortly after this that I left Memphis for good.
CM:  	You went to L.A.?
BG:  	Yeah, shortly after that.
CM: 	Did you talk to Crafty and Skippy?
BG:  	Castor and Pollux, sure, I called ‘em up.
I said, I’m back from the dead, man.
CM: 	What was their reaction?
BG:  	Oh, they were cool, you know.
Skippy, God love him.
What I didn’t know was that Crafty was already scheming against me, working on getting the rights to the Black Lung stuff reverted entirely to him, since I was non campo mentis.
That’s what his lawyer said.
CM:  	But, for the record here, how did you decide to go to L.A.?
BG:  	One day, it was, oh about a month after the hospital.
I’d been at home just sitting there, you know, letting my mind rot.
Lorelei was doing a lot of painting and she left me to myself as much as I needed it.
But, I was doing nothing.
I was mindless.
I was watching soaps, for Christ’s sake.
Hooked on soaps and dopes.
CM:  	You weren’t still using…
BG:  	Well, no, uh…
CM:  	What pulled you out?
BG:  	I was watching late night TV.
That Don Kirschner thing, what was it called?
I don’t know.
But Creedence came on.
And there was fucking Fogerty singing “Wrote a Song for Everyone” and I just snapped back.
It was like a puzzle piece popping into place.
I thought, man, here’s a guy, been through the mill, right?
and he’s singing about singing for everyone and, man, I saw that it was all so selfish, this exile, this block.
I thought, it’s ego, is what it is.
How dare I not write songs?
How dare I?
So, I picked up my guitar and wrote, “Alison All Gone.”  Lorelei heard me and didn’t come into the room right away.
She’s very intuitive that way.
But she knew.
She heard the words, heard the pain in my voice.
She knew I was alive again.
Pain is alive, right?
A man obsessed is a man alive.
And when she did come into my little home studio there I had finished the fucking song and I sang it to her and she just sat there and cried, man.
Just wept.
And I did, too.
And I sang it again.
It was just heart wrenching, man, I mean, we were just like two kids given a new lease on life.
I wrote a song, I kept, thinking.
I wrote a damn good song.
I was back, you know, back, but different.
Different but the same.
This is what I want everyone to understand.
What I want to say—the difference is not a drama, the difference is a poem, a song, a way of looking at life, that’s slightly atilt, slightly askew, perhaps, but it’s all me, you know?
It’s what I am.
I am a songwriter.
That was finding my soul.
(garbled)
BG:  	Yeah, I’m ok.  Ok.
LE: 	It’s late.
CM:  	Yeah, it’s actually dark outside, I think.
You want dinner?
I’ll buy dinner.
BG:  	No, no, thanks.
CM:  	Beautiful, the light there against that white wall, against the sash.
It’s like a ruddle…
BG: 	Blood.
It’s the color of blood.
CM: 	Which is life, right?
BG:  	Yes.
LE: 	Maybe just—
CM: 	Yeah, tomorrow, right?
Is that alright?
BG: 	I’m tired.
Day Three
Creole Myers: 		Whose paintings in the room off the den?
Lorelei’s?
Buddy Gardner:  	Lor’s.
Lor’s the painter.
CM:  	They’re good.
BG:  	Oh, they’re better than good.
They’re remarkable.
I keep telling her to use the contacts she’s made in the art community, but she thinks she’ll be trading on my name.
Different worlds, really, but that’s Lorelei.
I’m not sure she’s knows how good she is.
How good she can be.
CM: 	The tall one, the figure.
BG:  	Yeah, that’s the newest.
With all the floating objects around it?
CM:  	Yeah.
BG:  	That’s new.
You know, Lor studied with this old artist in New York, this Brazilian named Oyvind Fahlstrőm.
Really, that was his name.
I think he’s still alive.
Lor, have you heard from him, from Oy?
She took a lot from him.
Though I think she’s gone off in her own direction.
There’s a cartoonist’s simplicity there, those lines, that is both childlike and very sophisticated.
CM:  	Does she show her stuff?
BG:  	Shit, I’m lucky if she shows me.
Once I told her she was like Twombly but with a better sense of humor.
She sulked for a week.
Don’t really know why.
So, I just tell her, man, I love this.
You know, artists—
CM: 	Here she is now.
Good morning.
Lorelei Enos:	 	Good morning.
Did you make coffee?
BG:  	It’s on the sideboard.
CM:  	Join us?
LE:  	Be right there.
CM: 	Should I compliment her work?
BG: 	Take a shot.
It’s your ass.
(laughs)
CM: 	Uh, gimme your three top influences.
BG:  	We did that, didn’t we?
Influences?
Uh, Hoagy Carmichael, Tristan Tzara and Soupy Sales.
CM: 	Um.
BG:  	Print that.
CM: 	Ok.
So, there’s a rumor that you’re working on an album of covers.
Want to give us a hint of what we can expect?
BG:  	Yeah, I am doing that.
Giving a nod to my influences, to use your word, to make you happy, Creole, though some of the stuff, you know, will be fairly obscure.
Will seem new.
You grok?
Let’s see, I’ve already cut “Your Mama’s on the Bottom, Papa’s on Top, Sister’s in the Kitchen Hollerin’ When They Goin’ to Stop” with the L. A.
Session.
That cooks.
“Flying Saucer Rock and Roll.”  “Shimmy She Wobble.”  “Diddly Bow Blues,” the Seven Finger Tucker standard.
Um, I cover Neil’s “Last Train to Tulsa.”  That’s probably the most recent thing on there.
Miles’ “Birth of the Cool Theme.”
CM:  	An instrumental?
BG:  	Yeah, I pick it out on the Gibson.
It’s sweet, man.
Dylan’s “Get Your Rocks Off.” Memphis Minnie’s “Bumble Bee.”  I’ve got more stuff than I can fit on an LP.
Maybe it’ll be a double.
Nice gatefold with a picture of Sadie’s Garden.
“Vertiginous Waves of Murmuring Need.” “Negro Thursdays.” “Bad Eye,” with John Sebastian’s band.
“Pachuko Hop.” The Airplane’s “Plastic Fantastic Lover.” “How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria.” (laughs) I’m doing “Elusive Butterfly” with the Stone Canyon Band.
Um, a Mike Nesmith song—I can’t remember the name of it.
Maybe “To Sir with Love.” “Bearcat.”
CM: 	You do “Bearcat?”
BG:  	Just me and the National.
Sounds pretty good.
Lor likes it.
LE:  	His voice.
He really reached down for some voice on that one.
BG: 	(singing) “Shake it to the east Shake it to the west Shake it to the one that you love the best…”
CM:  	That’s not “Bearcat.”
BG:  	No shit.
LE: 	The song by Mike is “Tengo Amore.”
CM:  	Right, right.
Great song.
Have you heard his version?
He’s a kickass songwriter, if people were really paying attention.
His Monkees stuff is first class.
I mean, even on the first album, “Sweet Young Thing”—that’s a kicking song.
I dig that song.
Maybe I should cover that—show everyone I can still rock out.
(laughs)
CM:  	Do you have a name for this project yet?
BG: 	I’m thinking of calling it In Cold Blood.
Or maybe Sadie’s Garden.
CM: 	Uh..
BG: 	“Where Do I Go” from Hair.
CM: 	Have you seen Hair?
BG: 	No, well, sort of.
Keith Kennedy, in the theater department at Memphis State is a friend of mine, and Keith was mounting the show, as I was, well, breaking down.
We had talked about my playing Berger.
But, it didn’t happen, so…
CM:  	You were gonna be in Hair?
BG: 	Well, I don’t know, we were just talking.
I don’t think he’d quite settled yet, on his approach, the whole tribal thing.
I mean, it was a student thing, mostly, and he did these intense tribal unity things before he ever started rehearsing the play.
It was beautiful.
I was part of some of the early planning.
Mostly it was just talk.
I’d sit in, we’d all be in a room and we’d just chant for an hour or so.
It was ritualistic.
But, those songs…beautiful stuff.
Be interesting to see what Rado and Ragni and whatever the hell the other guy’s name is, do next.
It’ll blow our minds, I’m betting.
CM:  	Hm.
Hair.
Ok.
BG: 	(sings) “We starve look at one another…”
CM: 	Yeah.
BG:  	“Facing a dying nation…”  Funny, now, eh?
Dying nation.
What almost killed me.
What did Hemingway say, what doesn’t kill me makes me stronger?
CM:  	I don’t think that was Hemingway.
BG: 	I think it was.
CM: 	Ok.
BG:  	Right.
CM: 	What about the road?
Are you going back out?
Do you enjoy touring?
BG:  	Touring is the dark outside the circle of the light of creativity.
You dig?
I mean, it’s corrupt.
If I didn’t have to do it, I wouldn’t.
Not anymore.
I mean, I did it, you know.
Five nights a week, 300 gigs a year.
I did it.
It’ll kill you.
Look who it killed.
But, yeah, I mean, when the new LP comes out they’ve got me touring.
Shit.
I’ll do it.
I mean, I love the fans, ok?
But, I’d rather be here with Lorelei, that seems fairly obvious right?
I’ll probably agree to the big ten tour.
That’s what they give the aging guys like me.
CM:  	You’re only---
BG: 	Yeah, yeah, but I’ll do the top ten, you know.
I mean, I’d rather do Little Rock.
I’d rather do Wichita Falls.
But, if you’re gonna only do a handful, they insist on Boston, New York, L. A., etc.
Big venues, maybe two, three nights.
I’d rather do clubs, truth be told.
McCartney told me he was gonna do that.
Sneak into clubs, unannounced, and do quick gigs with a pickup band.
That sounds cool, man.
I could do that.
That I could do.
But, I‘ll do the top ten and be done with it,  Do the interviews, the meet and greet afterwards, the back stage shit where they set you up with local celebs and the press and, you know, the auditorium owner’s daughter.
Guy could laid every night on the road.
Partly, that’s why it’s not for me anymore, you know.
Got my woman, got my nest.
Rather bed down and just write.
The business stuff, well, it’s shit, isn’t it?
CM: 	Um--
BG:  	What’s next, Creole, my old friend?
CM: 	Maybe we should talk about who’s producing your newer stuff?
In Memphis you had these gurus, these guys to sort of steer your stuff—
BG: 	That’s a pretty good metaphor, yeah.
Jim, kept the Black Lung stuff from becoming just this hopelessly over-the-top crap, these pointless solos—well, for the time, really, they’re pretty restrained.
But, out here, well, it’s me.
I’ve been producing.
Or I give Lor credit.
She helps sometimes.
Which, I know, leads to more of the self-indulgent slams—I’ve heard it said that I need someone to keep me from the sideroads of self-pity, self-consciousness.
Listen, they’re saying the same things about McCartney, about Paul Simon.
CM: 	Well, but—
BG:  	I don’t wanna hear it, man.
I liked McCartney.
I liked Ram, ok?
And my new stuff, I like it, I like it done my way, I don’t need some label hack in there telling me, uh, we need an oboe here, dig?
It’ll be like Blue, right?
Amazing piece of work that Joni just bled onto tape—and it’s so simple, so austere.
Sure, she credits someone with producing—who was it?
Crosby?
It didn’t matter—that’s Joni, raw, honest, real.
That’s the sound I want.
CM: 	Let’s do something hip here.
Let’s go song by song.
BG:  	Song by…
CM:  	Through your catalog.
BG:  	Shee.
Fun.
If you call ‘em out, I’ll try to comment.
Don’t expect me to remember everything..
CM:  	Let’s do Rain and Other Distractions first.
BG:  	Right.
CM: 	“Train Tracks and Other Tracks.”
BG:  	We’ve done this one.
Let’s skip ahead.
I don’t want to do the drug talk again.
I’m clean, that’s all we need to know right now.
CM: 	“Aphids on the Heliotrope.”
BG:  	That was for Lor’s mom.
She’s a big gardener, got this incredible spread of flowers in her back yard.
She’s taught me a lot about simple pleasures, flowers, feathers, sun.
She’s practically a Native American shaman—she, oh, never mind….
CM: 	“Nature breathing heavy/trying to keep up with her.’
BG:  	Yeah, yeah, that’s Lor’s mom, Sadie.
She’s remarkable, really, a sort of Zen master just in her daily life.
I mean, plant a seed, watch it grow, you know, that whole Lennon/Ono message.
I love that.
And it’s a rhythm guitar song, mostly, right?
I wrote it with this rhythm guitar sound in mind, simple, a song any bar singer can play.
CM:  	The title song.
BG: 	That’s a California song, the first one I wrote out here.
You know, it rains a lot here—well, yeah it does.
And at first, I thought, it’s such a distraction, you know, you want to just sit and watch it.
In Memphis, when it rained it was either these pissy little showers that barely dampened the dust or drain-clogging downpours.
Out here the rain takes on other qualities.
Biblical, almost.
It rains Dostoyevsky novels.
CM:  	Which is a line from the song.
BG:  	“It rains Dostoyevsky novels” (sings) “It rains streets of crocodiles/It rains the end of innocence/it rains murder trials.”
CM:  	The first line is “The rain, the park and other things…” Isn’t that a Cowsills song?
BG:  	(laughs) Yeah.
I was looking for a way in, I was looking for something Californiaesque to start with.
(laughs)  I thought the Cowsills—well, I didn’t think Cowsills because I couldn’t actually remember who sang the damn song, but I thought that song was quintessentially California.
It was just a key to the door.
CM:  	Anything else you want to say about that song?
BG:  	Uh, just that the line “It’s raining in my heart” is, of course, an homage to Buddy.
And the line “It’s raining Grabenhorst” is about an old school friend.
CM:  	We’ve already discussed her, I believe.
BG: 	Did we?
Good.
It’s got that “Green River” riff to it, a chugging thing, even though it’s acoustic, it sounds like a freight train, don’t you think?
CM:  	Ok, uh, “If You Push Your Belly Button your Legs Fall Off.”  Many critics said this was like a children’s song.
Like “Mary Had a Little Lamb.” Consciously so?
BG:  	A children’s song?
Shit.
No.
It’s about being in bed with a new woman.
It’s about that moment of intimacy after you’ve spent each other, that time when you’re running your fingers over each other’s bodies, asking about little nooks and crannies, scars and tattoos.
I said this to a woman—the “white swan woman” in the song—after our first intercourse.
I said to her, “If you push your belly button…” and she laughed long and hard.
It became code between us, code for post-coital pleasures.
By the way, the song makes reference to an actual quote.
When they asked Casanova what made him such a great lover, he said, “The tenderness afterwards.”  So, the line “the tenderness afterwards” comes from the Seducer, gambler, necromancer and spy, Giovanni Giacomo Casanova.
CM:  	Ok, um, “Hell in Denmark.”
BG: 	Well, you know, Lennon’s “Norwegian Wood?” Yeah, man, that’s about some affair he had, right?
But, he couldn’t talk about it because of Cynthia.
So, he writes this piece of surrealistic poetry and he sings it, man, in this voice as old as the shepherds.
Well, “Hell in Denmark” started that way.
It’s code, man.
But, you know, I don’t hide anything from my Love.
I don’t know, I started out writing this song because I had fucked this chick, see, when I was on tour, when Lor was back here.
And she sort of followed me around for a couple of gigs, and it was like a lost week, there, I was all screwed up.
I wasn’t thinking about Lorelei or what this would mean to her, if anything.
I just wanted to keep balling this chick, right?
She was blond and willowy and looked like a pixie and I just couldn’t get enough of her.
Some of my roadies, and Pete, man, God bless him, he was like ‘Buddy, drop this chick, she’s trouble, man.’  He was thinking of Lor.
So, anyway, this beautiful woman followed me from city to city—she was a gypsy—and she dressed like a gypsy—I can’t tell you her name cuz you’d know it, man.
Her heart is a legend.
But, I didn’t know who she was until I was inside her and she was moving like God’s immaculate machine.
Damn, she could ball.
And, I was, I thought, in love, for only the really second time in my life.
I wasn’t thinking, like, I gotta leave Lor, it’s gonna be painful, I want to be with this woman, this white light.
I wasn’t thinking, period.
Anyway, Lor knows all this—it’s cool, it’s cool.
Lorelei, you gotta understand, is amazing, she’s like so together, and she understands human nature and sees it for the shoddy stuff that it is, and she accepts everything, man, like all human interaction is innocent, you dig?
I mean, it hurt her, yeah, she’s human.
But, she knew I wouldn’t do anything like this lightly.
She knew it must have been some kind of deep cut for me to persist in it for, what, a couple weeks, a little longer.
It took a while to get this angel out of my blood—it was like going for detox, you know?
Shit.
(laughs) What were we talking about?
Oh—the song, yeah, anyway, that’s what the song is about, that lost time, that time I went away and came back.
I still like the lyrics: I still imagine a face white like faith’s hue and a dimple carved there and a disdain for any attention.
How attractive these qualities are.
How they still reverberate across the gulf of time.
It really is a gulf, deep like an ode, and dark as if dipped in death-shadow.
CM: 	Damn.
It’s a beautiful melody, too.
BG:  	Yeah it is.
And that’s sitar on it—though we miked it so it sounds sort of like a harp.
CM: 	Ok.  “Building Cla-Le-Clare?”
BG:  	You know, Larry co-wrote that.
CM:  	Larry?
BG:  	Raspberry.
As in the Highsteppers.
We wrote that when I was back in Memphis because my mother was in the hospital.
Larry came and sat with me in her room—he’s a bloke, man, a true spirit.
He would come and sit with me, and, while we were watching over her—it was horrible, stomach cancer, and her heart was weak, I thought, shit, we’re losing her—anyway, Larry was there.
And we wrote that song next to my mother’s hospital bed.
Strange.
It has nothing to do with the surroundings.
It’s about, you know, having a dream, and building something, only to have it come to naught.
It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
Why I was so happy to work with him.
And we’ve made plans to work together again.
He’s coming out here—when was it again, Lor?
LE: 	June, I think.
His wife called just a couple days ago.
BG:  	Larry’s into something or other.
But, he promised he’d be here.
I’m ready to see what we can do together again.
CM: 	“Necronomicon Blues?”
BG:  	Whimsy.
Just fooling around.
CM:  	Don’t know anything about the Black Arts, about..
BG:  	Naw.
Cept what’s written there, most of which I made up.
Satan is a cruel master.
(laughs)  Shit, I’m not Alice Cooper, you know.
I’m not a reincarnated witch.
(laughs)  Really.
CM: 	The music sounds a little calypso.
BG:  	It does, doesn’t it?
CM: 	“When the Henbane Blooms”?
BG:  	Drug song, right?
You can dig that.
Even you, Creole, Family Man.
You can dig where that’s coming from?
Naw, shit, I’m goofing on you.
It’s not a drug song.
It’s about Lor’s brother-in-law, who is a werewolf.
No shit.
He’s really a werewolf.
CM:  	Um…
BG: 	 Hey, here’s something I can tell you now, something that’ll blow your mind, ok?
CM: 	Sure.
BG: 	I mean, it sounds perverse, but, well, everyone who wrote me off as this junkie-folkie like JT, here’s another clue for you all.
I did a song called, “Don’t Ever Antagonize the Horn,” based on a Coltrane melody.
A real, guitar heavy piece with some of Zappa’s band.
I released it under the name “Jimi Mumu.”
CM:  	I know the song, great song.
That’s you.
BG:  	Well, shit, I can say it now.
Let ‘em sue.
Yeah, it’s just a single right.
At first we were gonna do it on Frank’s Straight label but he was going through some business hassles at the time.
So it came out on Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus, this really underground Frisco label, started, I think, by Dino Valenti.
Maybe not.
Anyway, we did this heavy piece as a kind of lark—I was pissed, I admit by all the dismissals I was getting in the rock press, all the accusations of sell-out.
So I did this little 45, this really wild piece of music—that’s a Stratocaster I’m playing but filtered through this mini-moog that Underwood brought with him.
And damned if it wasn’t a hit.
We didn’t even have a back for it, you know, a flipside.
So I quickly wrote “Stately Plump Buck Mulligan” as a 12-bar blues, and we sort of adlibbed it in the studio.
One take.
Anyway, you heard it here first.
That’s me, man, Jimi Mumu.
I love that little 45.
If you can find one, Dad, it’s worth some money, I hear.
After Laughing Buddha folded, you know.
Hey, I got some here—Lor, get a copy of “Don’t Ever Antagonize the Horn” for Creole.
A little something for your reading public, man, for the fans.
I can still cook, Daddy, believe it.
Check out that bridge—that “rave up.”  I was really playing that instrumental part like it’s a jazz chart, see, stretching it out—that’s psychedelia, I guess.
Shit, that was fun.
CM: 	Huh.
I thought that was, like, a one-hit wonder thing.
BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
That’s the story.
I remember Rolling Stone sent someone out here to get the story behind the song, but, by that time Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus Records has closed up its offices.
No one home.
They had one other chart hit.
What was it called?
Uh.
“Fainting Spell, A Bagatelle.”  That was it.
By The Holly and IV.
I can’t tell you who that really is.
CM:  	Ok, um, the next song on Rain and Other Distractions, the penultimate song, before the finisher, “Goodbye to the Shell,” is this odd little folk song, “Right on Poplar Avenue.”
BG: 	Yeah, that’s Lor’s song, actually.
Well, I mean, she didn’t write it, except in the sense that she’s inside my head like no one else.
That song stems from a conversation we were having about the past, about the future.
You know, it’s so damn hard to live in the moment, isn’t it?
I mean, it’s that Zen thing, you know?
You wanna stay present, but the past keeps intruding.
“Right on Poplar Avenue,” pun intended, is about this girlfriend I use to have—well, she wasn’t really a girlfriend, I guess—she was one of those people you come up against in your life where you’re just beating your head against a wall.
For whatever reason you just aren’t connecting.
This woman, beautiful woman, was a flirt, no kidding, I mean, she made eyes at me across this restaurant, this vegetarian restaurant, and I couldn’t figure out what she was doing.
I was a little dense—this was, oh, I don’t know, before Lorelei, before we really hit big.
And, then afterwards, one of those driving home epiphanies, I figured out who she was, and that she was looking at me because she recognized me and expected me to recognize her.
So, I was a bit embarrassed and when I got home, I called her.
I said, hey, it’s Buddy.
I know, she said.
I said, well, shit, you know, in the restaurant, I’m sorry, I didn’t remember who you were, and I thought, damn, this is embarrassing, but, I thought you were staring at me, you know, to get my attention, to get my heterosexual attention.
And, well, then I remembered, of course, that I knew you through the Tickles.
And she said, I wasn’t just looking at you because I expected you to remember me.
You know, you’re not bad to look at.
I could have looked all night, she said.
Well, shit, I thought, ok, yeah.
I can dig this chick, because I mean, she had this body, well, the kind you dream about.
And she was this novelist’s daughter and so she was cool and kind of bohemian and had this apartment in Midtown, upper floor, with a nice view of Poplar.
So, I just showed up there one evening.
And, you won’t believe this, but she was just out of the shower and was wearing nothing but a bathrobe.
And her skin was glistening with dampness.
I thought I had stumbled into heaven, man.
I thought, nothing is gonna be easier than falling into bed with this beautiful woman.
So, after some awkward small talk—and keep in mind, she didn’t go get dressed—I made a move.
I think I just sort of leaned in to kiss her.
And she let me kiss her, but, man, nothing back.
I mean, fuck, she didn’t even open her mouth.
Don’t you hate that shit?
So, I’m standing there, I might as well have had my dick out, and she looked at me like I was a piece of modern art that she couldn’t figure out.
And, finally, after I had already turned back into an awkward 12 year old, she said, sorry, I can’t be doing that.
That was it.
That was her explanation.
I never saw that chick again, I can tell you.
I mean, I got out of there fast and tried to restabilize my pride, and I just thought, well, fuck it, I don’t know what that was all about, I don’t pretend to understand what that was all about.
So, anyway, that inspired this song—actually, Lor and I talking about that incident inspired that song.
The line “she was going through her midtown period/there was blood in the air” is mostly Lor’s.
CM:  	That’s quite a story.
Ok, that leaves “Goodbye to the Shell,” maybe one of your most controversial songs, one that some folks back in Memphis didn’t take too kindly to, one that is perhaps misunderstood.
Can you clear it up any?
BG:  	I’m not even sure what the fuck you’re talking about?
It’s about leaving Memphis, yeah, so what?
What’s not to like?
Who didn’t like it?
CM:  	Um, well, let’s see, in Sum Times, the review said, “’Goodbye to the Shell’ is the kind of self-satisfied soft-rock that John Denver would be proud of.
If Gardner hates his past so much why can’t he leave it behind?
Why does he write, ‘Adult us, be real, don't frighten or gull us, Honest Merchant, Home, Bluff City.’?
Buddy Gardner, Memphis don’t need you around no more.”
BG: 	(laughs)  What horseshit.
Who wrote that?
That same dame that wrote that other fucking review, right?
What’s she got up her ass?
“Goodbye to the Shell” is a love song, ok?
It’s about my hometown, the only hometown I’ll ever have.
The only one I could leave.
I love and hate Memphis, man.
You understand.
I love and hate a lot of things—they’re twin emotions.
Especially, when you’re dealing with the past.
Fuck her.
She doesn’t understand anything.
Whoever gave her the job of writing reviews should be shot.
Next question.
CM:  	Sorry, Buddy.
BG:  	Fuck it.
Move on.
CM:  	Uh, that brings us to your most recent release, the almost entirely acoustic, “I Was a Child When Smaller.”
BG:  	Right.
CM:  	First song, the painful, “Allison All Gone.”
BG:  	Right.
Nothing to say there.
Next.
CM: 	Uh…
BG:  	What?
It’s all in the song, man.
Broken heart.
Big fucking deal.
Everyone’s had ‘em.
LE: 	“O Allison, between your legs was a kitchen of delight” is still a lovely line.
BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
Ok, Creole.
CM:  	Next cut is “Burn my Bridges.”
BG:  	Same thing, right?
One has to grow up, you know?
One has to destroy one’s parents.
Metaphorically.
I can write about that—that’s viable stuff, right?
CM:  	One critic wrote, “Gardner seems content to wallow in his own past as if anyone else cared about it.”
BG: 	Yeah, it’s a personal song.
It’s personal.
I write personal songs now.
Dismiss me but leave me alone.
CM: 	And the next cut is “Forget my Roots.’
BG:  	It’s the same thing, ok?
Same fucking thing.
You think I don’t know that.
It’s a companion piece.
It’s meant to be ironic—you think I’m stupid and don’t see that they’re the same song.
See, “Forget my Roots” is an inversion of “Burn my Bridges.”  You gotta compare the lyrics.
I’m not gonna connect the dots for you, man, I’m the artist.
You gotta meet me halfway.
Ok?
You dig?
CM:  	Yet, the next song is definitely a more mellow, more, can we say California song?
BG:  	“At City Lights I was Saved.’ Yeah.
An homage to Ferlinghetti, his whole ethos, his whole mystique.
He’s the patron saint of boho out here, you know?
I wrote that song after an afternoon I spent with him and Michael McClure and Dylan at McClure’s place.
We all had come from the bookstore—I was looking for, what was it, Lor?
LE:  	Rexroth’s Chinese translations, I think.
BG:  	Exactly.
Yeah, so I had that in my hand.
And there was Dylan with a copy of Teeth Mother Naked at Last.
And we hugged and, man, it was like, I was set loose.
I was exonerated for all past sins.
Dylan knew the writers, you know, he and Ginsberg and the rest of them.
He was meeting Ferlinghetti there at City Lights and Larry brought Michael and we all just kind of hit it off—you gotta know these guys, I mean, this is what’s real, you know, this, what you can hold in your hand, that’s the kind of guys these guys are.
You take a book, you can hold it in your hand, and it’s like, it’s already communicating with you, before you even open it.
And these guys, these poets, man, they are just so honorable.
And City Lights is a halidom, right?
You’ve been there?
Ok, it’s ground zero, as far as I’m concerned.
I’m just a student of that place, of Larry, right?
I’m still learning.
Anyway, we all went to McClure’s for coffee and sat around the whole fucking afternoon talking about anything and everything.
Dylan, you know, he was in, what they were calling a down phase—like they fucking know—and we talked about that, and about how I was being called a sell-out.
And, I remember, Ferlinghetti said this wonderful thing, he said, “You know what Durrell says, Buddy?
‘In the end everything will be true of everybody.’  And, man, I thought, yeah, that’s salvation, that’s true.
I tried to capture that in the song.
I probably missed the mark—you had to be there (laughs)—but I tried, you know?
I wanted to say something about being an artist, a struggling artist, how it’s hard to even say what you mean, half the time.
I don’t know.
Some of that is in that song.
The line about the maple tree is McClure’s.
I don’t really like the arrangement we came up with for this song.
I don’t think the backup guys were up to it.
I should have played everything—I almost went back in and re-cut it, but, hell, it’s ok the way it is.
But, it could have been better.
Thicker.
CM: 	“It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh.”
BG:  	Right.
That’s actually a really old song—that almost made it onto Turntable.
I wrote that in Memphis, in Lorelei’s bedroom, right after we had made love.
There was candlelight dancing on the walls, and outside one of those Memphis thunderstorms that seem like the end of the world, beautiful like the end of the world should be, and Lorelei was lying there naked, a vision out of Titian, and I just started singing those lyrics.
Those were given to me, you know?
Like they always existed but I was the one that plucked them from the ether.
It’s weird, that’s the most Memphis song on the LP, though it really is about, what’s inside us, you know?
What keeps us going, keeps us growing.
And, it’s not true unless it makes you laugh.
That’s what I want to say to my critics, you know, lighten up, irony isn’t dead yet.
Well, I don’t really want to say it to them, I mean, they’ve got their lives, their maggoty little lives, and they’ve got these things they want to say and I say, god bless them.
But, in the end, fuck ‘em if they can’t take a joke.
But, back to the song, here are the elements present in between the lines: candlelight, a picture of Tristan Tzara that was on Lor’s wall, post-orgasmic lassitude, the sound a needle makes stuck in the endgrooves of an LP, and, finally and most importunately, the sight of my woman’s incredible ass, naked beside me.
That’s that song.
I wanted a starker arrangement but Pete talked me into the chick singers and the spoon harp.
It’s ok, at least it was subtle.
Quiet chick singers, ha.
Naw, they were great, really.
Jimmy Keltner brought me them.
CM: 	“Song for L. Enos.”
BG:  	Kind of self-explanatory, right?
I mean, here she is.
My be-all and end-all.
I realize outsiders can’t understand—they see, what, witchcraft or some kind of nefarious necromancy at work.
Shit, man, it’s love.
You know, LOVE?
I wrote that song because Lorelei changed my life.
It’s like “Julia”, you know, the Lennon song?
Julia as all-women.
That’s Lor.
She’s the feminine principle, the earth-mother, female rain, Moon Goddess.
It’s in the song.
Between the lines, it’s all there.
And dig that 12-string playing, man.
That’s near perfect.
CM:  	Only near?
BG:  	Yeah, it’s all any of us get.
Near perfect.
That day I was riding God’s tail.
I was playing like Robert Johnson ensorcelled.
You dig that?
I made up that little middle bit, and, then, as discussed—I think we talked about this—a little piece of Jimi’s “Third Stone from the Sun,” thrown in at the beginning, as a tribute, because he had just died and I was in mourning when I wrote that.
CM: 	“Squonk?”
BG: 	Yeah, dig.
You know what a squonk is, right?
It’s like, what’s that song Cocker did so well, “I’m Gonna Drown in my Own Tears,” right?
Squonks cry themselves to death, dissolve in their own tears.
That’s what I mean by the ironic twists to I Was A Child.
This charge of self-pity, yeah, man, I’m on it, I dig.
It’s right there on the album, if you really listened to it, if you listened with more than your ears, man.
The repetition of “I’m crying”—almost three minutes of it, I know—it goes back to “I’m Gonna Sit Right Down and Cry Over You” and Lennon’s “I Want You.”  You know, you strip it down, you get right to the core phrase, the essential thing you wanna say—that’s what I’m getting at.
I’m crying, yeah.
My woman done gone.
You get it?
By the way, that’s Sebastian on the autoharp.
CM: 	“Kill the Wabbit.”
BG: 	(laughs)
CM:  	One critic suggested that this was infantile and on a par with McCartney’s love song to his dog.
BG: 	Infantile?
Ok.  Shit, it’s only a minute twenty four seconds.
I was just goofing around.
And, hey, I like McCartney’s love song to his dog.
You mean Martha, right?
You ever loved a dog, man?
CM: 	“Flower King” we did.
BG: 	Right.
CM: 	“Beverly’s Box?”
BG:  	Sex song.
CM:  	Really?
Because it never mentions sex.
BG:  	Like the best sex songs.
CM:  	About…
BG: 	You do pry, don’t you, Creole?
Beverly.
Ok?
CM:  	Another…
BG:  	She was this beautiful woman, large breasts, great body, lived in Jackson, Mississippi, with whom I had a torrid, sporadic affair.
Sitting on me, oh my goodness, she… Beverly, Beverly.
Beverly from Jackson, like the song says.
Is this gentlemanly?
No, no, edit this out…
CM:  	Funny line about her being hotter than a pepper sprout.
Now, I guess, I see the smoldering sexuality of the song.
BG:  	Thanks.
A lot of folks didn’t get that line.
Short memories.
CM:  	Lost love—would you say that’s one of your themes, especially as it is related to physical love?
BG:  	Shit.
Sure.
Yeah, lost pussy.
I’m the poet of lost pussy.
CM: 	(laughs)
BG: 	(laughs) Shit.
I got you to laugh, Creole.
Now, we can start.
Now it begins.
CM:  	One more, the seven plus minute, “Weanling of the Great Waters.”
BG:  	It’s about the river, obviously.
CM:  	The river, back home…
BG:  	Ok, yes.
Caught.
Another Memphis song.
Yeah, it’s about growing up next to that river, Big Muddy in my veins, also about being born just a few miles from Niagara Falls, and, briefly it makes mention of the Pacific.
I’ve always been near water.
What does this mean?
Nothing.
But it made for interesting song material.
I like some of the lyrics, which are a little plain, despite the ornate title of the song.
CM:  	And, that’s just you and your guitar.
BG:  	Right.
Actually, recorded here at home, right over there, in the corner by the bookcases.
I set up a mike in the corner, turned my back to the room, and used the wall of books as organic echo, a trick, I’m sure you know, that Robert Johnson employed to get his idiosyncratic vocal style.
CM: 	No, I didn’t know that.
BG:  	Oh, yeah.
That’s the story, anyway,  He turned away from the engineer in the studio there and faced the corner, like Little Jack Horner—as a matter of fact, I almost called this “Little Jack Horner,” but it didn’t make much sense.
Anyway, everyone thought the poor guy was just shy, or hiding his idiosyncratic playing style—which may be partly true—but the real reason, so I’ve read, is that he could get an interesting “bounce” from the corner, sort of double-tracking his voice before that was ever heard of.
So, I laid it down first just on this cassette player—really—and then dumped it to a 16-track, played through a little reverb amp I had at the house.
Stayed up all night doing that fucker.
It was a full moon, I remember.
It was beautiful.
And at dawn, I brought it to Lorelei and said, baby, this is as good as Buddy gets.
Is this interesting?
CM:  	Sure.
What’s that percussive sound—it’s very interesting.
BG: 	(laughs) That’s my guitar hitting my shirt buttons.
CM: 	Oh.
How--
BG: 	The genesis of a song, I don’t know.
I’d rather you just listen to the song.
But this is your interview.
CM:  	It’s yours, also.
Don’t you feel that?
BG:  	I don’t know.
Perhaps.
Do I have a need to get my thoughts out, to let the public in on my life, my style, my method, my oeuvre?
Nah.
It’s all bullshit, isn’t it?
I mean, ten minutes after I say something I don’t mean it anymore.
It’s ephemeral, this trying to grasp what sparks art, like trying to catch soap bubbles.
Just listen to the music, man.
That’s what I want to say.
Can we erase everything else and just have me say, just listen to the music?
(laughs)  I didn’t think so.
Jesus, how we’ve gone on here.
Who’s gonna read this?
CM: 	Can you foresee a time when you won’t write songs anymore?
When you’ll retire?
BG: 	(long silence)  No.
I’ll always write songs.
I’ve got a lot to say.
I’m just tapping into it, you know.
Everything that has come before is only prelude.
I believe that.
I believe I’m on the cusp of a breakthrough, creatively.
I think my best stuff is ahead of me.
As far as retiring, I don’t know what you mean by that.
I can see me just staying home, writing, being with Lor, house-husband, you know, and just writing, and saying let someone else record the stuff.
But, I’ll always write.
CM:  	Anything besides songs?
BG:  	I, uh, I really don’t want to talk about it too much.
CM:  	Something in the works.
LE: 	He’s writing a novel.
CM:  	Really?
BG:  	Well, hell, yeah, I am.
But, you know, I don’t want that out there yet.
Look what it did to Dylan.
He didn’t want to finish Tarantula, but, there was so much pressure on him and then someone circulated bootleg versions and the whole thing became uncontrollable.
I can’t have that.
I’d rather keep my plans private for now, dig?
Can you keep that under your hat, Creole man?
CM: 	Got a title?
BG:  	Right now I’m callin’ it Great Expectations.
CM: 	Uh—
BG: 	Move on, man.
CM:  	At this point in your life, Buddy, are you a religious man?
Some of your work hints at it—but it’s subtext, it’s buried.
BG: 	Lately, for whatever reasons, I have been thinking more about the spiritual side of the human animal than ever I have in my previous twenty-some year tenure on Spaceship Earth.
It probably has to do with getting older, finding my stability in Lor.
Time at least to take a peak into the spiritual caldron.
There are miracles, it might cause one to whisper, alone in the dark.
I’m not comfortable, really, man, talking about my numinous side, as interesting as I think that is.
I want to ask a lot of questions, without presuming there are always answers.
Like, where do lares and penates, where does religion, fit in with this cynical lifestyle we’ve adopted, or that we’ve carefully constructed?
As The Lovin’ Spoonful asked, “Do you believe in magic?” I mean, I don’t know what has caused me to cogitate about the underlying premise of life, you know?.
I mean, fuck, are we really that far removed from our supranatural sides that any discussion or mention of it is inordinate, is worth commentary?
Or are we only embarrassed by discussions of spirituality?
If so, why?
This interests me, I guess.
When I told my shrink I didn’t use to be a spiritual person, his answer was, “You were not aware of being a spiritual person.”  I didn’t like his correction and insisted that, no, I embraced atheism briefly, then settled into a kind of solid-artifact agnosticism, i.e., I didn’t believe in anything I couldn’t put in my mouth and suck on.
This is a line of thinking invented by my friend, Eddie, who named his belief system, Oralism.
It made perfect sense to me at the time.
Eddie has since become the father of two beautiful little girls and I don’t know where that leaves him, belief-wise.
We haven’t talked about it.
Which is maybe part of what I’m digging at here.
My therapist reiterated, “Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm.”  I’ve come around more to his way of thinking, though I hate to lose any argument.
Man, I’m a believer, just like Mickey Dolenz.
(laughs) So, I believe now that we are spiritual beings.
I believe in a First Cause.
I believe in an afterlife, a kindliness underlying the universe, an Attendance behind the growth of an acorn into an oak.
A Man behind the Curtain.
I deplore the Religious Right (which, as the bumper sticker says is neither) and I’m uncomfortable with the entry of religion into politics.
I even dislike the “In God We Trust” on our currency.
But I am, for want of a better word, religious.
That’s me.
Is this the norm and people find it better to simply not talk about it?
I’ll tell you where my cogitation has led me.
I’ll keep you in suspense no longer about my conclusion.
It is this: we are not cynical.
We do not deny our left arms, our spiritual sides.
I mean, the universe is vast and mysterious and difficult and harmful and loving and full of the kind of wonder that makes simple men sit on their porches at night and look at the stars.
I believe this: there is more star-gazer to most of us than cynic.
But I’m still left with an uneasy feeling about spirituality, religion, personal theism, ibada, vespers—call it what you will—entering our workaday lives.
I’m not sure I want it there, in the marketplace, in the bars, in the music.
Perhaps, dad, it should all remain private.
And maybe all this religiosity can be refuted by Hemingway’s wonderful closing line to The Sun Also Rises, “Isn’t it pretty to think so?”  But here, in middle age, with my old friends settling down, with children growing up around me like burning bushes, I say to Papa: Yes, it is.
It is pretty to think there are things we don’t understand.
CM:  	We’re nearing the end here.
Anything else to add?
BG:  	I’ll drop a bombshell on you, Creole.
Only you will know this until you print it, dig?
CM: 	Alright.
BG:  	You know, I got a lot of big plans.
I’ve got the LP of covers coming out.
I got the novel, though that’s hush-hush.
I’m working on some new material for a song-cycle LP, to be called The Agoraphobe’s Pandiculations.
I might be scoring a movie for Robert Altman.
I might even play a small part in it—he’s cool, Altman.
He likes my new stuff, you know, he’s championing my newer stuff.
But, friend, I have bigger news than all of this—all my considerable stratagems pale in comparison—I give you the most hopeful news on the planet.
CM: 	Buddy, I--
BG: 	Lor is pregnant.
That’s right, man.
We’re gonna be parents.
And, you know, I’m ready for it.
This is gonna be one far-out kid.
And I think, I really believe, I’m gonna be one helluva father.
It’s my focus now.
There is hopefulness in parenting, dig?, like nothing else—it’s like saying, yes, I believe in the future.
Man, I’m so in love with this kid already, though right now, he’s a brine shrimp, right?
He’s a curled up question mark, a little bit of flesh and sortilege.
And, the music, well, it will only enrich it.
You’ll see.
Everyone’ll comprehend.
“In the end everything will be true of everybody.” Wait, till you see what I do next.
***
Since this interview Turntable Poison has been reissued on cd (Sundazed, 2000) with all songs in their original order plus these bonus cuts:
“Thunder Over Scenic Hills’ “Blues for Sandra Leathers” “Hayley Mill’s Underpants” (live) “Can’t You Hear My Heartbeat” (live) “Blues for Wendy Ward” (alternate version) “Hiroshima, Mon Amour” “It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh”
and a strange, concrete sound collage, called “Resolution #666”, which consists of tape loops, radio noise, car horns, snips of classical music, a piece of “Sugar, Sugar,” and, apparently, Crafty intoning, over and over, in a funereal tone, the phrase, “Fleming Fine Furniture.”
***
Post script: All efforts to contact, or even find, Buddy and Lorelei’s child, purportedly a daughter, proved fruitless.
As a mystery, it becomes another part of the myth of Buddy Gardner’s life, and death.
***
COREY MESLER has published in numerous journals and anthologies.
He has authored four novels: Talk: A Novel in Dialogue (2002), We Are Billion-Year-Old Carbon (2006), The Ballad of the Two Tom Mores (2010), and Following Richard Brautigan (2010); two full-length poetry collections: Some Identity Problems (2008) and Before the Great Troubling (2011); and three books of short stories: Listen: 29 Short Conversations (2009), Notes Toward the Story and Other Stories (2011), and I’ll Give You Something to Cry About (2011).
He has also published a dozen chapbooks of both poetry and prose.
He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.
He can be found at www.coreymesler.com.

﻿
Defining Moments: A Suburban Father’s Journey into his Son’s Oxy Addiction By Bradley V. DeHaven
Smashwords edition, published by Bradley V. DeHaven Copyright 2011 This book is available in a print edition at http://www.rxdrugaddict.com.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This ebook may not be sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication I dedicate this book to my wife Lisa, the one person who has been with me through more ups and downs than anyone could ever imagine.
You never know when or if the perfect person will appear.
The fateful night I set eyes on her set in motion everything that would happen to me for the rest of my life.
I couldn’t be happier that I was fortunate enough to be in the right place at the perfect time to meet my soul mate.
She is the most beautiful person, both inside and out.
She has been an inspiration for me and making her happy is the goal of my life.
We are best friends, confidants, partners, and true lovers and together we are one.
I can’t imagine my existence without her, and I know that everything I am and all I will become is shaped by her genuine kindness.
Meeting Lisa is the most important defining moment in my life.
Acknowledgments I would like to thank all of the drug and alcohol rehabilitation professionals who choose to tackle the daunting task of attempting to help those in this world who cannot take just one drink but must consume the whole bottle and those who cannot take a prescription pill as prescribed but must crush, snort, smoke or inject these powerful drugs to feed the monster of addiction.
Many of these counselors and staff who help the addicts in our lives were once addicts themselves.
They choose to “give back” because they have either finally come to understand what caused them to want to destroy themselves and are compelled to share this knowledge or they know that they can only continue their sobriety by staying where they found it, or both.
Either way, they are the students who became the teachers of recovery and only they are bullet proof to the lies that flow so freely from an addict’s mouth.
I would like to thank the staff of Narconon and every other facility that helps our addicts attempt to identify and handle the demon they cannot resist.
I would like to thank Chris Tillman for encouraging me to turn my cathartic writings into a book to share my story with others.
I would like to thank my mother for being the best mother she could be despite astronomical obstacles that faced a single parent in the 60’s with no financial support from her first husband and an abusive second husband.
Mom, we never knew how hard life was for you because you made sure we came first and you protected us the best you could!
To my son Bryce, I would like to thank you for all of your accomplishments and helping me as a father not have a complete melt down because at least I knew I wasn’t a complete failure as a Dad.
You gave me the hope and courage to continue to try to understand your brother and his drug addiction and eventually the addiction of others.
And a special Thank You to my editor, Robin Martin of Two Songbirds Press, for believing in my story and my ability to convey it.
I couldn’t have completed this without you!
Part I: Defining Moments Chapter 1: The Medicine Cabinet I sit alone in my new quad truck with its 22-inch rims; it looks like some 20-year-old spoiled brat has decked it out.
I am tucked away in a remote parking space at a retail shopping center.
No one would normally park this far from the grocery store, which anchors an array of businesses, at least not this late at night in this sparsely populated lot.
I know this place well, as this is where my wife and I buy our groceries.
It is in an upper class neighborhood serving the wealthy residents who live in their posh homes nearby.
The front of my truck faces a short decorative fence, which borders a greenbelt area, and I stare across the wetlands that the railing protects.
As I sit, I think about the circumstances in my life that brought me to this spot.
I am alert to my surroundings but distracted by my thoughts.
The fingers on my left hand slowly stroke my bottom lip and then downward across my graying goatee.
It is eerily quiet but my mind pounds with the noise in my head.
My attention should be entirely on the task at hand and not the events in my life that lead me here, but my mind hiccoughs.
I am here because this is where the drug dealers will meet me.
They have $2500 in cash in exchange for the one hundred 80 milligram Oxycontin tablets which are in a small plastic bottle, tucked away into my jacket pocket.
I have just turned fifty years old, which is older than the combined age of the young couple who will be meeting me.
It is early 2009, and the drug I have in my pocket was not even available when I was a teenager.
In my younger days the contents in my pocket would have been cocaine or marijuana, but times have changed.
The eventual recipients of these pills will be the addicts who crave them more than a next meal or the love of their family, or anything for that matter.
The pills are small, round and an odd green color—a powerful prescription drug manufactured to relieve severe pain.
They are essentially synthetic heroin, and much sought after by the drug addicts who litter your streets, work alongside you and perhaps sit next to you at a family dinner.
They are daughters or sons or parents.
The street price for these pills could reach up to $80 each while the co-pay at the pharmacy for the insured who are prescribed these pills could be as little as $10 for a quantity of ninety.
That is quite a tidy profit for all involved, and the sellers do not care what casualties wait.
That is about all that stays the same in the drug world decade after decade.
The pill commonly referred to by the street name “Oxy” does not get swallowed by addicts in the way the pharmaceutical companies intended.
To intensify the effect of the drug, they consume the pills in alternative ways: First, they remove the time release coating that covers the pill by either scrapping it off with their fingernail or using a wet paper towel.
Then, they crush the tablet into a powder and snort it.
When snorting the Oxy begins to clog up and destroy their noses, or just isn’t getting them high enough, the addict places the pill whole, without the coating, onto a small square of aluminum foil, and holds a lighter underneath.
The addict rolls the pill around the foil in an odd balancing act so as not to lose the pill off the edge of the hot foil, or to leave it in one hot spot too long.
As it slides from side to side the lighter is moved just ahead of it.
The pill slowly vaporizes as it is cooked from beneath.
A thin line of fumes from the pill is released into the air and the addict inhales the vapor through a stem pipe.
Addicts hardly notice that their fingers and thumbs burn; blisters form where the flame licks back from the bottom of the foil.
As the pill slides back and forth, it leaves behind a zigzagging black mark resembling a line made by an indelible pen.
This technique is called “chasing the dragon,” and is reminiscent of a technique for ingesting heroin, Oxy’s unfashionable, yet omnipresent, cousin.
When addicts become so addicted that they cannot afford the quantity of Oxy they need to satisfy their cravings, as the appetite exceeds the budget, it is time for the next phase of this vicious cycle.
Addicts will do what they said they would never do.
Steal money.
Sell their bodies to strangers.
Encourage their girlfriend or wife to sell her body.
Anything to get the cash they desperately need to feed the demon that owns them.
The most extreme way to increase Oxy’s effect is to reduce the powder to a liquid, draw it into a syringe, and shoot it into their veins, warming them from the inside out.
Sound familiar?
There is nothing more glamorous about this drug than heroin.
The same addiction, the same diseases, the same low-down disgusting lying homeless in the alley and piss your pants drug—Oxy is essentially synthetic heroin.
And the last step, when addicts can no longer afford Oxy, is to get on heroin.
Lives are ruined or lost completely to this drug, which, unlike the drugs of the past, is found in the medicine cabinets of parents, grandparents and patients with severe pain all over this world.
Some of these patients lose their prescription unsuspectingly to family members or caregivers who steal it for the street value.
Other patients have discovered the street value so they beg their medical providers for more, claiming their pain has escalated and they need it more frequently to stop their suffering; then, they sell it.
The young couple coming to buy my Oxy know me as the latter—an old guy with a script.
I know they are both addicts and I know the boyfriend, Steve, is a big time Oxy dealer, selling it faster than he can get it.
I also know that his girlfriend, Ashley, sells her young body—he demands it—to pull her own weight in this sick relationship anchored in addiction.
I know this because I’ve hired her.
I look straight ahead at the entryway to this shopping center which is a narrow bridge spanning over the wetland preserve.
A light fog hovers above the shallow water and dissipates into the cattails that line its shore.
It is getting darker by the moment, but my eyes have adjusted and I can clearly see the cars that cross.
I eliminate them as they drive past.
I am looking for one of two cars I believe they will be driving.
Will it be the red Dodge Charger or the white Lexus sedan or perhaps a complete surprise?
One way or the next, they know where I am and what I am driving and exactly where I am parked.
I have met Ashley, so she should have no problem identifying me.
I focus on the occupants of car after car.
I am far too tense to be sleepy, but I am dazed by the constant parade of memories and possibilities that march through my head as I attempt to digest thousands of thoughts—hell bent on answering the question: Why do I sit here?
It has been many years since I have been involved in a drug deal, and my assumption is that the process hasn’t changed much.
My mother has been through too much pain and I can’t imagine what affect it would have on her to visit another family member in jail if things go badly tonight.
I think about the deep secret I have now and what my mother would think, and those defining moments that led me here.
Chapter 2: Small Town Whispers Sometimes life’s secrets begin with life itself.
My mother discovered she was pregnant with my older brother Thomas while she was still a high school student in a tiny town in Kansas.
To this day the town still has brick streets and tiny homes that are a throwback to simpler times.
The town is so small that the phonebook is about the size of a comic book.
It was 1957 and she was impregnated by her boyfriend in the back seat of his parents’ car.
My mother and father decided to sneak out to a neighboring town and get married after they discovered her pregnancy.
After their wedding, they returned to their respective homes each night, keeping their secret.
They did not know how or when they would break the news to their families.
But they had overlooked a tell-tale sign of their nuptials: The event would be published under “wedding announcements” in that little town’s newspaper, just a few miles down a rural road.
Their secret was revealed over the high school intercom when they were both summoned from their classes to the Principal’s office.
The announcer, heard by all who attended this rural school in the center of Hoisington, Kansas, called my father’s name, Richard T. DeHaven, and then my mother’s newly acquired married name, Karla June DeHaven.
It echoed through the classrooms, with a collective gasp from students and teachers.
They were excused from class, walked through the desks that lined the classroom, all eyes following them out the door.
Their parents stood with the principal ready for their arrival at the office.
As they entered the room it wasn’t hard to see the anger and disappointment.
They were from different sides of this small town.
My father’s dad was a butcher, his wife a seamstress.
My mother’s dad was an oil rig grunt of American-Indian decent, and his wife, a meek submissive homemaker.
Neither parent thought the other was good enough for their child, let alone the fact that they were both still children.
Once the reason for the marriage was revealed, their parents accepted it as best as they could.
My father’s parents arranged for them to live together in a small home while they finished school and awaited the birth of their baby.
It was the late fifties and a pregnant teenager was an embarrassment.
Shame followed the couple wherever they went.
Thomas Richard was born on a cold December day to parents who were children themselves.
I followed just 13 months later, and another brother was born 14 months later and died almost immediately after his birth.
My mother at 20 years old had two toddlers and had to accept the death of her third baby.
Years later, I returned to this town and located the home we first shared.
The home, which had since been converted into a one car garage, still had the old front door located next to a single car garage door that had been put in place of what was once the front window.
It seemed impossible that it could have ever have been anything but a garage.
Chapter 3: The Set Up The lights of another car coming over the bridge do not belong to either vehicle I am expecting, so I examine the occupants.
It is a man and his wife about my age so I look away quickly as to not draw attention to myself.
I know I’ve got to wait patiently, as this drug deal is important to me and my family.
I need it to happen.
Another thing hasn’t changed about drug deals in all the years since my last: Buyers are always late to arrive and usually short on cash with lame excuses throughout the process.
I am expecting $2500 in cash as agreed and I hope that the deal goes smoothly so I can go home safely to my wife and sons.
I don’t want any problems, and I don’t want to see any weapons.
Drug dealing has never been an honorable profession, so anything could happen.
Though I have never met the buyer, I have been assured by his girlfriend that he will have the money and the deal will take only a few minutes.
I also know that Ashley is seriously addicted to Oxy.
After we first met—at her apartment—she called me several times just to get a few pills to hold her over until we could meet for this drug deal.
I have refused her every time as I have told her that we will meet just the one time and exchange all the drugs for the money at once.
She has tried to entice me with her young body in exchange for a couple Oxy, but I have resisted the temptation.
The first time Ashley and I met I had the pleasure of seeing her naked body, but my goal is not to see it again, my goal is to do this drug deal.
Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.
Another car approaches and it is white, but I cannot tell the make of the vehicle.
As it passes, I check it out and see that it is a woman with two small children.
She is handing a baby bottle towards a car seat in the back.
A young boy sitting in the front passenger seat stares back at me as if to say, “What are you looking at?” I was once that baby in the backseat and my brother that inquisitive one in the front.
My father wouldn’t have been in the car either.
He disappeared long before I could commit him to my young memory.
Chapter 4: The Sixties and the Single Mom I don’t remember many details of my early childhood.
As much as I try, I cannot visualize my father, Richard, in any setting.
I remember my mother, my brother, grandparents, babysitters, uncles, friends, and different events but I just can’t place my father anywhere.
My parents divorced in the early sixties and my brother Thomas and I were very young.
We took a train ride from Kansas to California; my mother told us we were on an adventure.
We were far too young to comprehend divorce so there was no reason for her to explain.
Our dogs, Ringo and Trixie, were caged in the back of the train, surrounded by luggage.
To get to them, it required passing through a designated men’s area—occupied by men only.
My mother could not accompany us.
Smoke filled the air and men of all different types stared at Thomas and me as we huddled together passing through their compartment.
Our mother told us not to speak or look at them and we obeyed as best we could.
The ride was long, and I am certain that we were a handful on a train for days on end.
We moved into a three-bedroom home with my grandparents in Los Angeles, California.
My Uncle Dan lived there also.
My grandfather was a very volatile person, a hateful man, and he clashed with his son—my Uncle Dan—often.
They physically fought, and my uncle was no match for his father.
My grandfather, a retired oil driller from Oklahoma and Kansas, drank a lot.
His skin was Indian-dark, and the wrinkles on his face were deep.
My brother and I would hide when they fought, and my mother would hold us if she was there, placing her hands over our ears and cradling us close to her.
Her body muffled the sounds.
She would rock slightly while humming or singing quietly so we would drift off to anyplace but there.
We stayed because we had no place else to go, just as my uncle and my grandmother did.
My grandmother was a stark contrast to my grandfather.
She always had a bright smile and she treated us with an abundance of love.
She was a heavy woman and her girth made her seem even shorter than she was.
She had an infectious laugh.
Grandma worked at a department store named Zodies.
On occasion, my mother would take us to the store to visit her on her break.
We would run from aisle to aisle searching for her brightly colored smock.
One of the few times I ever remember eating out was when we shared her lunch break and ate hot dogs and popcorn at the department store cafeteria.
I still think of Grandma whenever I walk into a discount store and smell the snack bar.
We lived with our grandparents longer than we should have, but my mother had little choice.
My mother, still young and very attractive, was saddled with the responsibility of two young boys who knew nothing about her predicament.
She made sure we never felt like we were a burden, but as I look back I know it must have been so difficult for her.
She never complained and we always felt her love.
She worked as a carhop at a Bob’s Big Boy hamburger joint and she wore roller skates to serve the drive up customers in their cars.
My Uncle Dan would take us there at night to visit her and she could sometimes sneak us some food.
We would watch her roller-skating from car to car and back inside to retrieve her food orders.
Uncle Dan was a hero to us as he was the only consistent male figure in our life.
The drive up stations at Bob’s Big Boy were filled with a variety of Hot Rods and they were in all shapes, colors and sizes.
The engines revved and the tires squealed consistently as the parade of cars cruised through.
It was an exciting place and a formative moment for both Thomas and me, and helped to cement our lifelong love of muscle cars.
We were so proud of our mother and we loved to tell our friends where she worked.
Our friends would openly wonder why a mother would be working at all.
It was very unusual in that time period not to have a father.
Our friends were puzzled by our missing parent, our working mother, and our home with our grandparents.
We were an oddity in the sixties to almost everyone we met.
Other parents would question us when we visited our friend’s homes, extracting information that we were ignorant enough to share and which likely hit the gossip circuit immediately.
The other mothers were threatened by our mother, as she was beautiful and divorced!
I would later realize how poorly my mother was treated by other mothers, and how she endured many unwanted sexual advances and groping by their spouses and her employers.
It was the sixties, and my mother was damaged goods in their eyes; she was vulnerable.
We eventually moved out of my grandparents’ home to an apartment in Los Angeles and then to a small rental house in Burbank that backed up to a military plant.
Barrels of who-knows-what lined the side of our back fence.
I guess the rent is cheaper when you live next to a toxic dump!
We had a yard for our dogs and new friends to meet and we settled into this little house.
My brother and I still shared a room, as we always had, and we still had each other despite another change in schools and friends.
At dinner sometimes, Mom wouldn’t eat.
She would say she wasn’t hungry or offer some excuse.
I would later realize that she fed us first because she was so broke she couldn’t afford to feed herself.
In all the years after the divorce, she had never received a dime in child support from my biological father, Richard.
There were times at this house when my mother would have us hide in the closet with her.
This would happen when the rent was past due.
She would make a game out of it but you could see the fear in her eyes, as this was no game.
The landlord would come to our house to collect the rent personally.
He would first knock on the door and then let himself in the house.
We were quiet in the closet in my mother’s room.
The landlord would walk through the house yelling my mother’s first name, Karla .
.
.
Karla .
.
.
Karla!
We could hear him approaching the bedroom as the volume of his voice increased.
We watched through the slats in the closet door as he would open her dresser drawers and rummage through her belongings, including her undergarments, while looking around over his shoulder, still yelling her name.
Eventually, he would leave and somehow mom would come up with the rent to keep a roof over our heads for another month.
We were getting old enough to know that we were different than most families in many ways, but we always knew we had a loving mother.
Thomas and I also knew that the only other consistent thing in our life was each other.
We were very close in size and we were often mistaken as twins although I had blond hair and he had brown.
We fought like all brothers did, but we had always shared a bedroom and we talked each other to sleep every night.
I never remember my mother dating much, so I think she was careful not to introduce us to any suitor until it was more serious.
She eventually met a man who she was serious about, Dino.
He would sometimes bring food we were not accustomed to eating, like steak.
I had no memory of any man ever giving us a gift or anything of the sort before, but occasionally he would bring us a trinket to our mother’s delight.
He was a big man with a dark complexion and jet-black hair and he would often talk on the phone in his native Greek.
Thomas and I had never heard someone speak in a foreign language so it was intriguing.
My mom soon married Dino and we officially had a stepfather.
Shortly after they were married we moved north to Sacramento.
It was a six-hour drive from where my grandparents and uncle lived.
We said our goodbyes to our sobbing grandmother and to all our friends and entered a new chapter in our lives.
I was in the fifth grade; Thomas was in sixth.
Chapter 5: Connections My disposable cell phone rings and it is Ashley.
She tries to get me to change my location and meet her at her apartment across town.
“I am waiting where I fucking told you I would wait.
I am not moving anywhere,” I hissed into the crack-berry—my nickname for the phone.
The thought of walking into some apartment and getting clunked over the head for drugs is not an option.
This is the second time Steve and Ashley are supposed to meet me for this buy, and the last time they decided not to show after I wasted hours listening to their phone calls buying more time or trying to get me to drive somewhere else.
“I have no intention of moving anywhere, so get your shit together or this deal is off.” I tell her this is her last chance to get the Oxy and I will be waiting in the spot I told her.
“Hurry up, or I will sell the drugs to someone else, just like I did the last time you flaked!” I push the end call button on this cheap pre-paid cell phone that I purchased just to do this deal and I toss it onto the console of the truck.
I didn’t want these drug dealers to know my real name or have my actual cell phone number.
Steve and Ashley know my elder son, Brandon, and my second son, Bryce, but they do not know I am their father or that there is any connection between us.
They know me under my chosen alias, “Bill” and when I am done with this deal I will toss this pre-paid phone which I have nicknamed the crack-berry in the nearest dumpster and never be in this situation again.
I am tired of sitting in this parking lot staring out over the tall weeds and watching every car and truck that drives in.
The lot becomes more deserted as the night slowly drags on and the skies darken.
Chapter 6: Change Doesn’t Ask Permission When my brother, mom and I moved from Kansas to Los Angeles, we lost touch with our grandparents and uncles on my father’s side.
When we moved to Sacramento we lost touch with our grandparents and uncle who we had come to know as our family from my mom’s side.
Now that we were in Sacramento, we quickly discovered that we had new grandparents, aunts, uncles and many cousins in this large Greek family.
New traditions, strange food, and apparently we were now a new religion—it was Greek to me.
It is odd as a ten year old to have someone introduced to you as your new family.
“This is your Aunt, this is your Uncle, and this is your cousin”… They didn’t look like us and they didn’t act like us.
They spoke Greek amongst themselves making Thomas and me feel like outsiders imagining that they were judging us, something we had become accustomed to.
Large get-togethers were common and we were often at some family event.
The Greeks do love to host ambitious parties.
Every birthday and holiday was a huge gathering with all sorts of foods we had never seen and as much as we tried, we couldn’t pronounce.
Entire lambs roasted slowly over open pit fires.
Hamburger rolled inside grape leaves.
Lasagna in white sauce instead of red.
We were not just in a new town, but in a whole new world.
Thomas and I stuck together, were confidants and support for one another.
We were getting older and wiser so we were more aware of what was going on around us.
Our stepfather Dino turned out to be a mystery man with a past that didn’t add up and a temper that escalated with every drink he poured down his throat.
He had a painted on smile that couldn’t be trusted.
It was the same smile every time and it was anything but genuine and it could turn to angry gritted teeth in a moment.
He was terrifyingly loud and strong, and we were not accustomed to being told what to do by a man.
We did our best to stay out of his way, particularly when he was drinking, but he would always find us.
My brother Thomas and I had become very good at yard work and chores as we learned to perform them with perfection or pay the price of Dino’s disappointment.
Every weekend was filled with hours upon hours of yard work at Dino’s command.
If we ran out of work to do, Dino would have us move a scrap woodpile from one end of the backyard to another, then back again if he wasn’t done with us.
Sometimes Dino would stand in the backyard and direct us with a garden hose nozzle, spraying us from one chore to the next.
Dino was sick.
We never knew when we were going to get knocked across the room.
We were often treated like unwanted animals.
We wondered why this was happening to us but at the same time we wondered if the same thing was happening in the families across the street.
Our half-brother, Harry (named after Dino’s father) was soon born.
Then, my stepfather had even less regard for us as we were now second-class citizens to his “real” son.
My mother was also abused.
She stayed, as so many abused women do, because her only options would only lead us back to poverty and uncertainty, and also because Dino threatened to take my little brother to Greece where she would never see him again.
She protected us and herself as best as she could and she likely hoped for better days.
Back then we didn’t have options as kids either.
There were no toll free hotline numbers to call to safely report abuse and we knew better than to tell anyone what was happening behind closed doors.
If we kept our mouths shut we would hopefully avoid making him even angrier.
He weighed over 200 pounds and he could do some damage any way he beat us.
The primary goal when getting beaten by a person nearly twice one’s size is to limit injuries and not escalate the violence because there is no winning.
I had seen this tactic with my grandfather and my uncle, and my brother and I were now in a similar situation.
When someone saw the marks or bruises on our bodies we lied so we didn’t get a repeat performance.
Gym teachers or other kids during showers after PE class asked the most questions.
We just blamed it on each other as a fight between brothers.
We just learned to live with it and survive.
We became quite the fighters at school and other kids learned not to screw with us or we would beat them down.
It was just something one gets good at when one is in constant training.
My parents—I had been instructed to refer to Dino as my father—entertained a lot.
The rooms would fill with drinkers and drunks, for it was the seventies and the cocktails were flowing freely.
The money was coming in heavy and Mom and Dino lived a lavish lifestyle.
They went out to dinner at fancy restaurants often, and everyone knew their names as they entered.
He had his own table at several places and the same personal waiter.
He was treated like royalty.
I remember he would carry a rare $1000 bill and attempt to pay his bill with it to shock the waiters, who would say, “We can’t change that!” My mom was wearing fur coats and new jewelry all the time.
Dino was “in the import-export” business; we would later find out that he was involved in a criminal enterprise and during this time was smuggling diamonds.
It was not unusual for Dino’s associates to come to the house with weapons inside their jackets.
When they played poker, stacks of hundred dollar bills spilled across the table, and one of the requirements to sit at the table was to put your gun in a pile of weapons across the room.
I guess they didn’t want the loser to play his trump card with a pistol!
My brother and I hustled drinks for them for small tips.
After we were told to go to bed, we would hide behind the counter that blocked the table where they played cards.
We could stay there late into the night and hear details of these shady lives.
They all had odd nicknames.
One man was called “The Painter” and I have no idea where the name came from but I did know that if they needed someone’s house “painted” that this man was going there to kill them.
He was a hit man, plain and simple!
Their conversations were graphic.
One night my stepfather won a big poker hand that included a man’s car, a classic Bentley!
This man was called the “Undertaker,” but I am not sure what he did.
Maybe he really was an undertaker but I doubt it.
Another man they called “The Banker,” and he really was a banker but he was crooked as a stick.
They had something on him because he would do whatever my stepfather told him to do.
I remember going to the bank and walking in or out with bags of cash.
The “Judge” was actually a Judge and he lived next door.
He was a nice man.
I babysat his kids and watched his house while he vacationed, and did some odd jobs for him.
My stepfather and his associates spoke openly about their various girlfriends and the dual lives they led.
Dino also had a girlfriend and a separate apartment in which he put her up.
My brother and I were young and we were afraid of this man so we didn’t disclose what we knew to anyone.
When I was about fourteen years old, I missed curfew, which I knew was a big mistake.
I tried to open the door with no sound.
As I turned in the entryway to close the door as quietly as I had opened it, I felt a presence.
I turned around and two hands were on my neck choking me and shoving me against the door.
Dino, in the darkness, had a grip on my neck that he would not release.
I grabbed his wrist and tried to push his hands off to no avail.
I couldn’t breathe, so I couldn’t talk.
It was oddly silent except for a pinging sound, as if someone was dropping pennies in a pan.
It was the sound of the puka shells from the necklace I was wearing landing on the tile floor beneath me.
Ping, ping, puh dit dit, ping.
More of the shells fell and bounced along the tile.
I could not get a next breath.
I tried to pry his fingers from my neck but I couldn’t get my fingers between his to loosen his grip.
I finally got one of my hands wrapped around one of his fingers, but it wasn’t enough to free myself.
I believed it was going to be over soon and I was going to die.
I could see him clearly now that my eyes had adjusted to the darkness, and he looked like a madman just inches from my face as he continued to push me up against the door.
He didn’t mutter a word from his gritted teeth.
I don’t even know if my feet were on the ground.
I must have passed out because I don’t remember what happened next.
I awoke in the entryway and he was gone.
I rolled to my knees and I could hear the crackle of the puka shells beneath the weight of my body.
I felt the shells of my coveted necklace sticking to my palms as I tried to steady myself on all fours.
With my focus and clarity returning, I quietly gathered up all the shells I could, put them in my pockets and went to my room.
I was alive, but the puka shell necklace was a goner.
On one final occasion, my parents were having a large party at the house.
I was sitting at a desk in my room doing some schoolwork and I could hear the guests’ loud voices in the hallway beyond my door.
Suddenly my door burst open and slammed against the wall.
It was Dino, and he commanded me to stand up.
I could see some party guests in the hallway behind him.
The sound of the door and his voice had them looking at me from around his large frame.
Their conversations stopped as their attention was drawn to the commotion.
I stood and Dino directed me to approach him.
He was obviously drunk and I could see the usual crazed look in his eyes.
He started rambling something about how I didn’t like him or respect him and I quickly claimed I did.
I was a lanky fifteen year old, probably about 5’8’, 140 pounds.
He stepped towards me as I obeyed his wish for me to come to him.
He hit me so fast I didn’t see it coming, and I flew backwards onto the desktop.
All four legs of the desk broke beneath the impact of my body.
I lay there stunned on my back.
As Dino walked towards me I could see the crowd of guests rushing in behind him.
He straddled me and I gathered my legs towards my chest with my arms crossed in front of my face to protect myself.
He looked like a killer standing over me, his eyes big, his teeth gritted and his right fist well above his head poised to pound me again.
I straightened my right leg out as a kick upward directly into his crotch as hard and fast as I could.
His body folded around my foot.
He fell backwards on the ground exposing the crowd of onlookers who stood behind him.
I stood up and walked by him, looking down at him curled and rolling in obvious agony.
I walked through the crowd, which parted as I approached.
Another defining moment.
I went to stay with a friend, and I never went home again as long as Dino was alive.
I promised myself over and over again that if I ever had children, I would never beat them.
Chapter 7: Now the Truth Comes Out My phone is ringing but this time it is the hands free unit in my ear, my real cell phone number, not the crack-berry.
I am not here alone, in fact there are about twenty undercover officers with me, but I’m no cop.
On the phone is lead undercover narcotics officer Denny White.
Officer White wants to do a last minute sound check on the wire that I am wearing taped to my back.
It seems that my lack of noise has caused the undercover officers who surround me in cars, vans and bushes to become concerned that they have lost sound.
They haven’t heard a word from me since my last crack-berry conversation with Ashley, the suspect that I have set up in exchange for dropping pending drug dealing charges.
They are not my charges.
They belong to my son.
He is the real drug dealer.
I’m just trying to be a good dad.
My last conversation with Ashley seemed a little muffled and the cops want to make sure they get a clear recording of the drug deal.
The reason I am here and have insisted that I do this is complicated.
I think I am here to save my family the anguish of watching another family member go to jail, not wanting to relive the time I watched my brother Thomas go to a federal prison for dealing drugs many years before.
Maybe I am here because I just don’t know how to be a father and despite my attempt to be the best father I never had, I have failed miserably!
Officer White coaches me through the sound check.
Apparently the microphone at my jacket collar is slipping down and everything is muffled.
I am told to pull it up, but warned that it might easily disconnect and if it did, the bust would be aborted.
After some light tugging on the mic to get it between my collar and my neck, Officer White says the sound is good.
As we talk on the phone, he assures me that I am doing fine and I should continue to hold my position no matter how hard Ashley and Steve try to get me to go to their location.
The attempt to move me is a tactic the narcotics’ officers know well.
The goal of the drug dealer will be to get me on his ground and on his terms.
With so many officers surrounding me in a variety of cars, trucks, vans and on foot around the parking lot acting like patrons of the nearby stores, there is no way they could all uproot and follow me to some new location.
Not to mention that marked police cars are waiting within striking distance of the retail center.
I know the cops can hear everything I say so I spare them my nervous singing and limit my comments, fighting my compulsion to curse wickedly at them.
I’m staring off across the wetlands, connecting with known drug dealers, talking to undercover narcotics officers on my personal cell phone, feeling a wire taped to my body and extending up to my neck, holding a bottle filled with one hundred Oxys in my jacket pocket.
What brought me here?
Where did things get so completely fucked up?
Chapter 8: Boy Meets World I officially moved out of my parents’ home when I was 15 years old, 35 years ago.
I didn’t have a driver’s license yet, but I had a learner’s permit.
I had no car and I walked, bummed a ride or hitchhiked if I needed to get someplace like work or high school.
It was not easy living on my own and finding roommates at such a young age, but I managed.
After a short stint of crashing on couches or extra bedrooms of several friends, I rented a room at a house with some other kids near my age.
I was still in high school and I wanted to graduate, but I also needed money to live on.
Rent, food, utilities and various expenses were all new to me.
The father of my girlfriend Lori was an executive of a supermarket chain, and he made some calls and got me an interview.
The manager explained to me that he would love to hire me but he had a hiring freeze on everyone but minorities.
I had no idea what this meant so I asked, and he explained to me all the types of minorities that he could hire, including, American Indian.
I said, “Hey, my grandfather was half American Indian,” and he hired me on the spot.
I have never used my heritage in any way since that day.
It felt wrong to me that because of my ancestry I could be hired, but I needed a job and this one paid well.
I worked the 3:00 pm to midnight shift bagging groceries and stocking shelves.
The money was good and it helped me provide for myself.
I purchased a 1967 Chevelle SS for $1,000 and I spent a lot of time and money trying to make it faster than the next.
Hot Rods were as popular in the 70’s as I remembered them in the days of Bob’s Big Boy Drive Ins.
I adored working on this Chevelle and meeting others who enjoyed the same passion.
Even though I lived on my own, I was still a kid and I knew no better than to live like one.
I found myself associated with a group at school referred to by some as “hot-rodders” and by others as “burnouts.” The hot-rodders loved and raced every kind of American muscle car you could imagine, and this was what drew me to them.
As every school has its “jocks,” “nerds,” “burnouts,” and other cliques and the reps that go along with them, it is difficult for an impressionable adolescent to avoid.
The hot-rodders had a “bad boy” reputation affiliated with drug use.
Many hot-rodders did drugs and many of us sold drugs (usually to the jocks).
It was the days of cocaine and pot, and I saw and consumed my share of it.
Thomas became one of the bigger drug dealers in town.
His house was filled with booze and drugs of all types.
Cocaine was the most popular, that, and pot; but magic mushrooms and acid were also available.
It was the late seventies, after all.
We were also surrounded by some pretty tough guys and nobody really messed with us.
After years of sparring with a two hundred pound Greek, I was pretty tough myself.
We would host evening boxing matches in the living room of the house I rented with my friends.
We had no furniture in that room.
A boxing match would start with one person calling out another person to fight.
You could decline but you would endure the collective shaming of the crowd.
Several sets of boxing gloves were available and once both fighters had their gloves on, the games would begin.
Cowering in a corner was never a good strategy as the crowd only pushed you back to the center.
The room erupted when the action was good and the fights were a scrappy version of actual boxing.
The fight was over when you surrendered or you were knocked out.
I fought many times and I do not remember ever losing.
As I said, I had grown up facing a much tougher opponent than anyone in the room.
I was rarely injured because I had learned to protect myself from the powerful blows of my stepfather and I knew how to look for an opening and drop my opponent.
By this time I was close to six feet tall and about 175 pounds.
I was in great shape and I had endured physical punishment as training.
Drag racing wasn’t easy on a car, and since we were constantly racing, constantly striving to make the Chevelle faster, inevitably something was always broken.
Hitchhiking to and from work became a regular event, and I often got rides from the same people every afternoon.
Frequently I ended up walking home at midnight.
When I did get home there was usually a gathering of my roommates and their friends.
Pot smoke always filled the air.
The family room had an array of donated couches and chairs and beanbags gathered by the roommates and friends.
A long curled phone cord hung from the center of the ceiling with a roach clip taped to it.
This was a convenient way to pass a joint around the room without ever leaving your chair.
The clip swung from smoker to smoker.
I got up and went to school early the next day, and then my daily routine would repeat itself.
Somehow I willed myself to stick it out at school despite my surroundings and the influences of my peers.
I don’t know what it was that enabled me to do this, to not fall entirely into the wasteland of addiction and entitlement.
Biology?
Character?
It’s inexplicable, really.
All of my roommates had dropped out of high school but somehow I continued; although my grades sucked, they were passing grades.
In my senior year I only took classes until noon because that is all I needed to graduate.
I got another job at a local restaurant for the lunch shift as well as any days I was off from the grocery store.
I realized at an early age that nobody was going to give me anything and if I wanted something I would need to earn it.
If I didn’t succeed, I wouldn’t survive!
Somewhere around this time, I decided to try and find my biological father, Richard, a natural thing for a young man my age to want to do, right?
So I tracked him down and called him.
Richard was living in Arkansas and had been for many years.
We talked on the phone and upon discovering he would be near our homes on a business trip, arranged a meeting at a hotel—with Thomas too.
Thomas begged out at the last minute, and without contacting Richard I brought my friend Bill with me for the drive into the bay area.
When I knocked on the door of the hotel room, my father opened the door looked at me, called me Thomas, and then he looked at Bill and called him by my name.
He didn’t even know what his own kids looked like.
We spent a brief time in the hotel room getting our names and heritage correct then we were off to dinner.
During the dinner, Richard asked if I could “score some toot” which I discovered meant find cocaine.
Well, I didn’t need to look much past my pocket to score, so we ended up getting drunk and snorting toot to commemorate our father and son reunion.
At the time, it seemed like, “Wow, my dad is cool,” but I later realized how sick it all truly was.
The fact is, this man was never a father or a dad or anything to me.
Richard basically knocked my mother up in high school, married her, had another son and abandoned her and his sons while they were still babies.
He never paid my mother a dime in child support.
My mother tried to warn me when I decided I wanted to meet him, but as only time would tell, trying to tell your teenage son anything is a virtual impossibility.
After I graduated high school, I went to Hawaii with a friend to live.
The simple reason?
I was eighteen and that was drinking age in Hawaii.
I quit my grocery job and took the money I had saved and headed off to the islands.
Once there, we pretty much surfed, drank and looked for pot.
We were on an extended vacation and my best friend Pete, who went with me, was a spoiled brat with an endless supply of money from his father who was one of the Greek associates of my stepfather, Dino.
We were bound to get in trouble or find ourselves in danger and that is exactly what happened.
One day a very tall guy walking the streets just outside our apartment in Waikiki approached us.
He told us he had the best quality pot at his apartment.
Once inside his apartment, he went into a back room to get the pot.
As we waited in the kitchen, a group of large men walked in with knives, mugged us then threw us out.
The oldest trick in the effing book.
It was quick and easy for them and we got to leave without a knife in our gut.
Who were we going to tell?
About a month after this robbery, I looked out the window of our apartment and to my surprise saw the guy who had set us up for the robbery!
He was a tall lanky guy with a bushel of hair so he was easy to spot.
I dragged Pete to the window to show him the guy.
We hustled down the stairs and I walked straight towards this guy and he didn’t recognize me at all.
He asked me if I wanted to buy some pot in exactly the same way he did before.
I said, “Sure, should we follow you to the same apartment so your friends can rob us again?” He looked shocked and before he could say a word, I dropped him with one punch where he stood and it didn’t stop there.
This guy was begging for his life as I pummeled him and Pete just watched in shock.
I made this scumbag give me every penny he had on him and we never saw him again.
One day as we walked away from a beach after swimming, a police car pulled over and started to question us.
They were big Hawaiian guys with badges and they did not like howlies.
They grabbed us roughed us up and handcuffed us because we were two high white guys.
They drove us deep into a sugar cane plantation.
We were not going to the police station.
Pete and I sat in the back of this police car on our bound hands in silence.
They eventually pulled us out of the car and beat the shit out of us.
They undid our handcuffs when they were done, emptied our pockets of every dollar, and even took the pot we had.
They left us in the field and all we knew to do was to walk back the way we came.
We hitchhiked to the airport and stood outside where the planes were de-boarding.
We hustled an unsuspecting tourist into buying our surfboards so we could return to California.
I collect-called my mother from Waikiki once we knew what flight we would be on and she was surprised to hear my voice since we hadn’t talked in months.
She picked us up at the airport and I think her head almost turned in a circle when she saw us.
Our hair was down to the middle of our backs and we were as dark as natives.
It was crazy times then.
Chapter 9: Times They Are a Changing Back in Sacramento, freebasing and disco were big.
Before long, one of my roommates was busted with an abundance of cocaine and I narrowly missed the arrest.
I was literally driving away from the house and saw cop cars coming down the street toward it.
I watched in the rearview mirror as they surrounded the house and I knew he was inside high on free-base and well supplied with cocaine.
Shortly thereafter I decided to move away and find a new environment.
Sacramento seemed like it was now completely out of control!
People were staying up for days on end freebasing, and it was not fun being around someone who is focused on his next fix or dolling out drugs to fellow addicts.
I moved to Lake Tahoe because they still didn’t give a shit how anyone dressed and that was fine with me.
No white polyester pants here!
My best friend Pete and I opened a waterbed and hot tub store in North Lake Tahoe called Sierra Waterbeds and Hot Tubs— a venture his father funded.
I was selling waterbeds and this new invention called a portable hot tub.
Pete and I still drank and partied and the drugs were still around.
Unlike most of the people I knew, I managed to be truly a recreational user with no tendencies towards addiction.
But I am no prude, and we had our share of parties and events in Tahoe and at the waterbed store.
When you put a bunch of twenty year olds and their friends in a retail store that has working hot tubs and waterbeds, things can quickly spiral out of control.
We had no window coverings and our parties were in plain view of anyone who put their nose against the windows.
It was a voyeurs’ paradise and I am sure we entertained a lot of shocked window shoppers late into the night!
Pete proved to be a bad choice of a business partner, as his use of cocaine escalated to the point of total addiction.
In less than a year he would snort everything he could get his hands on.
He was stealing money from the checking account and drop-shipping inventory from our business directly to drug dealers to feed his habit.
My own brother Thomas was one of the many drug dealers receiving this merchandise for pennies on the dollar in exchange for cocaine and marijuana.
This would be one of the many actions that would drive a wedge between Thomas and me as drugs and money started to always come before family.
It hurt me deeply to contemplate Thomas’s complete disregard for our relationship as brothers and his choice to take this merchandise from my addicted partner while knowing full well that it would financially destroy my business and thus me.
Pete had already disappeared for several weeks when I discovered what he was doing, but it was too late and the business closed within a month after the invoices for all of these portable spas and waterbeds started arriving.
The checking account had been completely drained of any operating capital.
Bad business partner, and bad best friend: My girlfriend at the time, Karen, had hidden her drug habit from me, and by the time I discovered it she had emptied our joint savings account and was screwing my ex-partner/best friend, Pete.
They were both very addicted to cocaine and I guess they belonged together because neither one of them belonged with me.
I went to her apartment where I caught them together.
I beat him within an inch of his life in front of her.
Karen and her roommate did everything they could to pull me off of him but my rage for his complete abandonment of our friendship in so many ways had escalated to the perfect storm.
It seemed he had taken everything from me and he had been my closest friend for the last six years and I snapped.
This was a defining moment in my life, where I began to truly understand what drugs could make you do.
Pete and Karen later married, had a couple of kids and, in his late twenties, Pete died of a heroin overdose.
I moved to the south side of the lake and began selling radio advertising.
I still called Thomas in Sacramento often, as family is family, and he was about all I had left in that category and he was all I had growing up.
He was my big brother and there was no changing that.
I tried to forgive him for the part he played in my business failure, but I never confronted him; I just buried my resentment.
When I did visit his home it was hard for him to hide the bounty of furnishings that adorned his drug kingpin house.
Many of his belongings had obviously come from my defunct store.
Thomas was dealing drugs on a very large scale and was about to be busted.
There were a couple of occasions when I was at his home in Sacramento when the cocaine was piled so high on his glass top dining table that you needed to be careful that it did not slide off on the floor.
Scales were pushed tightly up to the edge of the mound of white rocky powder as if to build a barrier around it.
Sometimes several people would be working in sync doing everything from cutting the cocaine to increase profits to weighing it and bagging it for sale.
The cocaine was put in small baggies or tiny glass vials in as little as one gram or scooped into zip lock bags weighing up to one pound.
The constant consumption of the cocaine by the helpers appeared to be the payment for the effort of assisting in the process.
People would come and go as they purchased their cocaine all day and all night.
The big buyers would be treated to a sampling right out of the giant pile.
Thomas would drag out a “rock” of cocaine from the massive pile and crack it open as if he was cutting a diamond.
The story of its origin and quality were described as if you were listening to a reading from a science fiction novelist.
To watch these people hang on every word of his bullshit was sickening to me.
Their wild eyes and grinding jaws were just the physical part of their bizarre behavior.
People would hover next to windows, peeking out every few seconds, check the locks on the same doors over and over again as their paranoia increased with every line they snorted.
There was no deterring Thomas from his occupation, as he believed himself invincible—as all drug dealers do.
I had watched other old friends get hauled off to jail and I didn’t want the same for my brother.
One afternoon, I called Thomas and a strange voice picked up the phone.
I asked for Thomas and the person on the phone said, “He is unavailable right now, but tell me what you want and I will get it ready for you to pick up.” It was obviously a cop, and I knew my brother was probably sitting there in handcuffs while they set up every idiot who called for drugs, then collected them like goldfish as they swam into the net.
I called my mother and told her I thought Thomas had been busted; time would confirm he had.
Everyone knew what he was doing, including my mother, but she just didn’t want to admit it to herself, and there was nothing she could do to stop it anyway.
Later, I watched the evening news and saw reporters standing outside Thomas’s house announcing a record cocaine bust.
Thomas was sentenced to several years in a federal penitentiary in Texas.
He would have spent far more time if he hadn’t set up his dealer, who was an even bigger fish in the drug world.
One of the hardest things I have ever done is accompany my mother to Texas to visit her son, my brother Thomas, in prison.
Over the years I have seen her strive to survive situations no person should ever be subjected to, but this visit crushed her.
The plane ride there was difficult and we spoke very little.
The town was a dump of cheap motels and crappy food joints tailored towards the needs of those who visited convicted criminals in this maximum-security prison.
Walking her through the doors as they searched us both was humiliating.
I couldn’t take my eyes off of my mother as the event itself seemed to drain the life out of her.
We visited Thomas just the one day and although he physically looked fine, he was an inmate in a sea of prison issue clothing surrounded by armed guards behind tall razor wire fences.
I will never forget that moment in my life.
At barely twenty-two years old I was convinced that my life was ruined.
I was moving back to Sacramento from Lake Tahoe after losing my business and my fiancée Karen to my cocaine-snorting partner and former best friend, Pete.
It was 1981 and by that time in my short life I had experienced more than most fifty year olds.
For one, I had lived on my own since I was fifteen.
I didn’t have any choice after the abuse I had endured.
As far back as I could remember everything seemed to go wrong for me and I was fighting an uphill battle.
I put myself through my last years of high school, had no college education, almost everyone I knew abused drugs; I had essentially raised myself from puberty and I obviously didn’t know what I was doing.
I had made far more mistakes than my ego would allow me to acknowledge.
I guess this was my bottom.
Moving back to Sacramento would be the first time in many years I would live with my mom, who had recently become a widow.
She needed my help sorting things out, because she was left with a lot of complex issues after Dino’s suspicious death.
The story goes that Dino was at an associate’s home helping him cut some hedges.
He cut into a bush that apparently had a yellow jacket nest in it and they swarmed him and stung him to death.
Nobody else at the event was stung, but he was stung several hundred times.
The venom in such a massive dose poisoned him, so the story goes.
I do believe in Karma (well, I do now!)
and the world is a better place without this man, but I don’t know if I believe that story.
However he died though, this man was in pain, and somehow that feels like vindication for my years of suffering at his hands.
I felt horrible for my little brother Harry who was ten years old at the time, because they were so close.
I also felt bad for his aging Father (my Greek grandpa) who was very ill, as this was his only son and his namesake.
Dino’s funeral could be a book in itself.
On the day of the funeral, we went from church to viewing to church to graveyard, always with another sermon or eulogy, with unbelievable crying and hysterics.
I was in the family limo with my mother, my brothers and poor old Grandpa (Dino’s father).
Before I got in the limousine a man walked up to me and introduced himself as Grandpa’s doctor.
He handed me a bottle of small white pills and told me they were nitroglycerine tablets and to get one under the old man’s tongue if he seemed to be having a heart attack.
Great, Grandpa is rambling in Greek and may die on my watch!
At least Dino is not here to beat me if I fuck this up.
So in the limo I’m tossing these little white pills in Grandpa’s mouth like candy.
I have no idea what I am doing, but he is still alive and rambling away in Greek.
As the limo drives from location to location for this funeral-a-thon, my little brother Harry is watching a helicopter above us.
At first, it is a welcome distraction, but the chopper keeps showing up.
We see it through the limo’s glass sunroof, then notice it when we are getting in and out of limo.
The longer this goes on it becomes an obsession for all of us (except Grandpa who is likely about to overdose on little white pills which have the name of an explosive!)
At the gravesite ceremony, thank goodness, that frickin’ helicopter we have all been obsessing about is not anywhere to be seen.
Our limo pulls up followed by a stream of limos and cars.
A large tent is up over the gravesite and rows of chairs for the service.
The massive flower arrangements, which have somehow followed us from every location, are front and center next to a podium where people will once again speak to what a wonderful father, son, brother, (criminal), blah blah blah Dino was.
Everyone is seated and the service is ready to begin.
Once the sermon begins, though, guess what is back?
Yep, we can hear the helicopter, but we can’t see it through trees and tent.
The noise gets louder and louder and it suddenly drops down behind the podium.
The wind from the swirling blades intensifies and the flower displays that sit on tripods start to fall forward and the tent begins to rattle and shake, the wind starts to uproot the tent from the stakes which anchor it.
The helicopter is facing us and begins to slowly maneuver to expose its side.
The tent is ripped from the ground and tumbles away leaving a clear view of the black helicopter that is lowering itself closer to the ground.
The helicopter is about thirty feet above the ground, and now just behind the podium, over the limos.
The side door slides open revealing two men in black suits.
Everyone starts to dive for cover.
I am seated next to Grandpa but I am now flat on the ground with the rest of the crowd attempting to duck the flying flowers, tripods, and debris, expecting a shower of bullets.
Chairs are scattering as they tip over and who knows what those two men in the helicopter are going to do?
I look up and the only man standing is Grandpa who has his arms in the air as the wind from the copter pounds him and ripples his suit like a flag in the wind.
This deeply religious (and senile) old man proclaims loudly “the lord has come to take my son!” and he continues to repeat this line as if he is a TV preacher in a revival tent.
I have an eye on the copter and a hand on Grandpa’s leg as I attempt to pull him to the ground with the rest of us.
People are barely audible but they are screaming and crying and in total panic.
The men reach inside the helicopter and they hold what appear to be large boxes.
They turn the boxes over in all this mayhem; something dumps out in large clumps banging down on the top of the cars and limos they hover over.
The loud bangs cause those who aren’t looking to think they are explosions or gunfire.
A closer look at these clumps reveals that they are flowers!
In a misguided effort to sprinkle flowers over the gravesite ceremony, they have terrified everyone (except Grandpa).
Most of the crowd starts to realize what is actually happening.
The door of the helicopter slides shut and it rises into the air above crowds who lie on their bellies or who have taken off running through the cemetery but one old man, who remains standing with his arms still raised.
The crowd begins to rise and a collective chuckle begins to infect the crowd as we all realize what we have just experienced.
I am not making this shit up!
In the aftermath of this circus funeral, my mother discovered that Dino had borrowed (or conned) a great deal of money from his father, and Dino’s siblings were angry and wanted it repaid by my mother.
The Greek family rumor was that my mother was sitting on a stash of smuggled diamonds and should sell them and repay the loan.
There were no such diamonds and there was no money.
Anyone who owed Dino money disappeared into thin air or claimed they had repaid him.
My mother was also left bearing the responsibility of a huge IRS tax lien and a mountain of bills.
Mom and 11-year-old Harry were losing everything to the IRS, and it was just a matter of time before they were broke and homeless.
I went home to help her; after all, I had nowhere else to be.
Chapter 10: A Vision Appears There is such a thing as love at first sight, and I know because it happened to me.
Valentine’s Day, 1981, I decided to go to this local pick-up joint with Bill and hang with the rest of the hounds.
This club, called “The Phone Company,” had phones on every table surrounding a dance floor.
Each table had a number posted on a short pole that protruded above the phone.
Pick up the phone at any table, dial the two digit number of the table you wanted to connect with and there you have it: a coward’s way of asking a lady to dance or talk without getting shot down tableside.
What can I say?
This was the style at the time.
I was sitting at the bar with Bill, just a twenty-two year old kid, when a vision walked in.
She stopped just a few steps inside the door.
She wore purple high waist pants and a cream colored blouse that went all the way to her neckline with ruffled edges framing her stunning face.
Her long blond hair flowed down to her shoulders.
If I could put a caption over her head, it would have read, “If you talk to me, I will kill you.” She looked completely out of place, and her blue eyes lit up the room.
Her silent stare suggested that she was not there to be picked up or even approached.
She was not the typical girl entering an 80’s bar and dance club.
My mouth must have dropped open as I watched her every move; she appeared to be looking for someone in particular.
I looked at my friend Bill and I swear I said to him: “I am going to marry that girl!” We hadn’t been there long, and I wasn’t drunk or impaired in any way, I just remember she seemed to be literally glowing, and I knew.
I had never felt this before and I have never felt it since.
Bill jokingly picked up a coin from the change on the bar and said “I’ll flip you for her” to which I replied, “Flip all you want, that is going to be my wife!” Bill flipped the coin anyway and I called “tails,” and tails it was.
I had no choice but to muster the courage to talk to her.
Her reception was cool.
Her name was Lisa and she was there to meet her friend who happened to be dating the bartender (who I knew well) so that was a good angle for me to work.
I was doing pretty well getting to know her when a couple of girls I knew (and who I had hit on earlier) decided to have a little fun and disrupt my progress with this stunning lady.
The two girls leaned in, their long dark hair flowing down and draping over each of my shoulders.
They began whispering some very descriptive suggestions in my ears as they stroked their fingers through my hair.
I can dual task with the best of them, but the offer I was getting in my ears conflicted with the vision across the table.
I didn’t take my eyes off of Lisa but that wasn’t enough to keep the target of my affections seated while I was being propositioned by two beautiful brunettes.
Lisa stood abruptly, looked rightfully angry and simply said, “It looks like you are busy,” and walked away.
I thought my chances of getting her phone number were gone forever as she gathered up her girlfriend and left.
Well, I did have “two birds in the hand” and it was Valentine’s Day so I managed to do with what I had and I just needed to find a way to track my future wife down .
.
.
later.
I did talk to my mother the next morning and told her that I had met the woman I was going to marry—and it wasn’t either of the two brunettes in my bed.
Gimme a break, it was the eighties!
The bartender made a call for me to his girlfriend in an attempt to get my dream girl’s number.
I knew it wouldn’t be easy because as it turns out she knew of me through high school and my reputation preceded me.
Would this “good girl” give her number to a “bad boy?” The ploy worked and somehow Lisa agreed to let me call her.
Lisa had been dating a guy for years and I knew of him.
He had attended our high school and he was the quarterback of the football team (my polar opposite).
She had only come to the club the night I met her because she was angry with her boyfriend because he choose to spend Valentine’s Day with his brother playing basketball (take notes boys).
She had called a friend who told her she could get her into this bar because she knew the bartender and they were both under legal drinking age.
Lisa was 20.
She was a “good girl” and hadn’t ever done anything like that.
She had no intention of breaking up with her boyfriend.
I looked her square in her beautiful blue eyes and I told her flatly, “You are going to fall so in love with me that you will not even remember this guy’s name!” We were married three years later.
After all the years we have been married, I still think of that moment I saw her walk into that bar whenever we are having a tough time.
It puts all my love right back where it belongs and nothing else matters.
Chapter 11: The Prescription Startled, I scan across the windshield and fumble for the ringing phone.
It is Ashley and Steve, the drug dealers.
Ashley says they are on their way.
She tells me how they are having some difficulty raising the cash and are trying to work it out.
Ashley takes my temperature on fronting her some of the drugs if they can’t get all the cash, and I can hear Steve coaching her in the background.
I tell her this is unacceptable.
She says she’ll get all the money and see me shortly.
What will happen next with these flakes?
Do they intend on solving their cash problem by robbing me?
Will I be pistol whipped, threatened, or shot?
I’m not some stoned teenager in Waikiki.
I’m too old for this shit.
The minutes click.
I just want to live through this and see my wife and children again.
Lisa must be thinking all kinds of things, as, being wired, I cannot call her to give her an update.
I love her so much, and I always return in my mind to the day I met her and then everything is in perspective and nothing else matters but our love.
Chapter 12: Who’s Your Daddy Lisa and I discovered “we” were pregnant about four months into our marriage.
Even though we had not planned to start a family so early, we were thrilled, excited and anxious at the thought of creating a life conceived by the two of us.
After passing out during the movie at the birthing class, (yes, really!)
I was not convinced I was going to be the pillar of strength my wife would need during the birth of our child (and neither was Lisa).
I remember the movie; it was titled “The Brazilian Squatting Method.” Until then, The Exorcist was the scariest movie I had ever seen, and this beat it hands down.
I excused myself from the room—which was filled with couples huddled together on little mats on the ground—as I began to pass out.
I headed down the hall towards the men’s restroom and I felt myself weakening with every step.
I pushed on the door and then the next thing I knew, I was waking up on the floor with the restroom door against my side, propping it open like a bag of sand, half of my body in the restroom and half out in the hall.
After splashing some water in my face I returned as if nothing had happened, but I knew and I suspected that Lisa did too.
Shortly thereafter, we entered the hospital in first time frantic labor.
We were calmly directed to the “birthing room.” There was no turning back.
There is no way to describe this to anyone who has not witnessed a birth.
Those that have, know exactly what I am saying.
When my boy let out his first cry, I was so relieved and amazed.
He was perfect.
A boy.
My boy.
Brandon.
And he had all his fingers and all his toes, and he let out a bellow so excruciating it could curdle milk.
Many changes, challenges and compromises in our marriage would soon follow.
Many difficult times required me to recall the moment I first saw Lisa.
A second son, Bryce, was added to our family two years later.
I have tried to explain to my friends with no children yet that having children changes everything suddenly.
Every day, sometimes every second, delivers a new challenge.
As much as they want me to tell them what to expect, I cannot prepare them, as no one could have ever prepared me.
I have told my friends to imagine driving down a beautiful highway on the way to a vacation spot in the mountains, with all of your plans for the trip clearly in your mind.
Now imagine that your car’s emergency brake is unexpectedly pulled— hard— your calm drive is suddenly spinning out of control.
You don’t know which way to turn the wheel or what pedal to push.
You just act and react and pray for the best all within a moment.
And the car never regains control.
That’s parenting.
Chapter 13: Fatherhood 101 I had always promised myself I would do everything to be the father I never had.
Sometimes you learn what to do from your experiences, and sometimes you learn what not to do.
I had learned a lot of what not to do.
My experience with my stepfather Dino was a nightmare itself, and then Richard wound up being real trouble.
My mother had tried to warn me, but I wanted and needed to know for myself.
My mom’s warnings could not deter me as I was a teenager and we all know teenagers are smarter than everyone else.
I have a theory about teenagers; basically they could be walking off a cliff towards a canyon and you could yell and scream warnings all you want but your time would be better spent packing them a lunch so they could eat it on the way down.
Numerous attempts to let Richard in our lives always ended in disaster.
I know it is natural to want to know who your father is.
Unfortunately sometimes he is a complete jerk.
Richard is just not a good person; actually he is quite the opposite.
It was difficult for me to discover that my father’s lifelong friends didn’t even know he had sons.
Besides being an alcoholic his whole life, I found out he was a first rate con-man.
He was a womanizer, with a taste for young girls, and a big time loser.
When I did try to let him into our lives, he was verbally abusive to me, my wife and even my children.
The final disaster with Richard followed a family vacation.
Richard invited himself to join our annual family beach vacation and I allowed it.
Richard was to watch the kids, including my two boys and his boy and girl from a subsequent marriage, one night.
They were all in about the same nine to twelve age range.
My wife and I wanted to have a dinner alone and Richard didn’t seem to mind.
When we returned from dinner we discovered that he drove all of the children in his car while he drank Vodka straight from a bottle.
Once back at the beach house, he was drunk and he verbally abused my children to the point of terror, I was done.
I will never see him again.
I believe being a “Father” and a “sperm donor” are not at all one in the same.
The years of my early fatherhood brought more lessons and experiences than I can share.
We learned how to raise an eight year old when Brandon turned eight.
We learned again how to raise an eight year old when Bryce turned eight.
You get where I am going with this.
I always found it ignorant when someone would advise me how to raise my child when they had no children at all or they had children younger than mine.
The most absurd statements begin with the words “my children will never."
I never offered advice to any parent, and I never welcomed a statement about raising my children that began with the words “you should.” I have always tried to be the best dad I could be, because it was up to me to make their upbringing different than mine.
I coached their soccer, baseball and football teams for many seasons.
I walked my boys to school, helped with their homework (as much as I could) and I tried to be an important part of their lives as well as a positive influence.
As I continued to succeed in business, our lifestyle improved.
Throughout their childhoods, we’ve had a good life and a beautiful home, nice cars, good communities, and the best of schools.
I encouraged their interests by making sure they had the equipment they needed to pursue them.
For instance, when Brandon showed a real interest in and talent for photography, he received his dream camera for Christmas.
I have loved my wife and I have shown my children that I love them.
The boys have witnessed firsthand what a healthy spousal relationship is and that was something I never saw in my childhood home.
I always believed in teaching my children to respect all people in all walks of life.
On the holidays I sent my boys out to give freshly baked cookies to the people who collected our garbage.
I taught the boys how to care for our yard, mowing and edging, and they had household responsibilities and chores (and I never sprayed them with a hose nozzle, at least not to compel yard work).
I believed they needed to learn good strong work ethics.
But I never once hit them, and I never abused them, as I had learned “what not to do” as a father.
I did everything I could think of to give them the best chance to succeed in life.
I protected them from what I felt were bad influences, including, sadly, my brother, their Uncle Thomas, who had not been reformed in prison.
He was an addict into horse racing.
When my boys were in grammar school, our neighbor asked me who the man was who came to our home during the day while we were at work.
He said that this guy, sometimes with another man, would enter our house through the garage with the keypad code.
We knew nothing of this!
The neighbor described the car, and the description matched Thomas’s car.
I showed him a family photo and he identified Thomas as the guy.
When I searched my house I found liquid Hydrocodone prescribed for horses.
Thomas had been using my house as his daytime drug den.
When I confronted him, he denied it, and even went so far as to blame Brandon and Bryce.
He threw his nephews under the bus to cover his ass.
Another rift between us.
I had to protect my boys.
In their teenage years, Brandon and Bryce were as different as perfect strangers and they were becoming young men.
As they began to become more independent from me and from each other, they became interested in different things.
I tried to accommodate them as individuals and stay close to them.
I tried my damndest to embrace each son and his hobbies and desires equally.
Bryce began to love golf, so we played golf often and eventually joined a country club so he could play as often as he liked.
In the summer, he would spend entire days at the club, soon becoming a great golfer and playing four years on his high school team.
He also learned what I call “accidental etiquette” which was my pet phrase for his learning great manners around adults as he golfed with them.
A kind of “wax-on wax-off” —Karate Kid—subliminal learning, similar to how I learned to fight.
Some of my fondest memories are of the days I got to watch him golf competitively.
Such a fine young man and a great sport; win or lose, he shows class and dignity.
Brandon eventually lost his interest in youth sports and had no interest in golf.
He did, however, love hot rods.
He was intrigued by my high school hot rod so we found the same make, model and year of car in horrible condition.
The only positive comment Lisa could make was, “at least it runs.” I taught both of my boys to drive a stick shift on this beat up Chevelle before my eldest and I began to take it completely apart in an attempt to restore this classic car to its original condition with a hot rod twist.
The deeper we dug into it, the more rust and damage we found.
There were so many holes rusted through the bottom we could see the garage floor through the trunk.
We removed every wire, rubber seal, window felt, and had boxes full of zip-lock baggies that were marked with a Sharpie what the part was and where it had come from.
When Brandon was about fifteen, we went to Hot August Nights in Reno, a huge hot rod auto show.
We wandered through these aisles of incredible cherry vehicles and talked about how someday ours could be alongside these beauties.
This project would prove to be a huge challenge that would last seven-plus years, partly because it coincided with the start of Brandon’s drug use.
What started as a project he was very enthusiastic about became an afterthought to time with friends and partying.
He would show up for certain monumental events like when we put the body back on the frame after it was painted, but I was pretty much on my own with it for a bit.
My wife was a champ as “that thing” (her nick-name for it) sat in a million pieces in the garage for so long.
Seeing Brandon heading down the wrong path, I knew only what not to do.
I had no idea what to do.
I remember a lesson I learned while coaching youth sports.
“The hardest kid to coach is your own.” A true statement.
I found myself unable to dissuade my eldest son from the dangerous road he would travel.
Chapter 14: What Have I Done Wrong?
When Brandon was about eighteen, I busted him for being stoned.
I knew the way pot smelled, so it wasn’t any great detective work that led me to it.
Soon after this, we discovered he had obtained a license to obtain medical marijuana.
I was surprised.
Turns out, it’s legal for my child (and yours) to buy, possess and grow pot and the only requirement is that they want it!
Any little shithead can get a “medical” license to smoke marijuana in California when he turns 18.
In fact, it’s a rite of passage, even more than a drivers’ license nowadays.
The students hand around a list of unscrupulous doctors who are willing to do a consultation for a fee and then write a prescription for a fee so your child can go to some legal dope dispensary and buy all the “sticky-icky green bud” he or she wants.
They don’t need a parent to sign, they just need to recite from a passed-around list of symptoms as to why they need this marijuana when they show up to this farce of a doctor’s appointment.
Apparently half of the high school has obtained this license to smoke pot and can buy the strongest pot available, legally.
I went and got one for myself—as an experiment—and was astonished at how easy it was.
In the waiting room at the doctor’s office I had thirty years on every single person.
I also felt like I must have been the only one gainfully employed, well-groomed, thoughtfully dressed.
It was an insane experience.
This law has been sold to voters by showing cancer patients and other sick people who need this drug to ease symptoms, but the teenagers of the state have exploited this, now that it is law.
When I went from the “doctor” to the dispensary, I didn’t see any of the sad beneficiaries they always show on television; the handicapped and sickly were nowhere to be seen.
It actually resembled a fraternity party except for the glass cases displaying an array of pot labeled with colorful names, potency and detailed descriptions, which read like something on the back of a wine label: The “Orange Crush” had “hints of berry with a smooth finish.” That is about as far as I got into the room before my presence stuck out like a parent at a kegger party.
I was by far the oldest guy in the room.
I was approached and asked for my license, which, of course I showed.
I was given the grand tour and a detailed break down of how each different bud worked better for different symptoms.
This one is for sleeplessness, this one for appetite stimulation, this one for back pain, and this one—believe it or not— is for asthma.
It was absurd.
I know there are people out there who claim they need this drug, but those people were not my son or half of the high school, nor did anyone at this dispensary seem to be suffering from anything but red squinty eyes.
But, we thought, at least our son is only smoking legal pot.
I did it, and I’m okay.
As time went on Brandon was showing signs that he was faltering.
I busted him again.
Then, he began to collect speeding tickets, show up to work on the Chevelle apparently inebriated, fight with his brother, be non-participatory in the family.
As I have freely admitted, I experimented with drugs in the seventies and the eighties and was no stranger to the signs of his drug use or the possibility of drug dealing.
I knew all too well what could be ahead if he didn’t change his lifestyle.
I had lost a couple of close friends to drug overdoses and a couple I knew were in prison.
My own older brother had been sent to prison for drug dealing and although he had long been free from incarceration, he will never be free from his issues surrounding addiction.
My biological father is an alcoholic, refusing to acknowledge his addiction and destroying any chance of being part of my youth or my children’s (his grandchildren’s) lives.
Watching drugs tear apart my family and kill my friends had sent me in the opposite direction as an adult, as a husband and as a father.
Soon Lisa and I couldn’t ignore Brandon’s behavior.
Hoping it would just go away or that he would grow out of it like I did didn’t seem likely.
His grades were terrible, and he kept getting in trouble for being in the wrong place at the wrong time or with the wrong person.
For instance, he was put on probation for being in a car with someone who was in possession of a replica firearm.
He looked like total shit, and when we confronted him about it he was feeling bad enough that he confessed: He was addicted to the pain pill known as Oxy.
He told us that he needed our help to get off of it.
We never thought to find the reasoning behind the drug abuse, we just thought he had tried it and grew to feel dependent on it.
He was always a tough kid to raise and he was often a handful and we felt this problem could be handled like any other.
But we were novices when it came to helping someone kick drug addiction.
We did our best to assist him and we attempted to detox him at home.
We called Brandon’s real doctor (not the ones who prescribe marijuana) and asked for guidance.
We tried to keep him away from everyone we knew until we could get the drugs out of his system.
We told no one.
It needed to be our immediate family’s dirty little secret.
Thomas and I had fallen out because of his continued preference for drugs and that lifestyle and an inclination toward our biological father’s proclivity for untruths and big scams.
The last thing I wanted was for Thomas to be a part of this.
Oh, how he would rub my face in this shit.
You would think with all my experience around drugs that I would have known what to do.
That is exactly what I thought!
Brandon was sickly and skinny.
My wife lay with him for hours rubbing his back and keeping fluids in him.
He went from cold to hot and back again.
In a couple of weeks he was looking much healthier and we sent him out into the world again.
Turns out, just because I did drugs and knew people who were addicted to drugs I was still not qualified to understand how to break someone from craving the drugs that satisfy their addiction.
Brandon seemed better and we thought we had helped him simply because we incarcerated him at home away from his peers until he had the drugs out of his system.
In our mind, he was cured.
Unfortunately, the problem had not been solved so easily.
Like any good movie, this solution came too easily and too early in the drama.
He was such a child then, easily influenced and dealing with challenges in counterproductive ways.
He was caught being truant, being out past curfew, being with a kid who stole a wallet.
He was involved in multiple car accidents.
Brandon struggled and was barely making it through high school, so we changed him to a problem-child school to enable him to graduate.
He and his younger brother Bryce were growing apart just as I had grown apart from my brother Thomas, which was torturous for me and Lisa to watch.
Brandon dressed like some punk and believed he was the smartest person in the room.
He became a very obnoxious person.
At some point, we knew he was back into drugs, we just hoped he wasn’t getting himself addicted.
We were kidding ourselves; we felt so powerless.
He was gaunt, broken out, nervous and angry, telling random stories that always involved the biggest-fastest-shortest-longest-cue-the-orchestra-everybody fucking him over.
He’d always have to go save someone in some dramatic fashion.
The things that would come out of his mouth were completely unbelievable lies and his ignorance was evident to all.
As a parent, I was humiliated when Brandon spoke.
We encouraged him to seek help, but as an adult Brandon had to want help and he had to consent to help.
The thought of Brandon being addicted to drugs, overdosing, getting arrested was all too torturous to contemplate, but we did it anyway.
How could we not?
He was our son.
I was so angry at Brandon at one point that I stood with a hammer over the Chevelle and considered destroying it.
The Chevelle sitting unfinished in the garage had become a grim symbol of the disappointment I felt with my son.
Instead, I arranged to have it towed to a friend’s shop with the agreement that Brandon and I would show up together twice a week and work towards finishing the project with the assistance of a professional (and the expectations of someone other than Dad).
It didn’t work to bring Brandon back.
I warned and warned, but no matter how much I warned him, he continued his journey to the dark side.
He was over six feet tall and weighed less than 140 pounds.
He was sickly, late to every family event and completely high when and if he showed up.
He was a constant embarrassment at large family gatherings as he was the last to show and the first to go.
When our Chevelle was ready for its maiden voyage, he was a no show.
I delayed starting the car for hours, expecting he might be late, but he never showed.
That car started for the first time since I had taught the boys to drive, and Brandon missed this moment because drugs were now more important to him than anything or anybody.
I looked at photos of Brandon growing up and wondered if I would view them in a slideshow at his funeral.
My marriage suffered because Lisa defended Brandon vehemently; I completely understood, because I had grown up with a similar scenario: my mother’s unwillingness to see Thomas’s problem.
My wife and I had many confrontations, and while we both knew he had a problem we disagreed on the severity and the solution.
Soon, Brandon moved in with his girlfriend, Tiffanie, and she was as strung out as he was.
When they were together, they looked like two skeletons embracing.
They had grown fuzzy around their edges; it’s difficult to describe how they clung to each other in a desperate way as if they didn’t know where one ended and the other began.
It was more than teenage passion driving them to that; it was dependence, an unhealthy co-dependence.
They couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes; their pinpoint pupils darted around the room when I spoke to them.
They couldn’t answer simple questions coherently.
They babbled and told those outrageous stories.
They were sick.
When my wife and I heard sirens or the phone rang late at night, we always thought the worst.
Certain police or crime television shows would give us lumps in our throats as we would silently look at each other and know we were thinking the same thing… that might be our son.
One afternoon while I was at work, Lisa was trying to help Brandon out by organizing some of his bills.
Brandon told her that he needed to run a quick errand.
She called me later that day and said she had lost track of him and he wasn’t returning her calls or answering his phone.
All the usual horrible thoughts began to surface in our minds.
The day turned into night and we still hadn’t heard from him.
Close to midnight, as Lisa and I watched a movie together in the dark, there was a loud banging at our back sliding glass door.
Our dogs went crazy—they were as startled as we were.
Who the fuck was at our back door?
It was Brandon’s druggie friend, high as a kite, rambling a mile a minute.
What would possess him to go to the backdoor and not the front but being high and thus, stupid.
Brandon had been arrested, he told us, in a set-up drug sting.
He was in the local jail and had been calling friends to bail him out.
Our son hadn’t called us for bail; I had told him that he shouldn’t bother me when he got busted, one thing I had said that had apparently sunk in to his thick head.
He was alive—a relief—but we had no idea how much trouble he was in.
The thoughts of trial and incarceration were unthinkable, but they were likely.
The memory of accompanying my mother half way across the country to visit my brother in jail came back strong.
I called the jail and received minimal information beyond his bail amount.
We opted to leave Brandon in jail.
He was released 23 hours later on his own recognizance.
Brandon spent the days after his release from jail back at our home as we attempted the daunting task of detoxing him.
Through withdrawals again!
Brandon became sicker every day that his frail body went without the Oxy it craved to survive.
Brandon had lived away from our house for over a year and he looked like a ghost of himself.
His eyes were dark, his enthusiastic personality was gone and his mind seemed permanently altered.
He was 23 years old, 6’ 2” and his weight was hovering at a skeletal 130 pounds.
We had Brandon on complete lockdown at our house with no visitors allowed, searching his room and the entire house daily.
We ordered professional quality drug tests so we could test him every day.
Brandon experienced the worst of the drug withdrawals in the first few days after his arrest.
My wife, Lisa sat on the bathroom floor with him during his lowest moments.
He vomited until he had nothing left.
He curled up in the fetal position, chanting inaudible ramblings and contorting to the point that we had to pad the doorframe and cabinets with towels to keep him from banging his head and limbs.
In the twelfth hour of fetal position rocking, infantile whimpering, sickening dry heaves and panicked breathing, I broke out my video camera, thinking I’d just tape a reminder: He can’t possibly ever want to do this again.
His mother on the bathroom floor alongside him, cushioning his head before it smacks the doorframe, stroking his back and newly shorn hair.
I am defined again by this moment, disgusted by myself, but in a warped way triumphant: You see, you see you little shit— what happens when you don’t listen to me?
He was a walking skeleton and you could see his every rib.
The bones on his spine looked like a row of knots stretched under his skin.
His pelvic bones stuck out reminiscent of a dead animal’s carcass on the roadside.
He looked like one of the horrid pictures you see of a concentration camp victim.
Oxy is considered synthetic heroin, and sometimes referred to as “hillbilly heroin,” as powerful and addictive a drug as you will find anywhere on the street.
Children, however, never learn from their parent’s I-told-you-sos.
He was like a sick animal and we just tried to keep fluids in him and listen to the doctors who guided our effort.
After the initial detox period, we used professional grade drug tests and surprised him with them.
He always had an excuse for why he couldn’t pee.
I would hand him a bottle of water and tell him I would wait.
He was never truly clean.
When he slept, I went into the bedroom to see if his chest was inflating with air to assure me he was still alive.
It reminded me of when our boys were babies and sometimes we would check on them in the night or as they napped and we never left the room until we verified they were breathing just because that is what a parent does.
Chapter 15: Happy Frickin’ Holidays!
As Thanksgiving approached, our traditions looked impossible to pull off.
We were evasive when we called my wife’s parents to tell them not to come to our house as they usually did.
We said we had some personal family issues to deal with.
We could tell their feelings were hurt, but we didn’t feel we had any other choice.
We did allow my younger brother Harry in on the whole awful situation and invited him to come to the house as planned.
I needed my younger brother because he had developed a great relationship with my boys.
He’s 11 years younger than me, and in the music business where he works shooting videos for rap artists my sons listen to.
He has had a solid relationship with both of our boys and that could translate into communication.
This Thanksgiving we had an agenda that didn’t include turkey and all the trimmings.
Agenda Item One: Get our son’s belongings out of his rental house.
The landlord met me, Lisa, Harry, Harry’s wife Anabel, and a shaking miserable Brandon at the house, and I felt sorry for the owner of this home.
He was a deeply religious man accompanied by his mousy wife and perfectly groomed daughter, all dressed in their Sunday best on their way home from church.
He had believed all of Brandon’s lies, trusted my son and his roommates and ended up landlord of a drug den.
He was devastated to see the condition of his property but he was strangely calm and understanding.
He simply wanted our help to get Brandon’s belongings out of his house and fix things as best we could.
He gave us an offer we couldn’t refuse.
If we would get everything out by the evening and pull out all of the carpet, he would not pursue damages.
None of us were prepared for what we saw when we turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
Paper and cardboard blackened the windows.
When we removed these window covers, we found broken panes behind them.
The bedroom doors had been kicked in, and broken bongs and stem pipes, empty cigarette packs, matchbooks, just trash littered every surface.
I don’t know what the hell these people (my son!)
did in here, but the carpet could not have been dirtier if they raised farm animals indoors.
Pictures of Brandon and his friends holding automatic weapons were nearly the only things upright.
Sex toys filled the drawers and around his bed.
Apparently, it had been a real bohemian festival at some point, at least to the people who hung here.
Everything was broken or ajar, apparently ransacked while Brandon was in jail.
Nearly all of his belongings that were worth anything were stolen by the scumbags who had been his peers.
We heard Brandon’s girlfriend, Tiffanie, was afraid to return to the house while our son was in jail and it was probably the smartest thing she had done in years.
Brandon had accumulated flat screen TV’s, computers, stereo equipment, guns, you name it and it was all gone.
Most of it, if not all of it was drug trade merchandise or purchased with drug sale money before his drug habit escalated to the point that his addiction was larger than he could support with his sales.
The area under the rental house had been dug out and reinforced to grow indoor marijuana.
It resembled an escape tunnel from a prison movie.
None of this was intended for the eyes of a parent.
I don’t believe mine or Thomas’s place ever looked half as bad, but if I could see the boxing ring, mismatched couches and the hanging roach clip from where I stand now, who knows what it would look like to me.
We spent the next 12 hours cleaning, hauling and tossing.
We rented a local storage unit and brought the furniture and clothes there but we tossed out more than we took.
We filled nearly fifty large black garbage bags of filth and drug paraphernalia and left them for trash pickup in the alley behind the house.
Most things of value had been stolen or pawned.
One of these things was the expensive camera we had given him for Christmas.
It was at the pawnshop.
Agenda Item Two: Retrieve valuables from the pawnshop.
The camera was sitting at a local pawnshop as collateral on a loan that expired on the very day we got there for it.
It was the first time I had ever stepped foot in a pawnshop; it was a shit hole covered with other people’s Christmas and birthday presents.
It was humiliating for me to be in this place and my son could not look me in the eyes the entire time we were there.
The walls were lined with guitars, the glass counters held cameras, jewelry and trinkets of all types.
The floors and shelves were covered with tools and equipment.
The stuff was busting out of the place.
The people who ran it were the lowest form of life, preying on the weak, broke and addicted.
My son produced a crumpled receipt and for a couple hundred dollars we reclaimed his dream camera.
I thought this camera meant the world to him.
The camera was apparently second and last to his need for drugs—duh— like everything else.
I knew I couldn’t be the first parent who paid off the loan on a child’s prized belongings.
I did know that it would remain my camera until he could pay back everything he owed and prove to me he was sober.
It broke my heart that I was retrieving something from hock that we had given him as the perfect gift to inspire him, and that it had ended up helping fund his drug habit.
It broke my heart that my Brandon was a drug addict.
Agenda Item Three: Confront Brandon directly with an intervention.
The family intervention included me, Bryce, Harry, Anabel, Lisa and even the arresting officer, Denny White, via phone.
The intervention started with the assumption that Brandon was currently detoxing (for the second time) with us at home, and there were expectations everyone had of him.
Brandon was attacked by all sides; the room was heated with Brandon’s denial and lies.
He lied and denied because that is what drug addicts do.
Brandon was mistaken thinking that he was smarter than everyone else because while he was the dealer, other people—addicts—hung on his every word as though he was speaking gospel.
The person dishing out the drugs rambles stupidly and thinks his admirers should be carving his wise words in a stone tablet.
Been there, seen that with Thomas and others!
We had been giving him regular drug tests, which showed levels of positive, and that line had been starting to drop.
It seemed to be leaving his system— it took a while to be completely clean.
But at some point during the intervention, in between the crying and the lying, it occurred to me that this boy didn’t look like he was suffering the effects of withdrawals.
His symptoms seemed to be suddenly better and his detox wasn’t as severe as we thought it would be or as bad as it had been the first time years before.
And I cocked my head and listened more carefully to his lies— the lies which I suddenly realized were consistent with his past behavior when he was high.
Stop the presses!
I sprung up and shook my finger in the air in front of his face.
“Are you high right now, Brandon?” “Nah.” He looked at his Converse.
“When was the last time you took Oxy?” No response.
Brandon shuffled his feet and stretched his spine, scratched the corner of his eye, but as is consistent with his behavior, continued to lie and deny.
I am shaking my arms and getting down in Brandon’s face.
I am shouting at his face.
I am screaming at the shell of my firstborn.
“Are you high?
Are you high right now?” Spittle lands on his face; he blinks but does not flinch.
“Bryce, go search your brother’s room.
Now!” Brandon stood up to leave, but Harry stood up from his dining room chair and went towards him and so did Lisa.
They asked Brandon to sit back down on the overstuffed chair and he did.
“He won’t find anything in there,” Brandon mumbled.
A few minutes later, Bryce rounded the corner into the room with his arms outstretched cupping the Oxy and foil he found inside CD cases.
I had never even thought to check there.
Brandon stood up.
Bryce glared into Brandon’s eyes, and in the room’s dead silence Bryce laid the drugs and the burned black-sketched foil on the counter like it was a dead animal.
I stood in front of Brandon, looking slightly up at him, as he is taller than me.
The room was silent and everyone awestruck.
After what we just went through with him… I looked Brandon in his guilty darkened eyes and I said, “Prepare yourself to find out what will happen to you every time you lie to me… are you ready?” Before he could reply or even contemplate my words, I felt the crack of Brandon’s nose on my knuckles and he flew backwards off his feet.
My family’s loud simultaneous gasps accompanied Harry and Bryce’s rush to restrain me as if I was going to continue the beating.
Maybe kill Brandon.
This is how angry we all were.
How out of our element.
And now I’d done it.
Lisa jumped up screaming and crying and yelled, “Stop!” Brandon lay face down and his blood soaked the carpet beneath his head; his hands clutched his face; he moaned and rolled over.
Blood oozed from between his clenched fingers and ran down his chest when he sat up.
My wife was hysterical and rightfully so.
I stood there numb, wondering what I had done and how did my efforts to be the best father I could be turn into this?
I’d hit him—once.
But I intended to never hit my child.
I had promised myself I would never, ever repeat this offense I had endured as a child.
I just wanted to slap him out of it, to hurt him as we were hurting, because he seemed oblivious to the magnitude of our pain.
It all happened so fast and when I realized that Brandon was bringing these drugs into our house, while we thought we were detoxing him, it was beyond me.
I felt violated in so many ways, all at once and I snapped.
Brandon’s nose was broken and my wife and sister-in-law attended to him to stop the bleeding and I sat in silent shock with Harry and Bryce flanking me on the couch— possible guards’ against any further explosion into violence.
There was no threat of that, as this intervention was over.
Way over.
The next day things had calmed down, and Brandon admitted to needing professional help, more than we could offer.
He had been living on less since he was on lock-down and that was lowering the level in the tests, but he was really never without Oxy.
It was late 2008 and my business was suffering the effects of the economic meltdown.
Just a couple of years before that my business income had been five times what it was then.
Bryce, in college, was working three jobs to pay his own expenses, something we could no longer afford to help with.
Simply put, we were falling behind on everything and we didn’t have the money to put Brandon in a rehab; so we began searching the internet for someplace that would take him without an exorbitant amount of cash.
The State run agencies were crammed with voluntary admissions and court ordered treatment.
Brandon’s girlfriend, Tiffanie had already been in a thirty-day rehab twice before.
We had heard plenty of horror stories from her about her stint in the county rehab: Apparently, several people had over-dosed on drugs while in the facility, one had died, and she had relapsed and used Oxy while she was in there.
The problem with a facility that accepts court ordered patients is that the patient doesn’t want to be there.
They are basically given the option of jail or rehab and they make the clear choice.
Drugs were as easy to get as a pudding cup inside these places.
We kept shopping for a place that could assure us that we just weren’t introducing our son to more drug addicts who would help each other continue their abuse.
Every agency we contacted seemed to be selling something, and they were pushy and wanted money transferred to them now, offering to pick Brandon up immediately.
We felt like we were buying a used car from some slickster.
We didn’t have the money for what most of these places cost but we knew he needed their help or he could be just another statistic.
This was so far out of our realm of understanding and far from our abilities to negotiate.
A maze of tangled claims and questionable results.
Brandon also needed to be available to the narcotics officers to fulfill his end of a bargain he had struck with them during his brief incarceration.
We decided to try to detox him as long as it took for him to get his arrangement with the narcotics officers completed, and then we would continue to find a state run program to admit him or reach our hands out to our family, who until now had primarily been kept in the dark.
We were desperate for professional help.
Chapter 16: The Law Brandon had been set up by another drug dealer.
This person had called our son from a wired phone while Brandon was with his mother— that so-called errand was a drug deal.
He left his mother to straighten out his bills while he went to do a drug deal.
Unbelievable.
He was supposed to bring drugs to a hotel room, but because Brandon owed everybody money, his credit to be fronted drugs was not good, so he went to the drug deal without the drugs, planning to get the money first then go back for them.
When Brandon knocked on the hotel room door, it opened and an army of police officers darting in from all directions greeted him.
They wrestled him to the ground, cuffed him and began their search of him and his vehicle and, later, his house.
Brandon had been recorded agreeing to the deal and he had paraphernalia in his possession.
Unfortunately for the police, they chose to drop the net on him when he had hit bottom and couldn’t afford the drugs they hoped they would catch him with.
During his 23-hour period in jail, the narcotics officers shook him down for everything he was worth.
The process of getting one drug dealer to set up the next is as old as the trade itself (my own brother had done it over 35 years before).
During the interrogation, which included the usual scare tactics, the cops showed him a great deal of information they had collected on him.
Even though they didn’t have the bust they wanted, they had him verbally agreeing to provide drugs and several people willing to testify that Brandon had provided them with Oxy and other drugs.
They had been monitoring him for some time and had ample surveillance to make up for the lack of drugs at his actual bust.
Brandon had been dealing Oxy for the past few years and the police had been looking to get him.
Brandon had at one time been moving thousands of these tiny green prescription pain pills through California, making nighttime drives to Los Angeles and back to buy huge quantities to supply the Sacramento area.
They were charging him with three felonies and he was facing five plus years in prison.
Faced with the charges, Brandon waved his attorney rights and talked too much— a strung out drug addict who just got popped.
The interrogation lasted nearly twenty hours; although, to Brandon, it felt like three days.
Faced with the abundance of evidence and the thought of five years in prison, Brandon broke and agreed to bust a dealer named Steve.
The interesting thing about Steve was that much of the information the officers had on Brandon was from Steve.
It’s quite a tangled web.
Steve had been busted some time ago and released when he agreed to work with the narcotics division of the police department.
Steve’s bust was kept a secret so he could fold back into the drug world unnoticed and collect information on drug dealers like my son and share that information with the officers so they could set up these dealers.
Steve was tasked with introducing undercover officers into the inner circle that would eventually lead to a bust that appeared to be far removed from the original contact with Steve.
The only problem with Steve is that he was double-crossing the narcotics officers and they had come to discover his deception.
Steve and his girlfriend, Ashley were highly addicted to Oxy and their combined drug habit made it necessary for him to continue to deal Oxy to the bigger buyers while tossing a few small fish to the officers to appease them and satisfy his deal.
The officers knew too that Steve was beating his girlfriend and forcing her to perform “happy ending massages” and sexual favors to support her personal addiction to Oxy.
Brandon was one of the small fish that Steve provided information on.
Brandon had become so addicted that he could no longer supply the drug in quantity because he and Tiffanie consumed over $1000 a day by snorting or smoking it.
Brandon had gone from a large dealer to a junkie who would do anything, say anything and sell anything to get his next fix.
Brandon had become dispensable to Steve and the other large dealers, as he was now an Oxy addicted con man in constant search of his next dose of this potent drug.
Brandon could trade prison for setting up the double-crosser Steve.
Officer White was insistent that the time frame for this deal was short.
Brandon was very ill detoxing, and the fact that he had been busted and he was on lockdown at his parents’ house was common knowledge on the street.
There’s no easy way to bluff if everyone sees your cards.
Officer White cooked up a scheme.
He gave Brandon a phone number and a story for him to give to Steve.
Hopefully this story would explain Brandon’s bust, now known by all of his associates: He was to acknowledge his bust and tell Steve that the cops didn’t catch him with drugs because no one would front him the Oxy he was to bring to the deal.
Brandon owed everyone, including Steve, so that would not be difficult to believe.
In fact, that part was the truth!
He was then supposed to tell Steve that he needed help supplying one of his regulars while his parents were holding him with a tight leash and ask him if he could do it.
All Brandon was asking for in return for this connection was a few Oxy pills dropped at our house as a referral fee.
Brandon asked Steve to just put the pills on his windowsill so he could get high unbeknownst to his parents.
The intention was to make Steve believe that Brandon was still using, and thus trustworthy.
Brandon was a nervous wreck.
He was completely confused after days of detox and scared to death that he was going to prison if the scheme failed.
Brandon contacted the other drug dealer from his own cell phone so Steve would recognize the number.
Brandon told Steve the concocted story and then supplied Steve with the phone number that Officer White had given him for the phony buyer.
Immediately there was trouble: The officer had accidentally given Brandon the same phone number that Steve already possessed; the same number that had been given to Steve by the same officers for his use when he was setting up a bust of his own.
Brandon was outed big time.
Our son was immediately labeled a snitch on the street and had no chance of helping the police.
Our phone began ringing with crank calls and threats on his life and ours.
The officers were apologetic; it was apparently an honest mistake.
Since our son couldn’t see the deal through, he would be charged with the three felonies.
Brandon was facing five years in prison.
I was pissed off that the cops fucked this up!
It was the one chance for my firstborn son to avoid prison, and damn-it there had to be another way.
It was now time for me to intervene.
To pull out whatever stops needed to be pulled to protect him.
To save him.
My boy.
Brandon.
I set an appointment with the arresting officers.
I arrived at the police station with Brandon and we were escorted to an interview room.
We were sitting in the police station in a county that is known for being tough on drugs and prosecuting everything to the fullest ability of the law.
The door opened to a closet-size room with a table and four chairs.
The walls were stark white and the room could barely accommodate the meager furnishings.
Officer White and his Sergeant entered the room and sat opposite us.
They were unrelenting that Brandon owed them a bust, no matter their mistake.
My son sat there with me and he was not only very ill, he had an obvious broken nose (about which the officers did not inquire—I know they had their theories) and Brandon was still very addicted to Oxy.
Brandon was smoking these pills at a heavy clip.
He had started his habit by taking the pills orally, then snorting them; finally he had escalated to burning them on foil while inhaling the fumes through a stem pipe.
Although the next step was slamming or injecting in his veins, he hadn’t gone that far.
He was up to about thirty Oxy pills a day and couldn’t sell enough to supply his habit.
While he had been living on less since his home lock-down, he was really never clean during this detox.
How was Brandon going to achieve what these cops wanted in his condition and with his new reputation as a snitch?
I am the father, with all that that means.
I am the man of the family, and I would do anything to protect my family but I was in unchartered territory here once again.
What would Dino NOT do?
What would Richard NOT do?
I looked the undercover narcotics officer in the face and blurted, “I’ll do the bust!” I’m raising my freaking hand like I am volunteering to coach a soccer team.
I believe firmly that the deal to bust Steve should be forgiven due to the failure on the part of the police and the complete and total fiasco that had come from the officers not doing their homework and giving Brandon the same number that Steve already knew was an undercover cop’s phone.
They have pushed me into a corner and I only see one absurd way out.
“We don’t let parents work off deals to keep their kids out of prison,” Officer White responded after several moments of silent staring around the room.
I didn’t plan on volunteering, and I strongly suspected (hoped?)
I didn’t have a chance in hell at getting the officers to give me the go-ahead.
I just said it because a father does whatever he can do to help his son.
At least that is what I had always thought and that is what I had always done.
Brandon looked at me as if he wanted to stop me but he lacked the clarity to speak, desperation the only thing evident on his weary face.
The days since Brandon’s arrest had been some of the toughest days of his life.
We know that the practice of turning your busted drug users and dealers into snitches was nothing new in the world of illegal drug distribution.
I had consumed my fair share of drugs and wasn’t just some innocent bystander.
I had my own issues.
Maybe this was somehow Karma.
They certainly don’t have a book that can teach you how to be a good father and my own experiences as a son and a stepson had only given me insight on what not to do as a father.
Even if this magical book did exist that could help you raise the perfect child, I assume that the chapter titled, “How to Do a Drug Bust for Your Son” would be absent.
I knew Brandon couldn’t do this because he was too hot on the streets as a snitch.
I pressed the issue, which was met with emphatic refusals each time.
The officers continued to hold their ground and refused to agree to work with me.
I pushed: “I don’t want you to work with me.
I just want to know what you would do if I contacted you and told you that Steve was meeting me to buy one-hundred Oxys?
What is your job responsibility in that case?” “We would do our job if someone called and informed us of a drug deal,” Officer White said.
“If I am able to get Steve busted, would that count for my son’s deal?” I asked.
The officer and his sergeant left the room for about ten minutes before returning to tell me that it would.
“We are not condoning or encouraging this in any way,” Officer White insisted.
That was all I needed.
Now Brandon and I would need to work out the rest.
Chapter 17: A Father’s Devotion Brandon became my coach: In order to convincingly portray a drug supplier, I had to know the lingo.
I had to know the system.
I was miles from toot and half an ocean from weed.
I would need Brandon to assist me with current drug terms.
What did an Oxy look like?
What milligram size I should say I have?
Brandon told me that the easiest way to buy pills is from people who are prescribed them for chronic pain and intentionally demand more than they need from their doctors so they can resell them at an enormous profit.
Brandon told me that the Holy Grail for an Oxy dealer was to find an “old guy with a script” (prescription); so I decided this would be who I would become.
I went to a Wal-Mart and purchased a pre-paid cellular phone that I would use as my undercover phone.
I didn’t need my last name popping up on a caller I.D.
I nicknamed the phone my “crack-berry.” After getting crucial information and doing a bit of research, I found the Craigslist classified advertisement with a picture of a young blond girl offering massages with a contact phone number that matched the drug dealer Steve’s number.
The pictures in the ad were racy and the price per session was about twice the normal cost for such services.
I called to set up a “massage.” I told her I got massages often for my ailing back but I thought it would be fun to get a massage from a pretty young lady.
We scheduled an appointment for later that same day.
I’ve had back problems in the past, as many 50 year olds do, so I dug up a back support and I wore it to the appointment.
I had a basic plan and an obvious goal but how it would unfold was a mystery.
She met me at the door, dressed in casual sweats and no make-up.
Despite looking a little weary, she looked like she could be very attractive if she tried.
As I looked at her, I felt sorry for her because I knew she was about the same age as my sons and I knew she was somebody’s daughter, somebody’s baby and I also knew the sordid details of her existence.
She led me into a surprisingly clean bedroom that had a complete bedroom set and a mirrored closet door was beside the bed.
She pointed me towards a chair in the corner of the room and told me I could get undressed and put my clothes on the chair.
She excused herself, telling me that she was getting a towel to cover the bed where the massage would take place.
I thought I could hear her whispering to someone in the apartment, but I only heard her voice.
Now I was really wondering what I had walked in to.
I labored to get my shoes off: A well placed moan and groan intended to prompt her curiosity.
“Are you all right?” she asked, coming back into the room with a towel and spreading it flat onto the bed, then bending down and helping me untie my shoes.
“I have back problems,” I said, standing to remove my dress shirt, exposing the back brace which I removed with angst.
“Have your doctors given you anything for the pain?” she asked, helping my shirt off of each shoulder.
I told her I had been given many medications, but I needed to be able to work my job so couldn’t take most of them.
“I am a Financial Planner and I can’t afford to be loopy,” I said.
“What kinds of stuff do they give you?” She pooched out her lower lip and tried to look more sad than excited.
The conversation was headed quickly in the direction I had planned.
I told her they had given me Vicodin, Darvocet and Oxycodone, which I definitely couldn’t tolerate.
She was quickly moving towards the hook in this trap.
“What do you do with the drugs if you don’t take them?” “I’ve probably got one hundred Oxycodone pills in my safe at home with as many refills as I want, but I won’t be using them,” I said.
“I’ll take them if you don’t want them.” Fish on!
“I’ll bet you would, I had a friend who sold his for a lot of money to a coworker,” I said.
I still had my pants on when she offered to buy the Oxy.
I noticed that she had left the door to the bedroom wide open and I wondered if someone was listening.
I told her I was a “professional” and a “family man” and it just wasn’t worth the risk.
She said she understood but if I changed my mind, she and her boyfriend would pay $25 per pill.
I said thanks, but no thanks.
She asked me to finish undressing and get on the bed for the massage.
She stood directly in front of me, just a few steps away as I took off the last of my clothes and I stood there naked.
I felt as if she stood there for me to prove l wasn’t a cop, who likely would leave at least his underwear on.
She pointed to the bed that was now covered in a bright beach towel.
I laid face down and she didn’t offer anything to cover me up as you would in a traditional massage.
She straddled my buttocks and began to massage my back.
She told me that she didn’t have sex as part of her massage.
I assured her that I just wanted a massage from a pretty young lady and I had no other motive.
I repeated that I often got massaged from the same older woman and I thought it would be a treat to get a massage from a beautiful young one.
As I lay there, I could see her in the mirror and we talked from this reflection.
She pressed the issue of buying the pills.
She climbed off of me and stood up next to the bed between me and the mirror.
She looked at me as she slowly pulled her sweat pants off exposing a stunning young body and sleek thong underwear.
She tugged slightly at her thong to adjust it as she looked over her shoulder in the mirror and checked herself out.
She then sat back on top of me while she continued to talk to me and I watched her in the mirror as she pulled her top off exposing her bare breasts.
I kept watching her in the mirror and she was watching me.
It got quiet and I needed an ice breaker for the silence so I quipped that she certainly didn’t dress like a cop and she laughed.
She bent at the waist as she put her hands to the side of my shoulders and she pressed her bare breasts against my back.
She rubbed her breasts on my back and buttocks as she maneuvered her body over mine.
I couldn’t help but be aroused.
She leaned in close to my ear with her mouth, her young body firmly against my back, and then asked me seductively if I would sell her the Oxy.
I told her I would find out how many I had and we could probably work something out and sell them to her.
She then asked me to turn over and she sat on me, barely above my crotch.
I immediately noticed a tattooed first name of “Steve” on her flat stomach, just right of her belly button.
I tapped the tattoo and ask her if that was her boyfriend’s name.
She leaned into me and whispered that it is just some guy who treats her like crap but she keeps going back to him.
The fact that she chose to whisper that bit of information convinced me he was outside the open door.
As we talked I described to her that I had a very controlling wife and two young children at home.
I told her this because I needed to set some restrictive boundaries; I knew I would need to work within the confines of the narcotics officers, and this would allow me to put her off, buy some time, if I needed it.
She talked with me and continued to massage my chest as she straddled my naked body.
She reached for my hands and placed them on her young firm breasts.
It was an unexpected treat for “an old guy with a script”.
I’ll let you use your imagination from there, but she finished her massage and then we both got dressed.
The fish was in the net.
The girl, Ashley, had taken the bait, and I felt confident that I had the deal working.
Now I would need to go home and hope my wife’s level of understanding would allow me to be completely honest with her about what I was doing, and what I had just done.
I knew Lisa wanted to help Brandon and we both knew my involvement would require a venture into unchartered territory but I needed her to know everything.
Lisa and I had been married for twenty-four years and we knew what lay ahead would be a bigger test of our commitment than what I had just done.
We needed to help Brandon and I needed to believe this would also help the kids I was attempting to bust, just as my son getting busted was one step closer to hitting bottom, and hopefully one step closer to getting off of these powerful drugs.
There was no turning back now.
Before I got home from my massage, my crack-berry phone rang and it was Ashley.
She called me to ask if I could bring her a few Oxys to hold her over for the night.
I, of course, didn’t have any Oxys so I told her I couldn’t get out and we could do the whole deal at once.
I couldn’t help but feel sorrow for her and guilt for what I was doing but I justified it in my mind that she needed to get away from this guy and that she needed to get help for her drug problem as well.
I pictured my son and his willingness to do anything to get his next fix.
When I arrived at home I called Officer White’s phone and told him I had a drug deal set up with Steve and Ashley and they wanted one hundred Oxy pills.
To say he was shocked would be an understatement.
He wanted to know how I did this and was I sure it was Steve, as well as numerous other questions.
I told him that he had told me he didn’t want to know anything, and I preferred to keep it that way for now.
I did give Officer White enough information so he was sure I had the right people.
I just needed to know when and where the narcotics squad wanted to do this deal and what I needed to do next.
The Officer was excited at the opportunity to get this guy and he arranged me coming to the police station so I could make the call to set up the one hundred Oxy pill deal on a recorded phone line.
The drug deal itself would happen later and I would need to be evasive and the where and the when as to the actual exchange of money for drugs.
I was told to call her from my phone and tell her I would call her tomorrow around noon.
Chapter 18: Game Time I arrived at the station and was escorted to an interrogation room.
It looked like a carbon copy of the room I was in before but it was further down the hall.
Officer White connected a recording device to my crack-berry and I was told to place the call and get Ashley to engage in conversation that would be incriminating.
I was to get her to use the word “Oxy” and discuss the price and the quantity and to get Ashley to acknowledge that the price was “$2500 cash for the one hundred Oxys.” I placed the call, nervous and anxious to be sure to get what the police wanted.
To my shock, the recording on Ashley’s phone stated it was no longer in service.
The officer was obviously disappointed and suggested that perhaps they caught on to the scheme, as they were very savvy.
Just as he was rambling on how difficult it was to get someone to deal with you.
.
bla .
.
bla .
.
bla, my crack-berry rang.
I looked at the caller ID and it was Steve’s number, not Ashley’s.
This was even better since the goal was to get him and she was ancillary.
I picked up the phone, which was still connected to the recording device, and she introduced herself and said she was calling from her boyfriend’s phone because hers was broken.
The call went better than expected as you could hear Steve coaching her in the background.
Ashley fell nicely into all of the comments the police wanted to record.
I was told by Officer White to tell her I could meet her in a couple of days as I was out of town.
I told her I would call her when I returned and after work hours.
She agreed and the call ended.
At the time, I didn’t understand why we didn’t just go do the deal right away, but the cops needed to get a crew together and do all this planning for the bust.
Once this part of the deal was confirmed, the officer left the room and returned with a stack of documents for me to sign.
I didn’t read much of it because it didn’t really matter what it said.
They were the documents that they needed to cover their asses, period!
Two nervous days passed before I got the go-ahead and a time and location for the drug deal.
I was instructed to call Ashley and tell her the time but not to commit to the location.
The police wanted the time to set up the area of the bust location and they did not want the drug dealer to come early and perhaps see them preparing.
I was instructed to meet the police over an hour before the scheduled time.
During this entire time since Brandon was busted, my wife and I had been working to detox him.
We had him on complete lockdown at the house with no visitors allowed.
His room and the entire house were still searched daily, including the CD cases and every nook and cranny.
We used the professional drug tests and we tested him randomly.
Hopefully he hadn’t found a way to get this drug into our home (again).
He finished the worst of the drug withdrawals a couple of days after the disastrous intervention.
When Officer White called, the bust was on.
I hugged and kissed Brandon and Lisa as if I was about to ship off to a war.
I felt guilty that I couldn’t say something to my younger son Bryce but he was now back at college and we hadn’t told him what I was doing for Brandon.
I didn’t want him to worry and I didn’t want him to hate his brother for putting me in this situation.
I would tell him later when all was well .
.
.
hopefully.
If not, I needed to tell my wife to tell him how much I loved him, just in case.
She broke down and I left the house before she had recomposed herself.
I received my first instructions at the police station.
Told to follow two undercover cars to the back of a nearby hotel, we were met by about a dozen different police officers in varying attire.
Some were in marked squad cars but most looked like everything from an ordinary guy to a punk with a beanie on his head.
Scruffy beards to cleanly shaven, they were an unlikely melting pot of law enforcement.
They were driving a variety of cars and trucks, old and new.
It was beginning to get dark and that is what the officers wanted.
I was instructed by Officer White to stand beside my truck while two officers searched the vehicle and verified that I had no weapon, cash or drugs inside.
Then I was searched and the officers asked me to remove my shirt so they could wire me up.
I stood there arms out in this parking lot surrounded by police, as they taped this wire to my body.
Several cars drove slowly through the hotel parking lot, gawking.
I stared back at them trying not to look ashamed, hoping one of my neighbors or clients didn’t drive by.
It had to look like I was getting arrested!
I could hear the police and undercover officers talking about me amongst themselves.
In one exchange, a uniform officer asked an undercover officer what they busted me for and who I was turning on.
The undercover officer told him I was the father of a kid they busted and I was “working my son’s deal.” The uniform officer responded that he had never heard of that before to which the undercover officer replied that this, as far as he knew, was a first.
After I was wired, tested, and instructed to put my shirt and jacket back on, the briefing began.
A loose circle of about a dozen officers stood between my truck and the van that would record the sting from the wire I was wearing.
I would call the target soon and instruct her to meet me in a particular spot.
Things moved rapidly now and the instructions came quickly.
I was instructed to get as much incriminating conversation as I could, including the price, quantity and name of the drug; anything beyond that would be helpful but gravy.
The main thing was to get the money for the drugs.
Then I was shown the contents of a small white plastic bottle: One hundred Oxys poured into the officer’s hand.
They were smaller than I thought they would be and an odd green color.
He gathered the pills back into the bottle and handed them to me, telling me to put them in an easily accessible jacket pocket.
The officers were all gathered around, but my focus was now entirely on the lead man, Officer White, the same undercover officer who had busted my son, had screwed up by giving Brandon the wrong phone number and with whom I had negotiated this deal.
He was cocky and his ego always front and center, but I completely understood this demeanor.
A person who does this for a living should have a high level of confidence, and that translates into what one might call “a strong personality.” I was listening as if my life depended on these men.
It did.
I was told that I would also be arrested in a mock arrest so that the dealers would think we were all busted.
I would be handcuffed against the truck or on the ground and lead to a separate patrol car.
Oh boy, the handcuffs I had successfully avoided most of my life were finally finding their way on my wrists.
“After you have the cash and they have the pills, tell ‘em you’re going to head to Tahoe.
That will be our signal.” I could handle that.
When I was given the shots fired and weapon instructions, I realized that desperate druggies rob guys like me.
The officer began to explain what I was to do if this turned out to be a robbery.
Apparently, this Steve was known to carry a weapon and he was known to come up a little short on cash for drug deals and if the seller wasn’t willing to accept the lower amount, he might brandish his weapon.
If he pulled the gun or a weapon of any sort, the officers needed me to indicate that.
“How about ‘gun, gun, he’s got a fucking gun’”?
I asked.
“How about, ‘ there’s no need for guns,’” the officer countered.
This was an unexpected instruction and a situation I hadn’t realistically contemplated.
I was all wired up and the officer flattened his hand out and tapped on my truck’s windowsill to illustrate how low they wanted me.
“You get here in the crossfire.” He bent me down behind my drivers’ side door.
“You stay here.
No moving around.” He told me that in the case of a weapon, they would come in from both sides of the truck with their guns drawn.
The shooting officers would be on the driver’s side firing over my head.
(How comforting).
What had I gotten myself into?
I didn’t want brains splattered all over my truck, especially if they were mine!
I was then shown pictures so I could verify Ashley and recognize Steve.
It was her, and his head was practically shaved bald.
He looked like your typical punk kid, just like Brandon.
“Is his hair still that short?” I asked.
“Not the last I saw.
Why?” “Well, if his hair is longer, I can at least grab him by the head if he pulls a gun on me.” At this point I was given a lecture and the shots fired instructions again, because apparently I hadn’t gotten the message the first time.
I was to stay in my truck and tell them to get in when they arrived.
I was also told that the dealers would try to move me to another location and I was to stand my ground and never agree to move, even if it was just across the street.
Steve had a warrant for his arrest in this county so he would attempt to avoid it.
The officers would be placed all around me and my movement would ruin the bust and endanger me and the officers.
I guess only time would tell how things would go down and we prepared to head to Wal-Mart parking lot for the big bust.
I personally would rather be shot at Nordstrom’s!
Once in place at the store, I was contacted via my regular cell phone and I was told to make the call to Ashley and tell her where I would meet her in 20 minutes.
The marked police cars were out of site and honestly I couldn’t see one officer, undercover or otherwise.
The unmarked cars were apparently mixed into the parking lot full of cars.
I made the call and Ashley answered quickly.
I told her where I would be in twenty minutes (which was exactly where I was now).
She immediately tried to get me to meet her at the apartment where she massaged me.
I told her I had a brief window of time and I needed to pick up some items for my wife at the store so that was the only place and the only way I could meet them.
She agreed and said she would see me soon.
After I hung up the phone, the officer called me on my personal cell phone, which I was answering from a headset in my ear.
He offered some encouraging words about how I had handled her attempt to move me and said they would try to move me again because Steve was not going to want to meet me in this county because of his arrangement with the police here.
We were only a mile from another county line so Officer White and his team felt he would try to get me to move that mile.
I hung up and the wait began.
I was all eyes and all ears as the silence in the truck made it too easy for my mind to wander.
I wasn’t allowed any background noise.
I was parked at the far end of the lot with the front end of my truck against a fence as I was instructed to do.
I was impatiently waiting when I finally saw one of the scraggly dressed officers wandered by pushing a grocery basket full of bags looking like a homeless person.
He had an old torn jacket on with a beanie on his head.
He was unshaven and looked the part of a vagrant.
We had a moment of eye contact and he had no expression as if he didn’t know me at all.
It was a slight reassurance but I still wondered where the rest of them were and how they would get to me quick if things went to Hell.
I received another call from the officer and he had me speak so they could tune in the wire.
He said that they needed to occasionally check the wire—from time to time I should say something to reassure them that they’d end up with a quality recording of the deal.
The crack-berry rang and it was Ashley.
She said her friend was reluctant to come to where I was because I was in a county where they were tough on crime and she wanted me to drive a couple of miles away and meet them at a grocery store.
I told her again that I didn’t have much time and it was already past twenty minutes.
The deal would happen where I was or it wouldn’t happen, period!
I told her to get her shit together or I was leaving.
I was short, irritated and aggressive as an act to get them to come to me.
Ashley said she would talk to her boyfriend and call me right back.
Another call from the officer telling me I was doing fine and to hang in there and hold my position.
A call from Ashley followed and she stated that her boyfriend was unwilling to come to me so either I meet them at their chosen destination or the deal was off.
I told her to forget the deal and I would sell the drugs through my friend who I mentioned during the massage if she couldn’t get the boyfriend calmed down.
Ashley said she would work on him but that tonight was off.
As I hung up, I was crushed that this was not happening!
All of this prep, stress, planning and nothing to show for it!
My mind filled with thoughts of my son going to prison with my inability to deliver Steve to the narcotics officers to satisfy Brandon’s deal with them.
The call from the officer came in on my headset and it was to the point; I was instructed to head back to the spot where I was wired (“home-base”) so I began my short journey back, completely disappointed.
The entourage of police came out of parking spots and the marked cars came from behind the building and out of nowhere.
It was as if a sudden parade had emerged from nowhere folding in behind me as I exited the parking lot.
I arrived at the original briefing spot and I got out of the truck and the lead officer immediately began to tell me this was a good first contact and that I would get them.
I tried to interrupt him with my feelings of distress but he would have no part of it.
He complimented me on holding my ground so firmly.
In fact, he and his partner asked me if I had done this before because I was so stern with her and refused to bend.
I guess they were accustomed to dealing with strung out drug addicts.
I was still completely disappointed and I told them so.
I just wanted this over and I had every expectation that it would be finished tonight and I could get on with my life and my son could get on with rehab and hopefully get healthy.
Once I was un-wired I was able to call my wife who was a sobbing mess.
Not hearing from me and the uncertainty of the night had taken its toll on her and my son.
I headed home defeated and unsure if I would ever get the opportunity to complete the task that would free my son from a three to five year prison term.
I was mentally exhausted and I didn’t know what my next move would be.
All I knew is that the officers told me that if Ashley contacted me, I was to put her off until next week because they couldn’t put a crew together until the following Tuesday.
Not only did I need to put humpty dumpty (the drug deal) back together again, I had to do it on a specific day at a specific time and in a county that the dealers clearly didn’t want anything to do with.
It seemed to be an impossible set of circumstances which would need to simultaneously occur to accomplish my task, and oh yeah, I needed to do it without getting shot.
Chapter 19: A Second Chance A couple of days passed before the crack-berry rang in my car.
The ring tone surprised me, as it was a sound I wasn’t accustomed to hearing.
At first I thought it was a sound on the car radio but quickly realized it must be Ashley.
She was obviously the only person who had this number and she was very apologetic for the failure to show.
Ashley said she wanted to get the Oxys as soon as possible and that there would be no problems this time, as she knew Steve was completely out of product and would meet me on my terms.
In a judgment call that I had not previously planned, I flatly told her that I already sold the Oxys through the other buyer that I had told her about.
She was notably upset and actually confronted me on my “promise” to sell them to her.
I pointed out that I waited in a parking lot for her for over an hour and she was the one who flaked.
I described how easy it was to sell the one hundred Oxys to the other guy and that he met me exactly where I wanted and when I wanted, gave me the cash and it was a breeze!
She asked me if I had any more and I told her I had a few but not enough to trouble with.
I then told her that I had a refill available for ninety Oxys that was good to fill next Tuesday.
I swear I am making this dialogue up as I go along, just to fit all the necessary criteria and to put her off until next Tuesday.
The new prescription combined with what I already had would meet the quantity of one hundred Oxys that they wanted.
I also wanted a solid clarification that I was only going to meet on my terms, just as I had in my fictitious deal.
Did I mention I am in sales?
Telling her I sold the drugs to someone else is the classic “take-away” which creates an urgency and desire to comply.
She said they would buy the Oxys and they would meet me where I wanted.
She assured me that there would be no bullshit this time.
I told her I would call her and give her the meeting place after I filled the prescription.
I called the lead narcotics officer and informed him of my conversation.
Again he was amazed at my creativity with the concoction of the take away story.
I told him why I did it that way and that I only wanted to wear a wire one more time.
He said to call him to confirm the timing.
A call to the officer confirmed we were on for 6 pm that night.
I was instructed to call Ashley around 6 pm and tell her I would meet her as soon as I could get out of the house, and that I would call her when I left it.
I prepared myself emotionally for another unpredictable evening.
I was told to meet the officers at a different location behind a nearby grocery store near the loading dock and trash bins.
I arrived promptly, eager to get this thing done, and was immediately disappointed to learn that there would be a delay getting the crew together as they had just busted an Ecstasy dealer and part of the crew was stuck hauling, booking and questioning him.
I was irritated as they wired me up in anticipation of the bust.
The officers then recorded my call to Ashley where I told her my wife had me watching the kids and unavailable until she returned, so I’d call her in a while.
I was buying an unknown amount of time while keeping Ashley and Steve on the hook.
So while I am standing in the lot wired up, not able to call my wife, not able to go anyplace myself, some of the officers take orders for a hamburger run!
I am now beyond irritated, as their lackadaisical attitude could equal another disappointment and a setback for the mission to get my son on with his life and out of a possible prison sentence.
They asked me what I wanted from the nearby hamburger joint as they relayed orders to another officer via a cell phone.
I wanted nothing!
Eating was the last thing on my mind and my stomach was churning with every passing moment.
I just wanted to get on with it and go home in one piece.
It was an odd sight for me as I watched these officers chow down their burgers and sip on their drinks reminiscing about the drug deal they just finished.
Just another day at the office, I guess.
In a moment, my crack-berry starts to blow up with one call after the next from Ashley, wanting to know when we are doing this deal.
I must keep buying time with excuses, now nearing a two-hour delay waiting for the cops to come from the other bust.
It is looking like this deal is not going to happen either.
I answer some of the calls and ignore others as I am instructed to do by Officer White.
I whisper in one call as if I can’t talk because I am still stuck at home with my wife and cannot talk freely.
I reassure Ashley that I will meet her as soon as I can get out.
I think of my wife and son at home wondering why I haven’t called; is it over?
Am I dead?
Finally the crew is all present behind the store, and the review of protocol and procedure began as it did before.
New officers are in amongst familiar faces from the prior attempt.
I find myself less interested in their chat as I mentally prepare myself for the task at hand.
I am given the weapons and shots fired instructions again.
In my usual humorous deflection of discomfort, I quip that the last time I met Ashley it was a “happy ending” and I would like the same result this time.
The officers are un-amused.
The officers are sent to stake out a nearby drugstore.
My story to the drug dealers will be that I will fill the prescription there and meet her in that parking lot as it is a stone’s throw within the county line which they want the bust in.
One problem I point out is that the drugstore will be closed in a few minutes but they send the crew that direction for feedback on the location.
The call comes back and the parking lot is virtually empty of cars leaving no cover for the officers to hide.
I am starting to feel like I know more about this drug busting business than the cops.
After a change of venue to a nearby grocery store down the street and several miles within the county line, it is nearly 9 pm and I have been unable to call my wife for over three hours.
The officers move into place for the bust.
Several marked police cars hide in an adjacent apartment complex that has a driveway into the grocery store parking lot at the opposite end of the shopping center.
I am instructed to park my truck’s front end against a fence that borders the parking lot facing the greenbelt.
I am shown new surveillance photos of the two suspects and their vehicle: a red Dodge Charger with tinted windows.
The code word which I am to use in a sentence to confirm the exchange of money for drugs has been changed to “Reno” and I see a pattern so I assume that if the deal does not go down this time, my next code word may be “Vegas.” I pray there isn’t a next time.
Chapter 20: Going Down Finally a red Dodge Charger is driving slowly over the entrance bridge.
I say, “Red Dodge Charger approaching at one o’clock,” attempting not to move my lips, as the vehicle is coming almost directly towards me on my right.
The Dodge slows almost to a stop just a couple of car lengths away.
I am unable to see in the tinted windows of the car but I am certain they can see me; I stare back as if to say, “Is that you?” They are obviously aware that I am there, alone and awaiting their arrival.
The car slowly pulls away after taking a good look at me.
I lose sight of them, as they seem to be going towards the opposite end of the parking lot.
I assume they will pull around after checking out the surroundings but instead my crack-berry rings within seconds.
It is Ashley and she is trying to move me to a Starbucks that is on the other side of the same parking lot.
I resist and ask her if that was her that stopped next to me in the red Dodge Charger.
She says it was but she would rather meet at the Starbucks where there are some people around.
I tell her to just come to my truck and let’s get this deal done.
Ashley states she is suspicious that I won’t drive a hundred yards to meet her.
I make a judgment call that I know will not make the undercover narcotics team happy but she is right, what is my great reason justifying not driving a short distance?
I tell her I will drive right over and park by the Starbucks.
I hang up with her and I state into my wire that we are moving to the Starbucks and to deal with it.
My head set rings from my personal cell phone and the lead officer is a combination of irritated and understanding but he warns me to drive slowly and not to get too far in front of the van which will be coming in behind me.
I am already backing up as he speaks to me.
I am told to park against something, a wall or a spot in front of a store but not to park in the middle of the lot leaving all sides open.
I notice the surveillance van coming up one of the isles as I pull onto the same path the Dodge Charger took which leads directly to the Starbucks.
The van pulls in behind me at a comfortable distance.
I am headed towards the other end of the parking lot where I know the apartment complex is hiding the marked police cars.
I move slowly towards the coffee shop and my heart is beating out of my chest.
So many thoughts are running through my head and I can’t seem to clear them.
After the millions of thoughts and moments that have haunted me during this evening I begin to focus on my current life, not my past.
I think of my wife who has been left in silence for nearly four hours.
I think of my sons, Brandon completely fucked up from his drug addiction and Bryce away at college completely unaware of what is happening and what risk his dad is about to take.
It occurs to me that Bryce and my wife may never forgive Brandon if something were to happen to me.
I recall their little league baseball games and soccer teams I coached.
All of the art projects which we proudly displayed with the help of refrigerator magnets over the years.
Particular events in their life pop in and out of my head.
Their future begins to enter my mind and I hope and pray that I will see Brandon free from his addiction one day and see Bryce graduate college.
Who will they marry one day, how many children will they have, will I be a grandpa or a memory?
Too many thoughts are packed in my head as I realize this is my life and my family’s life passing before me as the moment of truth approaches.
Perhaps all this worrying is for nothing or perhaps the worst is about to happen.
I must cleanse my mind of this sudden bombardment of thoughts and I must focus!
I pull into the parking lot of the Starbucks just as my crack-berry rings.
I see Ashley standing inside the coffee shop with her cell phone up to her ear.
I answer the phone as I notice a space directly facing the front door of Starbucks is opening up as a car begins to back out.
She asks me where I am and I tell her I am looking at her from in the truck waiting for that front spot to open.
She sees me, and as we talk I can see her lips move slightly ahead of the sound of her voice.
I didn’t see the red Dodge Charger anywhere when I was pulling in and I don’t see it now.
I scan the people around Ashley as I am pulling forward but Steve, the young man in the surveillance photo, the boyfriend and drug dealer is nowhere to be seen.
What I can’t see worries me more than what I can as I scan my surroundings.
Ashley continues to talk as I look directly at her, she says she will get in the car when I park and I watch her hang up the phone as she walks towards the door I am now facing.
As Ashley reaches for the door, she brings her phone up to her ear as if she has an incoming call.
She is close enough for me to read her lips, just in front of the truck, her hand pushing the door open.
“Fuck” is the only word she mouths as her eyes make contact with mine; she is immediately in a panic.
She looks wildly at me as she turns and runs back into the Starbucks, frantically making her way through the patrons headed towards the back of the shop.
I have no idea what just happened.
I sit there dumbfounded, thinking the worst and that we have lost this bust forever.
Maybe she saw something or the phone call was from her boyfriend who had seen something.
I call her on her cell phone and to my surprise she answers, she is frantic.
She quickly states that they left, the deal is off and they are headed home.
Her voice echoes as if she is in a closet.
I know she hasn’t left because I just saw her run to the back of a Starbucks that I know well.
She is nearly in tears and suddenly hangs up.
I call the officer from my blue-tooth not knowing what is happening or what to do.
I know they can hear me through the wire but I cannot hear them.
Officer White tells me they have the male in custody as he was hiding the car in the apartment complex and he ran right into all of the marked police cars and attempted to run.
The cops blocked him off with some unmarked cars that had been on him since his Dodge had slowed next to my truck.
He tells me they are looking for the girl and ask me if I know anything about her whereabouts.
I tell him where I last saw her and I add that her last call had an echo sound.
I tell him that the back of that Starbucks is the bathroom so perhaps she is hiding in it.
Other officers in the van hear my message as it is broadcast over my wire.
They quickly get the information out and officers both under-cover and uniformed come out of the woodwork and rush around me towards the Starbucks.
Officer White firmly tells me to “return to home-base now.” The officer’s phone hangs up suddenly.
I put the truck in reverse and begin to back out amongst the mayhem.
I notice all of the patrons headed in different directions as the police are yelling for everyone to get down.
I feel as though I am watching a movie on a screen.
I don’t even feel like I am a part of it as I begin to pull away, more officers are headed in.
I look through the Starbucks’ window as I put the car in drive to leave and I can see the commotion in the back as the officers’ drag Ashley out of the bathroom area and toss her to the floor, I am gone.
I drive to “home base” (behind the grocery store) where all this started so many hours ago.
I am safe but I still can’t call my wife because I am wired and those were part of my many instructions.
I wait silently by myself wondering if this bust will count for my son or whether there was even a bust at all.
Over thirty minutes of silence passes and Officer White pulls up and I ready myself because I now have a million questions.
As he gets out of his car, I begin to blurt out my questions and he tells me he must disconnect the wire before we can talk.
I reach for my waist and pull the wire off before he can help me.
I hold it out to him, he takes it from me and turns it off, and he says, “We got them.” I am so relieved but that is only one answer to one question and I have many.
The deal was done and I was so relieved that it was over.
I then called my wife who was so wound up from the lack of communication over such a long period of time.
She sobbed uncontrollably as I told her I was unharmed, headed home, the ordeal was over and we busted the drug dealers.
A hero’s welcome awaited me, as my son was so thankful for what I had done for him.
As I went to bed that night, my mind would not shut off and the events of that evening replayed in my head over and over again.
I lay awake for hours wondering what would have happened if the dealer hadn’t run into the cops.
They both confessed to the drug deal when separately interrogated.
The officer said they had less than half of the money, which she had attempted to hide in a trash can in the Starbucks’ bathroom, and Steve had a gun, which Ashley admitted they would have used if I didn’t give them the drugs once I discovered they were short on cash.
They were going to rob me at gunpoint!
I had literally dodged a bullet.
Part II: After the Bust Chapter 21: When You Least Expect It The next morning I woke up before my wife and son.
After I brewed my morning coffee, I walked down the hall and back into my bedroom where I kept the drug test in my closet.
I walked into Brandon’s room and told him to wake up and urinate in the test cup.
It was still early and he begged me to let him sleep a little longer, saying he hadn’t slept well.
I insisted, and told him he could lie back down after the test.
Since I knew he had a device called a Wizinator that is sold at smoke shops to look like you are pissing—it has a bag filled with either synthetic urine or someone else’s—I made him show me he was really pissing.
After he complied, he crawled back into bed.
Positive for Oxy.
Top of the scale positive.
I looked over at Brandon to see him peering at me from the bed, knowing that drug tests don’t lie but drug addicts do.
I screamed at him to pack his shit and get the fuck out.
I had been left with only one option—to toss Brandon out on the street to hit bottom— because what I was doing wasn’t enough.
Or maybe what I was doing was too much?
I had just risked my life to help him and apparently while I was getting wired to save his ass, he had managed to get Oxy into my home and got high while I was working his undercover drug deal.
Not only was I devastated, I was a sucker and a fool to have helped him.
After all of the agony during detox, he was back on this shit and nothing had changed.
My love for him and our effort and commitment to him as his parents wasn’t as strong as his desire to ingest Oxy.
Brandon’s addiction to this drug was more powerful than anything I could offer and all the love Lisa and I could show.
My wife woke to my screaming and she was as shocked as I was when I showed her the test results.
Brandon had to want to get better.
As he packed his meager belongings, I grabbed the hand held video player and replayed the footage I had taped of him detoxing.
He begged me to stop the video as he could hear himself on it screaming in agony as his body craved this drug.
Brandon was crying uncontrollably as he tried to look away from the video that I continued to shove in front of his face.
Lisa stood there pale and exhausted, frightened like the night of his intervention.
As I remember it, she resembled my mother, so many years before, when we visited Thomas in prison.
Lisa could not add even a word.
Brandon left our home with little in his hands and got into what was once a nice little car, but was now something appropriate for a salvage yard with body damage, a driver’s door that wouldn’t open, and water leaking through missing door seals.
Brandon had to get in from the passenger side of this wreck of a car, symbolic of his wreck of a life.
My wife and I held each other as we watched him back out of the driveway.
He couldn’t even look at us as he drove away to God knows where.
We were numb.
Our son was 6’2” about 135 pounds and addicted to one of the most powerful drugs on the street: Oxycontin.
What would happen to him?
Would he get busted again, overdose or die in a drug deal gone bad?
We contemplated the worst as we watched what was our son, our first-born, drive off into complete uncertainty.
We didn’t know Brandon at all, and we really believed we might never see him again.
On the day of his birth which seemed like yesterday, I had watched as his little body took its first breath and now I felt like I might be watching him take his last.
We chose not to tell any of my wife’s family because we were quite frankly, embarrassed.
My wife’s family was similar to the 1950s TV Cleavers, and we didn’t think they would understand, so for now it remained a family secret.
I selfishly didn’t want their advice or opinions because I didn’t expect them to ever understand.
In their defense, they grew up in such a pure family environment that they were ill prepared for the drama that surrounded my upbringing.
I have come to understand their view of me as a shady character, and the unlikely marriage of my kind to their perfect daughter, and I have accepted the fact that my past was a freak show compared to their lives.
Now I had a contemporary freak-drama in my home, and didn’t think they’d be much help with it.
My family on the other hand, was pre-disastered.
I hadn’t talked to Thomas in several years, except for a few holidays where my mother made it difficult for me not to.
Despite getting married and having children, Thomas never settled down.
He had been in and out of rehab for decades.
Thomas had become very volatile and was making financial demands of us in order to see his children, our nieces and nephews, the boys’ cousins.
His behavior was erratic and unpredictable.
I just didn’t understand why he kept repeating the same destructive behavior.
Now I had the same question regarding my son.
I couldn’t help either of them.
I had pretty much given up on Thomas, and I was afraid to give up on Brandon.
Over the years, Thomas had conned me out of thousands of dollars.
He had an uncanny ability to put together some huge deal making himself absurd amounts of money and then blowing it all on a high roller lifestyle followed by being completely broke and desperate and addicted to drugs again and again.
Thomas had also conned or borrowed thousands of dollars from mutual friends and associates, and it was not uncommon for my wife and me to be confronted by angry people in restaurants or public places because my brother owed them money.
The last straw with Thomas was over Christmas many years back when he became so violent and threatening that Lisa and I decided to not see him or his family again.
We even told our children that if Uncle Thomas came to our house or ever tried to get them in a car that they were to run to any other adult.
We did not know what drug he was on or how far he would go.
When he moved to southern California, we were not faced with Thomas’s problems anymore.
I crossed him off of my list—the brother who had stood shoulder to shoulder with me through all the moves, the abuse, and so much else.
The brother who for a while was all I had was completely estranged from me.
I had put Thomas in a similar category as my biological Father, Richard.
I considered that in both of their cases, nothing good seemed to happen when I associated with them so I just kept them out of my life and my family’s as well.
The latest stories I had heard about Thomas were that while at one point he had escalated his abuse to injecting heroin, he then attended a drug rehab center called Narconon, which had apparently enabled him to be clean for the last couple of years.
If this was true, and he was clean, maybe he’d be a good person to go to for help?
My mother thought so, and she insisted that we reach out to him.
We were obviously reluctant and for good reason, but we were also desperate.
My mother insisted that Thomas’s last rehab stint at Narconon had worked for Thomas and she knew he had strong ties there and perhaps he could get Brandon in for treatment.
She told us that Thomas was doing work for the rehab in the form of interventions and getting drug addicts into treatment and that was what Brandon needed.
But at what price?
I wasn’t as worried about the financial price at this point, but rather the thought of owing Thomas after all that he had perpetrated against us was almost as unpalatable as Brandon’s Oxy addiction.
This was all unchartered territory.
It was all uncomfortable.
It all sucked big time.
My pride would take a back seat to Brandon’s needs.
His drug problem was more important than the grudge I was holding over my brother’s drug-induced antics.
I felt like I was selling out.
But somewhere in my heart I guess I had always hoped that Thomas and I would mend the damage between us.
That one day I could forgive.
That one day our families would spend a holiday together, and that holiday would lead to another and eventually things would be as normal as they could be.
Part of me also felt that my older brother was in need of a way to get back in good graces of the family and that maybe I could give this to him by reaching out.
I contacted Thomas in desperation, and he did have the connections to get my son into Narconon, a private rehab program that we couldn’t afford.
We put the word out through some of Brandon’s friends that his Uncle Thomas could help him get into this private rehab if he wanted the help, but Brandon had to want it.
Chapter 22: In Sight of the Bottom About a month had passed since we talked with Thomas and sent the word out to Brandon.
Last we heard, Brandon was about 400 miles south working with a friend.
I wondered what prison would be like for Brandon and wished he were in prison because at least we’d know where he was; he wouldn’t be a drug addict wandering the streets.
Strange irony, that.
Strange feeling it stirred in me, realizing that my intervention to keep Brandon out of prison could backfire so terribly.
Before he got help now, he would need to hit rock bottom.
Hopefully he’d survive it.
Then, one day Thomas called.
Brandon just contacted him from some street corner in a bad part of town outside of San Diego.
Brandon said he was broke, addicted, alone and ready to commit himself to rehab.
Thomas said he had dropped what he was doing and was driving directly to find him, as he knew Brandon might change his mind.
Thomas said that most drug addicts would take every drug they could get their hands on if they knew they were going to rehab, and this was dangerous.
He was off to the rescue!
Thomas called again when he had Brandon in his car, saying while Brandon looked horrible, he was alive and on his way to a detox center, which would be followed by rehab—hopefully.
My brother had connections at this rehab center.
It’s a big one, called Narconon, a non-profit operated by the Church of Scientology, to which my brother belongs.
We are not Scientologists, but honestly I didn’t care who was running the program.
I had heard my fair share of opinions and criticism of this religion but it just didn’t outweigh the other options.
“Honestly,” I told Lisa, “I don’t care if he comes out with a shaved head and a pony tail selling incense at the airport, as long as he comes out clean and sober with the ability to deal with his addiction.” She agreed.
As we put one foot in front of the other, his journey would begin, hour-by-hour followed by a day then a week and hopefully he would embrace the program and discover whatever was causing his self-destructive behavior.
Early on, I had many phone calls and up-dates from the staff of the rehab center as to Brandon’s progress, some good and most bad.
He craved this drug and he would say anything to get it.
He would claim he was in extreme pain and he needed a doctor or anything as an excuse to escape to the outside world.
These counselors had heard it all before; as former drug addicts they had used the same tactics.
He was an adult and could leave the rehab center anytime he wanted, but the staff was well trained in convincing him otherwise.
Everyone I talked to at Narconon had been through the program themselves and were former addicts.
The young man assigned to our son was wonderful.
He explained that he had been through over a dozen programs before this program resolved his cravings and addressed his issues.
He had been clean for six years, and I could only pray for the same result.
He had worked there since he graduated the program and he assured me they would do their best to help Brandon.
The facility where Brandon was staying was nearly a nine-hour drive from our home.
We talked to Brandon on the phone occasionally and every time we did it was as if a cloud was slowly lifting and he was starting to think more clearly.
He seemed to be growing up.
He had never really matured like his younger brother because in his world of drugs he was not living reality.
Easter was rolling around and we planned on visiting him with the family, but only if he completed certain parts of his program by Easter.
If so, he would be allowed a LOA (Leave Of Absence) for the day.
If not, we would have Easter with him at the facility.
He would have been an inpatient for over two months by then, and the Narconon program would keep him as long as they needed until he was ready to graduate or until he left on his own.
We could only hope that Brandon stayed with the program and left only when he had the tools to stay off the dope.
In the meantime, I handled the balance of Brandon’s court appointments with a power of attorney and I dealt personally with Officer White to have his charges dropped.
I appeared in court for Brandon in an environment I wouldn’t wish on my worst enemy.
Young and old alike were escorted into the courtroom, shackled at the hands and ankles in their jail issued orange jump suits.
They shuffled their feet along the ground as they entered the room.
They looked defeated and unhealthy as the officers who escorted them cuffed each one to a chain that ran beneath the benches as they awaited their hearings or sentencing.
I imagined my son in their place.
I wished my son was here to see what could have been.
The audience in the courtroom was a colorful mixture of society’s misfits and their families.
Again I found myself hoping nobody would recognize me or my son’s name plastered for all to see on the hearings notice sheet attached to the courtroom door.
These fatherly duties seemed minimal after what I had already done and I was happy to do this because he was getting the help he needed.
I was still humiliated to be there and to see my last name on the court docket clipboard.
Easter weekend, Lisa, Bryce and I drove over eight hours drive towards Temecula, California, then over a rural road through a desert valley to Werner Springs.
There was no mistaking our destination when we spotted it.
It looked like the recreation yard in the film One Flew Over the Coo Coo’s Nest, as people milled about, stopping and turning to look at us as we entered the parking lot.
The facility itself might have been a roadside migrant worker motel.
People were roaming around the grounds doing everything from raking leaves to just hanging in groups, but each one stopped what they were doing to examine us as we drove in.
We could immediately tell that visitors to this desolate location were rare.
Brandon approached the vehicle with enthusiasm and the brightest broadest smile we have ever seen on his face.
We instantly noticed his weight gain and he proudly announced through our open car window that he was nearing 170 pounds, and he looked healthy for the first time in so many years.
His complexion was clear and his eyes were the bright blue they once were and the whites of his eyes were shinny and clear.
Brandon could hardly wait for us to open the car door and he embraced each of us as if he hadn’t seen us in years.
I know I hadn’t seen him like this in years.
He held me so tightly and so long.
He hadn’t hugged me like that since he was a young child.
Our son shared a 12 by 12 foot room and one bathroom with 3 people.
One of his roommates was my age.
This was no celebrity rehab for sure.
It did have a nice pool area and a sauna, which they used in a detoxification program designed to rid the body of drugs and residue, Brandon explained.
The pool area was the highlight of the facility, but the staff was warm and friendly.
I noticed a bus parked out front, slowly loading with students and staff.
I asked a staffer where they were going, and was surprised when he told me they were headed to a Catholic church for Easter services.
I told him I thought this was a Scientology-based program, to which he replied that, while this was a common misconception, they did not favor or push any religion.
A shame, he stated, as this keeps some people away from a very good rehabilitation center where everyone is allowed to practice whatever religion they wish.
My wife and I had attended Alanon meetings back home and we found them very religious in structure so we expected some Scientology leanings out here in the desert, but found no evidence of any.
Our son proudly toured us around the grounds and introduced us to everyone we passed.
He was so enthusiastic and so different.
Although he was excited to see us, he was calm and collected.
He was respectful to all and excited to show off his family, he seemed to know everyone.
We met many of the people who we spoke with on the phone and got to put their faces with their names.
Every worker we met was a recovering drug addict and a one-time student of Narconon.
People from all walks of life, from all over the country and all ages; it was a mosaic of America’s addicts trying to change their lives.
The longer the students were there, the more naturally they mentored the new arrivals.
After about a half hour visiting the center, the facility had transformed for us— from a roadside dive motel to an oasis of healing.
We took Brandon out to Thomas’s for Easter brunch, about an hour away.
In that hour, a young man, our son, was in our vehicle and he spoke with confidence and newfound wisdom about what he was learning and how he was being taught to apply it to real life situations.
At the brunch, the family watched as this same young man who was the subject of an intervention just a few months earlier, spoke calmly, listened to others and acted like a normal human being.
We could not ignore this massive transformation in just two months as an inpatient.
Lisa and I were thrilled.
Giddy even.
We drove Brandon back to the facility where they immediately drug tested him.
It was routine, and he knew to expect it.
We were allowed to stay until 8 pm and he was not about to let us leave one minute early.
Brandon had been isolated so long; he just wanted to be with us, just to sit on a bench and talk.
Before we left I told him that very few people in this world could say they were in the best place in the world they could be and that was exactly where he was.
I told him that the irony was that the second best place in the world for him would have been prison.
He agreed.
As we prepared to leave we were treated with the same long embrace as when we arrived.
As we drove off down the narrow road, Brandon waved.
Could we really be getting our son back?
We knew at least for now, he was exactly where he should be.
He was far from the streets he once roamed and free from the drugs he once craved.
Chapter 23: The Where, When & Why of Drugs We talked to Brandon as often as he could and we kept in touch with the counselors weekly.
Over the next two months we received calls from our son and his counselor as he was in the part of the program where he was assigned to come clean with his family, acknowledge his behavior, and confess to the many terrible things he had done.
The calls were very hard on us because even though they were necessary, we felt like he was getting so much better and we were getting all this bad news about stuff in the past.
We understood that this was a necessary part of his treatment; he needed to cleanse himself and ask for our forgiveness.
At the end of every confession he would ask if we would accept him back into the family to which we always answered yes!
Every time Brandon called he seemed more mentally clear.
Brandon’s counseling had revealed several things that had caused him to bury himself in drugs and he was learning how to manage those painful experiences.
One big event was when our son received a call from another friend of his while we were away on a family vacation.
The friend told Brandon that his best friend, Tom, had been in a horrible car accident and was near death.
Our son, like Tom, just sixteen years old, was hysterical, and we returned home immediately.
It seemed like half of the high school was holding a vigil at the hospital when we arrived.
Tom was paralyzed from the waist down in the accident.
Car washes were held as fundraisers for this handsome and popular young man whose family had no health insurance.
Tom was always such a bright spot and had an infectious personality.
As time went on Brandon never stopped being his best friend.
At sixteen years old Brandon was helping his young friend with everything from carrying him into a car or up the stairs to helping him on the toilet or into a bath.
They would race down our hallway in the wheelchair laughing and carrying on like nothing was amiss.
Often Tom’s father called to ask if Brandon could come over to help his son through his darker depressed moments and we would always allow it, no matter what time of the day or night.
I was so impressed by Brandon’s mature behavior and his unwavering friendship and love for Tom.
One day Tom’s father called me to thank me for Brandon’s friendship to his son.
He was emotional when he called as he told me that long after the fundraisers, gatherings and phone calls for his son had stopped, only one friend was still calling and visiting and it was Brandon.
I was so very proud of him.
One evening, less than a year later, Brandon cancelled a night out with his friends, including Tom.
He didn't feel like going out.
His wheelchair-bound friend went anyway.
The phone rang late that night with the unbelievable news of another car accident.
This time Tom’s paralyzed body was thrown through the window and he tumbled down the highway to his death.
Brandon was inconsolable.
His best friend was dead.
Brandon blamed himself for not being there to take care of Tom.
One of Brandon’s confessions during rehab was that almost all of his friends decided to get as high as they could to attend Tom’s funeral.
It was the beginning of his excessive drug abuse.
Chapter 24: Let The Healing Begin As Brandon approached his fifth month as a student at Narconon, he called us and told us he was nearing graduation from the program.
He also told us he had applied for an internship at the facility and that he wanted to become a drug counselor.
Brandon told us he wanted to give back and stay on to help others and told us how much better equipped he felt to deal with the world which surrounds us all, but silently haunts a select few.
The counselors at Narconon had such a profound impact on him that he wanted to have the same impact on others.
We felt as though we were getting our son back!
We made the long drive to attend the graduation ceremony with our younger son, Bryce, my mother, my in-laws—who were no longer in the dark— and my brothers.
It was a gathering including all the students and the staff.
Prior to the ceremony we were invited to eat dinner with everyone.
We walked the food line with all who attended, a variety of foods were spooned into our plates and I felt like I was it was chow time in the mess hall.
We were seated close to the front in a crowded cafeteria room.
The room was a scattering of mismatched tables and chairs and old couches that were obviously a collection of donations.
It started with accolades and awards for those early in their treatment and worked its way through the students by their personal achievements inching towards the finale of the three students set to “graduate” tonight.
Everyone who was recognized for reaching a new level of their treatment was welcome to speak if they wished.
Those who were in the program longer were more likely to do so, thanking others (both students and staff) for helping them through their most difficult challenges.
Some were very emotional and some were humorous, all were heartfelt and meaningful descriptions of their individual challenges to reach that next level.
It was clear that everyone here, whether they were staff or student, had the ability to impact anyone they touched.
When the moment arrived for this evening’s three graduates to speak, a young lady in her early twenties walked to the front of the room with her head down.
When she looked up, she smiled nervously.
She had no family present.
She told everyone how her mother told her how ugly she was her whole life and told her she was worthless, how she attempted to numb the pain with the drugs she took.
How she became addicted to the drugs, and prostituted herself to pay for her habit.
She said that she took all the drugs she could because she knew she would never be alive to see her twenty-first birthday.
She smiled and announced that she was now twenty-one.
She thanked one staff member after another and one student after another, each for something specific they had contributed to her healing.
She said she now felt worthwhile, beautiful and confident.
She had learned how to manage the demons in her head.
She was beautiful and it shocked me that she had ever considered anything else and to the point that she tried to destroy herself.
I couldn’t help but compare her in my mind to Ashley.
A young man was next.
He spoke with a Jersey tough guy accent, was animated as he addressed the room, and his posture was that of some hoodlum walking the streets.
He wore a sleeveless white tank top (a wife beater) revealing tattoos covering both his arms and wrapping all the way up around his neck.
It seemed like an unusual choice of clothing given the ceremony and the fact that our son had requested that we bring him a suit, but we were looking across such a diverse room that it actually did fit.
He was warm and friendly and although his appearance shocked me at first, just as our first impression of this facility had, he too won me over.
He had high praise for many of the staff and students and high hopes for what was once a dismal future when he was a drug dealer and an addict.
He admitted that he had started his life as a gang member.
His life of “gang banging” had led him to do unthinkable things to others and also lead him to a life filled with an abundance of drugs.
His drug use had turned into a drug addiction.
He knew he needed to change his life or he would end up dead like many of his associates.
He spoke candidly about how he needed to forget his old acquaintances and of starting a new life away from the influences that once nearly destroyed him.
At the end of his speech, he held his “graduation” plaque proudly in the air to a loud applause.
Our son was last to walk up to the front.
As he stood up, we all held hands in anticipation of his speech.
He looked each of us in the eyes as he fought tears.
He apologized for the damage his addiction had caused.
He looked at his mother and me and apologized for more than I can list.
He repeated many of the apologies’ that he had confessed during his many candid phone calls.
He looked at his little brother Bryce and apologized for disappointing him and endangering him.
He said he was sorry for introducing him to pot so many years before.
He asked for his forgiveness and thanked him for his help and encouragement to get through this program.
He looked at my mother, his grandmother “Grammy” and apologized for putting her through the same nightmare a second time, as she had been through this with my older brother, Thomas.
He looked at Uncle Thomas and thanked him for getting him into a program that saved his life.
He thanked staff members and students by name, as he looked them directly in the eyes.
He made amends to all of us and he unsuccessfully tried to fight back the tears as he continued.
He spoke candidly about all of the lessons he had learned to help him deal with a life without the need for drugs.
He talked about how he had learned to deal with the nightmares and guilt he once drowned in drugs.
I never thought such words of wisdom and reflection would ever come out of his mouth but they did.
We all sobbed uncontrollably as we could now understand what demons he fought and how our son was back.
We could finally understand drug addiction.
A group hug involving our entire family erupted during the ceremony as Brandon finished speaking.
I am sure nobody minded the interruption, as those in all phases of the program were witnessing the healing of a family.
Perhaps it gave them hope as well, and the thought that one day they could hold their loved ones and heal the hurt they had caused.
Individual hugs from Brandon followed for each of us, and I thought he would squeeze me to death.
When he held his mother his face was red with emotion and tears.
One hug stood out and lasted the longest: When Brandon and his brother hugged, it was intense!
It was something for a father and a mother to see, especially given all of the circumstances.
Their embrace looked like complete and total forgiveness in a hug.
They were whole and all the animosity that had built for years drifted away as they held each other so tightly.
They looked like one tangled tree trunk from their feet to their heads.
Their arms were wrapped high around each other’s shoulders and you could barely see their faces.
It was a moment for my wife and me and everyone around us knew how special it was.
Brandon was now over 180 pounds, which filled out his 6’2” frame well.
He was working out daily and they were obviously feeding him well.
Brandon was physically and mentally a different person.
We would later joke that Brandon was so different from the person who we had known as a son these last few years that we should re-name him.
Brandon was accepted to the internship program which would last another 3 months.
First, he returned home for a week to help go through his belongings that we had placed in storage.
We ended up throwing away 90% of this junk, as he really didn’t want much of it anyway.
Rummaging through his old belongings was a grim reminder of his former life.
Brandon eagerly cleansed himself of almost everything and was resolved to start fresh.
His stay at Narconon had also exposed him to a minimalist lifestyle completely unlike his prior existence.
He had learned he didn’t need “things” to prove anything to anybody.
His ex-girlfriend, Tiffanie, met us at the storage unit to claim her belongings.
She looked about twenty pounds heavier and it was good weight.
Tiffanie had been clean and sober since her last relapse in the rehab center.
They smiled at each other and commented on their vast physical changes.
They knew their life as a couple was over and that they had both gone their separate ways, while both going in the same positive direction—off drugs—despite astronomical odds.
The conversation they had was all about sobriety and how wonderful it was to be clean.
They both had big smiles and clear eyes and they looked like a couple of healthy young people, and that is exactly what they were.
I also took the opportunity to arrange a meeting at a Starbucks, a reunion of sorts.
I had stayed in contact with Officer White by e-mailing him updates on Brandon’s progress as a courtesy to him and as a bit of a reward.
I thanked him for busting my son.
Brandon entered rehab about a month after I did the bust so he wasn’t on the streets for long after it all came crashing down.
I think without the bust, he could have got killed for stealing from other drug dealers or been captured in a larger bust that he couldn’t negotiate his way out of.
I knew through our exchange of e-mails that most times he busted someone they ended up repeating the same behavior eventually ending up in prison or dead.
After getting to know the officer I began to realize he was never a bad guy at all as he was just doing a thankless job, often with grim results that left him feeling like his was a fruitless effort to cleanse the streets of dealers and addicts.
When I contacted Officer White and invited him and his Sergeant to meet Brandon and me for coffee he quickly agreed.
The officers were amazed at how healthy Brandon looked and how mature he acted.
Brandon greeted them with a handshake that turned into a hug.
He thanked them.
I think the arrest helped him realize how long the police had been after him and how much they knew about him and that dealers he knew were working for the police.
After rehab when his head was clear, and he knew how close he came to dying or going to prison, I think he respected what the police were doing.
By then, several more of his friends had died from an OD or were in rehab or prison.
We chatted and the officers said that they called Brandon the “one percent kid” due to his progress through recovery.
They also joked about how I was still the talk of the narcotics and uniform officers as this crazy father who went undercover to save his son’s ass.
It was an odd gathering but I know the officers enjoyed it and I know they appreciated that their efforts had a positive result on someone.
While we had Brandon home for this brief time we also attended a family wedding.
The four of us, Brandon, Bryce, Lisa and myself, drove together several hours north to a coastal town in northern California.
We all stayed in the same quaint roadside motel near a popular camping spot called Patrick’s Point.
It was woodsy and cool and we shared a two-bedroom unit with a common kitchen and a family room with a fireplace.
It wasn’t much but it was everything to my wife and me.
We took long walks as a family and we talked like we hadn’t in years, or possibly ever.
We sat by the fireplace and cooked meals together in this tiny motel kitchen.
We hiked one day through the forest and climbed a small mountain where we stood together and looked out at the beauty of the nature that surrounded us.
When your children are young you have many special moments and they pass by so fast because they are so frequent.
People always warn you how fast your children will grow and one day it happens and you realize that you were warned.
When your children get old enough to move out of your home, you have very few opportunities to have special family moments and that makes them even more wonderful.
We returned to our home after the trip and we went to bed late that night.
I woke that morning before my wife and my sons.
I brewed my morning coffee and I walked into Brandon’s room.
I woke Brandon and I handed him one of the drug tests we still had from our failed attempt to rehabilitate him.
It wasn’t because I didn’t trust him--it was because I did.
I believed that every line on that test would indicate he was clean from drugs but I admit that a part of me cringed at the thought of the alternative.
He rose quickly from the same bed that he was in the last time I tested him more than six months before.
Brandon smiled at me as he walked into the bathroom with a proud and confident look, as only he knew the pending outcome.
He finished and sat the testing unit on the counter and he hugged me as if to make up for his last failure.
His test was perfect and my son was home and he was clean from the drugs that once consumed him!
The next day Brandon returned to the Narconon facility to start his three months of internship.
He would learn how to apply the lessons he learned and many more skills he was yet to be taught.
The months went by slowly for him as he worked for no income as interns do.
They fed him and they housed him and they educated him.
He had his ups and downs but he embraced his goal to help others who were afflicted by addiction as he was.
He started in detox, which was fitting, as it is exactly where he began.
It was a dirty job that we knew all too well.
He described how he rubbed the backs of the young men who vomited and comforted them as they reeled in pain from withdrawals.
He remembered the video of himself and the comparison was obvious.
From there Brandon went through every stage of the program as an intern instead of a student.
Brandon even took incoming calls from parents who had children that they were attempting to get into rehab, just as we had called when we were desperate to find our son a place that would help him.
I have also volunteered my time through Narconon to talk to any parent who calls and wants to talk to another parent who has experienced the nightmare they are living.
It is hard for me as they tell me their horrific stories of a life we once lived.
They tell me it is great to talk to someone who understands what they are experiencing as a parent.
Most have no one who can relate so they keep their family secret and they try to figure out what to do just as we did.
I don’t judge them.
My mother used to say, “I’ll always love you, but sometimes I don’t like you.” I now know exactly what she meant, as I felt that often as a father.
Otherwise why would I have done what I did, but for love?
Brandon’s life was worth saving and as ill prepared as I was to help in many ways, I helped in the only way I could.
Our son now works at Narconon full time.
He shares an offsite mobile home with up to six roommates at a time.
They have one bathroom but it doesn’t seem to bother him in the least.
He is happy and he has been drug free for over a year and he lives in a healthy environment.
Ironically, Brandon was working the detox center on the day of his one-year anniversary of sobriety.
Brandon told us that it suddenly struck him as he sat on the bathroom floor comforting a young man as he convulsed and withered in pain.
Brandon was the young man on the floor twelve months ago and he had no idea who comforted him that day but he remembered his compassion well.
He had evolved in a short year from the position of a detoxing addict receiving compassion to the position of a former addict providing compassion.
Brandon is giving back!
Brandon considers the staff and students his second family.
We don’t see Brandon often because he works in the “boonies” many hours away but we talk to him almost every night.
He usually calls us late after his shift ends around 11 pm.
My wife and I put him on the speaker phone when he calls so we can both share his day with him.
He has no car so he walks about one mile back on the shoulder of the narrow country road in Werner Springs as he talks to us.
You can hear the crunching sound of the road’s gravel beneath his feet and imagine the gait of his walk from the delay between the sounds.
The need for material objects is no longer what he desires and either are the drugs he once craved.
We are touched by his compassion, his love and his maturity.
We look forward to his call nightly and when we hear sirens, we feel sorrow for the parents whose visions are what ours once were.
Our entire family welcomes our son back and we all realize that no matter how helpless a situation like drug addiction seems we now know that there is help, professional help.
Most importantly, there is hope where there is love and there is love where there is family.
Within any family and throughout the generations there will be many moments that define you as a person.
If you are a father or a mother now, there was a day when you were a son or a daughter.
Perhaps one day you will become a grandparent.
During all of these periods your experiences and certain moments mold you into who you will be.
It isn’t easy to forget the dark places in your past but you can either learn from them and become a better person or repeat the same behavior and have it slowly destroy you.
I make many mistakes as a father, but I have always tried the best I know how.
Sometimes no matter what a person does as a parent, children may travel to dangerous places.
Some will return from those places unharmed and some may never return.
A family can look perfect from the outside but be quite the opposite on the inside.
I have lived such a life.
I do not know what made me do what I did for my son but I can only surmise that it was a combination of all of the defining moments in my life that lead me to where I am today.
The beginning .
.
.
Epilogue Names were changed in this work of narrative non-fiction to protect the innocent and the not-so-innocent.
Steve and Ashley: I would later find out that Steve posted bail and was busted shortly thereafter for robbery and assault as he pistol-whipped and beat his next victim.
By the time he went to trial for this bust, he had also been busted again for another drug deal.
Steve is now serving five years in prison.
The last I heard about Ashley is that she is prostituting herself to support her drug habit.
NARCONON: Information about Narconon is readily available on the Internet; the official site explains the theories of detoxification, based on the work of L. Ron Hubbard.
Brandon: Sadly, as he neared the 2-year sobriety mark, Brandon relapsed.
I immediately knew just by talking to him over the phone.
I wouldn’t have noticed the changes in his behavior had I not come to know the new sober Brandon after his treatment at Narconon and his subsequent employment at the facility.
Brandon reluctantly agreed to return to Narconon to try to discover “what he had missed” but he didn’t go easily.
Drug addicts are convinced that they can handle the issue themselves and believing that lie could prove deadly for them.
Brandon spent three more months in treatment and is now trying again, living independently in a sober-living environment.
Another defining moment for all of us.
We hope and pray that Brandon will use the tools he has been taught to navigate through this world where drugs and alcohol are abundant and easy to obtain where ever you live and no matter who you are with.
Brandon needs to have the strength and desire to embrace his new healthy body and see the ramifications of destroying himself and his family if he chooses to return to drugs.
About the Author Bradley V. DeHaven is a Financial Planner in Sacramento, California, a husband, and a father of two sons, one of whom is a recovering Oxycontin addict.
Brad is pictured here with Brandon in January 2011; Brandon, age 25, is 55 pounds heavier than the 130 pounds his 6’2” body weighed when he entered rehab.
Brandon still fights the demons that call to him in his darkest moments.
Prescription drug abuse is an epidemic which claims the lives of our youth.
photo by Devin DeHaven, 2011
I hope that this book and the website http://www.rxdrugaddict.comcan help addicts better understand that they are not just destroying themselves but also their family and friends.
I hope they can see that they could have long and productive lives if they chose to feel life instead of numbing it.
I also hope this can help people to think about their defining moments and to never give up on their addicted loved ones.
Expecting someone to just stop being addicted is as absurd as asking someone to stop having cancer.
These addicts need professional help from those who are trained in this field.
We are ignorant and ill prepared to help and understand an addict and that ignorance could be deadly.
We can only pray that these addicts can overcome their addiction and start living a clean and sober life one day at a time.
~Bradley V. DeHaven
Connect with Brad online, and receive his newsletter with updates on Brandon and info about the prescription drug abuse epidemic by signing up here.

﻿A Walk in the Garden
By Karen Guffey
Copyright 2011 Karen Guffey
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
CHAPTER ONE
"Haven't you had enough, Marie?"
"No," she replied, too busy looking around to spare her companion a glance.
"Your father will kill you if you get home past midnight.
And me if he finds out where I've taken you."
"Don't worry, Tom--it's barely 11:00.
We'll leave in half an hour."
Marie was entranced by the music and lights and laughter of the speakeasy.
For months she'd been nagging her cousin Tom to bring her here.
She wasn't quite daring enough to come alone or with a girlfriend; she knew that unescorted women were considered fair game for anything a man might have in mind.
But she'd been dying to be in the middle of the excitement she was always reading about.
"Another drink?"
a waiter asked them.
"I'd like--" "Marie!"
She glanced down her nose at Tom and turned back to the waiter.
"I'll have a Coca Cola."
She shook her head, telling her cousin, "I'm not stupid, Tom--I know how easy it is to get drunk."
She'd had one deliciously forbidden cocktail--alcohol had been illegal for seven years now--but that was enough to satisfy her curiosity and yearning for adventure.
She felt pleasantly lightheaded, but she didn't want to get drunk.
They left at 11:30 as Marie had promised, and Tom was relieved that no one was awake at her house.
Uncle Jefferson was extremely protective of her, trusting her only with Tom himself and with Davis Runyon, her beau.
Tom didn't much trust Davis.
He might not take her to a disreputable place like tonight's speakeasy, but Tom thought that Davis was a cold opportunist who saw Marie as part of a package deal--a high position in a successful company, a powerful father-in-law, a rich society wife.
Tom could barely stand to be in the same room with him.
An only child, he'd always considered Marie more a sister than a cousin.
He'd adored her all his life, and that made it virtually impossible for him to refuse her anything--like an evening at a speakeasy.
But it also made him very protective of her.
Marie fell asleep that night dreaming of Davis.
He was tall and handsome, just like the heroes in the books she loved to read.
His only flaw was that he preferred making money to having fun.
She giggled sleepily as she thought of how horrified he'd be if he ever found out where she'd been tonight.
But then, he had to be careful if he wanted her father's approval.
Her father was very strict, and he would never let her marry a man who was frivolous.
But after they were married .
.
.
she gave a small sigh of pleasure, imagining herself doing the Charleston with Davis and going to parties--and maybe even traveling to Hollywood!
That was her big dream.
She longed to see Douglas Fairbanks and Mary Pickford, to experience firsthand the fantasy of the picture shows.
Marie was dressed by 10:00 the next morning, anticipating a day of shopping.
Adjusting her hat a bit, she tapped at her father's office door.
"Yes?"
She opened the door.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Father.
I thought you were alone."
"That's all right, my dear.
Mr. Lawson and I were just concluding our business."
He stood, addressing the young man who'd risen when Marie entered.
"I don't believe you've met my daughter.
Marie, this is Daniel Lawson.
He's just bought that piece of land I'd intended to use for a warehouse a few years ago."
Daniel smiled at Marie, shaking the hand she'd extended.
"It's nice to meet you, Miss Tranton."
"Likewise, Mr.
Lawson."
"I'll have my lawyer send you the papers, Mr. Lawson," Jefferson Tranton said.
He showed his guest out and then returned to kiss his daughter's cheek before sitting down behind his desk.
"You look lovely this morning, my dear."
"Thank you.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
I didn't think you were going to be doing business at home this morning."
"Young Lawson is eager to close the deal as quickly as possible.
Says he's going to build two houses on that property.
Not a good location for houses, in my opinion, but who can tell young people anything these days?
I hear that he bought two other pieces of land last month.
Bad investment, in my opinion.
Ought to invest in the stock market."
He smiled at his daughter.
"Never mind, my dear.
What plans do you have today?"
"I'm going shopping.
Do you have any pocket change to spare?"
She received a nice allowance, but she knew she could always count on her father for a little extra.
"Let's see."
He took out his wallet and pulled out a ten.
"How's this?"
"Thank you, Father."
She kissed the top of his head.
"Who are you going shopping with?"
"No one, but I'm meeting Mother for lunch.
Good-bye."
She headed for the door.
"Marie, you know that I don't approve of your going out alone."
"Father," she sighed, turning to face him, "I'm 23 years old.
That's certainly old enough to go into town alone."
"Not for a decent young woman.
Where's your mother?"
"At a committee meeting."
She actually would rather go shopping with her mother than alone.
Her mother had wonderful taste but still never tried to talk her out of some of the more outlandish items she wanted to try.
They always had a good time together, and Marie had been disappointed to find her mother gone when she awoke.
"Call Tom then," Mr. Tranton suggested.
"He's playing golf.
Really, Father, I'll be fine.
There's nothing-" "Why don't I take you?"
Marie whirled around to see Davis in the doorway.
"Would you?"
she breathed, thrilled at the prospect of spending the day in her beau's company.
He usually worked on Saturday mornings.
"If you like."
He smiled at Jefferson.
"Your father and I were going to discuss business this morning, but--" "But I think it's much more important for Davis to take you shopping.
Go ahead, young man--we can put business off for a few hours."
Marie hung onto Davis' arm as they walked out to his automobile.
"Thank you for taking me.
I haven't seen you since Tuesday!"
"And you've missed me?"
"Terribly."
Her heart flipped over as he kissed her hand.
He drove her to Boston’s finest dress shop, sitting down to smoke and read the newspaper as she tried on clothes.
"What do you think?"
she asked, turning slowly in front of him.
"Very nice."
"But do you really like it?
I don't have anything this color, but I like it."
It was called blue lotus and was the predominant color in an Egyptian motif.
She and her mother had attended a fashion show two weeks ago, and she'd loved the Egyptian patterns on the mannequins who'd modeled them.
But the mannequins were thin women, and although she was slender, she had too many curves to be fashionable.
Binding her breasts helped a little, but it was hard to hide her hips and derriere.
And she was rather petite, which didn’t help matters.
Davis smiled at her in the ugly, shapeless dress.
"It's very pretty.
But how could it not be, with you wearing it."
She blushed, pleased with his compliment.
Deciding that the dress would be perfect with the scarab-shaped gold and turquoise choker Davis had given her for her birthday, she went to try on two other dresses.
But now she liked the Egyptian pattern so much that the others didn't appeal to her.
Maybe she could find a similar motif in a different color at another shop.
Changing back into her own dress and straightening the seams on her stockings, she emerged with the blue lotus on her arm.
"I'd like this, please," she told the saleslady, reaching into her purse.
"I'll buy it for you, darling."
Davis took out his wallet.
"Thank you, but Father gave me some money."
"Save it for something else."
He laid some bills on the counter.
"I love buying you pretty things."
Her heart fluttered.
"Thank you."
He drove her to a café downtown.
"My business with your father shouldn't take longer than two or three hours.
You and I can have dinner afterwards and still have plenty of time to do something else.
What would you like to do?"
She started to reply, but the waiter arrived then with her salad and his roast beef.
Picking up her fork, she told Davis, "Dancing.
Can we go dancing?"
"Mmm."
He swallowed a bite of his meat.
"Did you have any place special in mind?"
"No.
Any place we can dance."
She toyed with her salad.
"Since we've been seeing each other for a while now, can I .
.
.
would it be all right for me to tell you .
.
.
a secret?
Something personal?"
He gazed at her, intrigued.
"What is it?"
She dropped her own gaze.
"The reason I like dancing so much is that I like you to hold me."
He smiled at the pretty rosiness in her cheeks.
Taking her hand, he leaned close to whisper, "One day--one day soon--I plan to arrange things so that I can hold you all night long."
Her blush deepened.
She understood his allusion, and although she wasn't ignorant of what the marriage bed involved, she had no firsthand experience at all.
And Davis wasn't some adolescent boy trying to touch what he shouldn't; he was her Prince Charming, and he'd all but proposed marriage to her.
Daringly she entwined her fingers with his and raised her eyes to smile into his.
The evening was magic.
Marie and Davis had dinner alone at the Locke-Ober Café, Boston's most exclusive restaurant, and then he took her dancing at a private club where she'd never been.
It overlooked the Charles River, and when they left the club, they strolled along the river.
It was a warm, clear April evening, a night right out of a romance novel.
"Thank you, Davis," Marie said, squeezing his arm.
"For what?"
"For this evening.
It's been perfect."
"I think so too.
Well, almost."
"Almost?"
He stopped, turning to face her.
They were in the dappled shadows of early blossoms, and he drew her into his arms to kiss her gently.
Marie's heart pounded as she kissed him back.
His kisses were rare, so she savored each one, clinging to him and hoping that it would go on forever.
But he ended this one all too soon, raising his head to gaze down into her sparkling eyes.
"I love you," he whispered, pressing his lips to her forehead.
Those words were even rarer than his kisses; she'd heard them only twice before.
"I love you too, Davis."
Caught up in the evening's enchantment, she gazed up into his eyes, hoping he'd kiss her again.
But Davis stepped back and turned to draw her arm through his, grinding his teeth.
He wanted to throw her to the ground and tear off her clothes, and every time he was alone with this beautiful ingénue, his self-control took a tremendous beating.
All that made him maintain it was the knowledge that her father would kill him if he laid a finger on her before marriage.
He glanced at his watch; he'd get Marie home by midnight and then spend a couple of hours at Mae's establishment.
"Now it is a perfect evening."
Marie smiled.
"Every night in Hollywood must be like this."
He laughed.
"What makes you think that?"
"Hollywood is so romantic.
And so exciting--dancing and parties and movie stars--we could have dinner with Pickford and Fairbanks and watch them film their pictures .
.
.
I imagine there are always lights and music in the streets .
.
."
"You have quite an imagination."
"Could we go there sometime?
You and I?"
He smiled down at her.
"An island cruise would be much nicer, I'm sure.
In fact, I think it would make a lovely honeymoon trip."
If her heart did one more somersault today, it was going to fall right into her stomach.
Marie and Davis spent the next day with her family, and he promised to take her out for dinner and dancing again next Saturday.
She suspected that he might propose soon.
"What do you think about a September wedding, Mother?"
Marie asked as they had lunch alone together Friday.
Mrs. Tranton looked up in surprise.
"Has Davis proposed?"
"No, of course not--you know that I would have come screaming to you right away."
She smiled at her mother over her teacup.
"Then why are you considering a September wedding?"
"I think he'll propose soon.
Don't you?"
Mrs. Tranton managed to maintain a pensive expression for a few seconds but then smiled at her daughter.
"Yes.
And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
"Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
"You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
"I have to confess that I was.
Still am."
He offered his employer a slight smile.
"You and I have discussed this before, but never officially.
I would like to do so now.
Marie and I have been seeing each other for nearly eight months now, sir--" "Davis, my boy, no need to be so formal.
I know your intentions.
I even helped design them."
He chuckled at his own joke.
"You want to marry my daughter."
"Yes, sir."
He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket.
"I bought this two weeks ago."
He handed Jefferson a small box.
The older man opened it.
"Lovely, lovely."
It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
"I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"
"You're very generous indeed, sir.
And Marie deserves the best."
"Are you referring to the ring or yourself?
No, no--just a joke, son."
He returned the box to Davis.
"My permission is a foregone conclusion.
I'd dismiss you from the company if you didn't marry her."
He chuckled again, taking two cigars from a box beside his chair and handing Davis one.
"My plans certainly can't be a secret to you--or to anyone else, for that matter.
Ever since my own son betrayed me .
.
."
He scowled at the cigar between his fingers, pained as always by the thought of his son.
John had refused to let his father groom him for his company and had instead started a rival company.
There was no real rivalry--John's company was too small and had too little capital--but the betrayal still hurt Jefferson deeply.
"My only son turned his back on me," he continued, "leaving me in need of an heir.
You have the stuff it takes to run a business, Davis.
And I believe in keeping the business in the family, so when I made you vice president, it was with the assumption that I'd be grooming a son-in-law as well as the future president of the company."
He rose, extending his hand.
"You most certainly have my blessing, my boy.
I'll give you my daughter's hand in marriage as soon as she and her mother can make all the arrangements--although that may take a bit longer than you might imagine, I'm afraid."
"Thank you, sir--thank you very much."
Davis shook his future father-in-law's hand.
"I love my daughter dearly, but she can be quite a handful.
A lot of romantic notions in her head, you know.
That's why I keep such a tight rein on her, and I advise you to do the same.
Of course, I'm sure that once she's married, she'll settle down and realize that life isn't like those picture shows and books that fill her mind with wild ideas."
"I'm sure you're right, sir."
Davis had no intention of letting her get away with the things her father did.
Of course, she had the old man fooled, but Davis wasn't so easily deceived.
Marie could tell that something was in the air that day.
Her father and Davis kept exchanging looks over lunch, and they didn't shoo her and her mother from the table right after lunch so that they could discuss business.
She suspected that Davis had something special planned for that evening, and when she caught her mother's glance over their teacups, she knew right away that her mother shared her suspicions.
He took her to a French restaurant in the Back Bay, not far from her house.
"Is your veal good?"
he asked her after sampling his own.
"Delicious.
And yours?"
"Fine."
He seemed preoccupied, so she just concentrated on enjoying her food, the candlelight, and the music.
The restaurant was a perfect choice.
She just hoped he was taking her dancing after dinner.
"Ready for dessert?"
Davis asked her as the waiter removed their plates.
"Not now, thank you.
I don't want to be too full for dancing.
We are going dancing, aren't we?"
"If you like.
But I'd still like you to have some dessert."
He reached into his breast pocket.
"Maybe a bite of yours."
"No.
This is all for you."
He held the box out to her.
Her heart began to race.
So this was the night!
Wanting to prolong the moment as long as possible, she asked him, "What is it?"
"Open it and see."
She took it, glancing at his face as she raised the lid.
The sapphire immediately caught the light, and she gasped.
"This is beautiful!"
He reached out to take her hand.
"Marie, will you marry me?"
She gazed at him for a moment before crying, "Yes!"
and throwing her arms around his neck.
Gently disengaging her arms, he took the ring from the box and slid it onto her finger.
"I love you, Marie."
"I love you too."
Marie walked and danced on air that evening.
Davis had kissed her after putting the ring on her finger, and then he'd taken her to the same club they'd gone to the previous week.
They ran into some friends of hers, and she introduced him as her betrothed.
And he kissed her twice more--once as he helped her into his automobile when they left the club and again when he said goodnight to her.
Now that they were betrothed, maybe he'd kiss her all the time.
CHAPTER TWO
"Lauri says to be there by 7:30 tomorrow night.
We'll eat about 8:00."
Rick sighed.
"Ted .
.
."
"Don't worry--you'll like Sharon.
She hates being set up as much as you do."
Ted grinned at his friend.
Rick leaned back in his desk chair.
"Then why did she agree to it?"
"Because Lauri's as good at badgering as I am.
See you tomorrow."
Rick shook his head as Ted left his office.
He knew his friend meant well, but he despised fix-ups.
The last time he'd gone to Ted and Lauri's, Lauri had spent fifteen minutes scolding him for letting his date go home alone.
She'd been a nice enough girl, but she'd had her own car at dinner, and it would have been totally ridiculous for him to offer to drive her home.
According to Lauri, however, Beth would have accepted the offer and returned later to get her car, just for the chance to be alone with him.
He was glad then that he hadn't offered.
How could he respect a woman who would do something so silly?
Restless now, Rick began wrapping up for the day.
He’d been a junior vice president at Ward and Lee Realty since 2008, a position that involved a great deal of paperwork.
Sometimes he missed spending the entire day visiting properties and dealing, but the behind-the-scenes work had its own challenges.
Besides, on the occasions that he did the actual dealing, it was always a prime piece of real estate and clients who were rich or famous or both.
Boston was a terrific place to be a realtor.
Just after 7:00 Rick drove onto his own little bit of Boston in the Back Bay.
He'd had his house built on a beautiful acre that was located on the southeast edge of the area inhabited by Boston's elite.
Real estate prices there were outrageous, but Rick, with his connections and eye for property, had gotten this parcel for next to nothing.
It was only a few blocks from the downtown area and considered too close for comfort by true members of the upper class.
But for Rick it was perfect.
Both his office and his neighbors were close but not too close, and he had a beautiful lawn in the front and a large patio and flower garden in the back.
Rick smiled as he walked into his kitchen, loosening his tie.
Lauri moaned every time she walked into the garden.
What a waste, she always sighed, looking at him with reproach.
A woman would love having that garden, but what did a man know about flowers?
Truthfully, he knew very little, Rick mused as he set his cartons of Chinese on the counter and went to change clothes.
He just knew that he enjoyed their beauty and scent.
But he could never admit that to Lauri; she'd accuse him of being a romantic.
He really was, deep down, he supposed.
But he'd had so many bad experiences that he was rapidly becoming something of a cynic.
He'd thought he'd been in love with Sabrina, but she'd been too demure, too clingy.
He'd begun feeling smothered.
Gina had talked of nothing but marriage from their fifth or sixth date until he'd broken up with her.
She'd sobbed and told him over and over how much she loved him and begged him not to break up with her.
A month later he'd read of her engagement to another man.
He'd actually proposed to Kim, but once she had the ring, all she'd wanted to talk about was what pieces she was going to buy to refurnish the house and at which resorts they were going to spend their summers and how much of his money was in the bank and how much in land investments.
He'd broken up with her six weeks after proposing.
He'd never gotten the ring back, of course.
He was lonely.
Rick sighed, setting down the carton of fried rice and leaning back.
That was why he’d been foolish enough to ask Kim to marry him, he now realized.
He was much more cautious now.
In fact, Ted said he’d gone to the opposite extreme.
But he’d finally realized that there were worse things than being lonely.
He wouldn’t have been lonely if he’d married Kim or Gina or Sabrina, but he wouldn’t have been happy.
Even sex was no longer enough to motivate him to get into a relationship like those.
He wanted someone he could be completely at ease with.
He wanted someone he could relax with when he came home from work, not someone he had to work to please.
All his married buddies told him he was dreaming, that marriage was a strain, a series of trade-offs.
But he couldn’t help hoping there was something better than that.
Or at least someone he could love so much that he wouldn’t even notice the trade-offs.
Rick had planned to go to the office for a while the next morning, but his friend Dirk called to challenge him to a couple of games of racquetball.
"Didn't wake you up, did I?"
Dirk asked as they warmed up.
"No--I was in bed reading the paper."
"I was in bed too--and desperately needed to get out.
Thanks for the rescue."
Rick shook his head.
Dirk, at 28 three years younger than Rick, was as leery of marriage as Rick, but for different reasons.
He liked having a variety of women to choose from, frequently juggled more than one relationship--if you could call them that--at once, and sometimes seemed to enjoy getting caught at it so that he could put his charm to a real test.
"I ran into Kim the other day."
Dirk hit the ball.
"Kim who?"
Rick had to run to get it.
Dirk missed it.
"Kim.
You know--your Kim."
Rick glanced at him.
"Kim Logan?"
His ex-fiancée.
"She isn't my Kim--not any more."
It had been over a year since they'd broken up.
"Yeah.
So I thought maybe she could be my Kim.
I ran into her at lunch downtown, and I invited her out for drinks that evening.
She's good, Rick.
It was the first time I'd been alone with her--you know, without you and my own date--and it took her less than ten minutes to figure out that I'm not exactly the marrying type.
I still don't know how I gave myself away.
It was a first."
"What happened?"
"She turned cool seven or eight minutes into the conversation, finished her drink, said thank you, and left."
"She knows what she wants.
I suppose you have to give her credit for that."
That conversation left a bad taste in Rick's mouth, and he arrived at Ted and Lauri's that evening feeling wary.
"Hi--I'm glad you said to dress casually," Rick greeted Ted, shrugging out of his coat.
"I hate to get dressed up when it's raining."
"Sharon insisted.
She said set-ups are awkward enough without all the formality."
He hung Rick's coat in the closet.
"I might like this girl after all.
Where is she?"
"Not here yet."
"Hi, Rick," Lauri called from the kitchen.
"Hi--what's for dinner?"
"Steak, baked potato, and salad--chocolate cake for dessert.
Sharon insisted we keep it simple."
Rick smiled, accepting the cup of tea Ted had known he'd want.
"I'm liking this girl better and better."
She arrived five minutes later, and Rick's earlier impressions held.
She was pretty and slender, friendly but just reticent enough to convince him he wasn't being pursued.
"Lauri says you're a paralegal," Rick said as they sat sipping tea and coffee before dinner.
"Yeah--in Charlestown."
"Is that where you live?"
"No--I live in the North End.
It's not a bad drive unless the traffic is really bad."
The conversation was enjoyable, the dinner delicious, and Rick was glad he'd come.
"Nice girl, huh?"
Ted whispered as Rick and Sharon were putting on their coats.
"Yeah--I like her."
"Good.
Make me the best man."
"Ted .
.
. "
"Sorry, sorry--I couldn't resist."
He smiled over at Sharon, who'd been talking to Lauri.
"Thanks for coming.
It's been a great evening."
"I really enjoyed it too.
Thanks for having me."
She smiled up at Rick.
"And it was nice meeting you."
"You too.
Let me walk you to your car."
Sharon smiled at Rick again when Ted and Lauri closed the door behind them.
"This is the first time I've actually walked out of a fix-up without breathing a sigh of relief."
"I know what you mean."
"It's usually so awkward, even if the guy is nice.
But I felt comfortable tonight.
I had a good time."
"So did I."
Rick opened her car door.
"If you were into racquetball, I'd invite you out for a couple of games tomorrow.
How about tennis--do you like tennis?"
"Afraid not.
I'm not much of an athlete."
"How about brunch and a movie then?"
"That sounds great."
Rick felt good about the evening and was looking forward to seeing Sharon again the next day.
The only down side was the report that Ted would expect Monday morning.
"How'd things go yesterday?"
was the greeting he got at exactly 8:47 Monday morning.
"Fine.
I read and napped, watched a little TV.
I'm all rested up."
Ted dropped into the chair in front of Rick's desk.
"What are you talking about?
Sharon told Lauri that you guys went out."
"We did."
"Then what's all this business about resting?
I want to hear about you and Sharon."
"She's a nice girl.
We had a good time."
"So do you think it'll go anywhere?"
"Probably to another date.
What is this, Ted--are you and I two teenage girls?"
"No .
.
.
but I have to report back to Lauri.
What--you think all of this set-up business is my idea?"
He shook his head, leaning back.
"Just wait.
If one of these set-ups ever works out, you'll see what it's like when your wife hounds you to pump your best friend for information."
"That really inspires me to want to get married."
The phone rang, and Ted left as Rick picked it up.
“Ward and Lee Realty.” “Hi.
What’re you doing?” “Working.
How come you’re not?”  His sister Teri was an office manager in Charlestown.
“I am.
I meant to call you last night and forgot.
I wanted to tell you about a party we’re having in two weeks, and I don’t want you to say I didn’t give you time to find a date.” “Who—you and Jeremy?” “No—it’s a benefit for the children’s hospital.”  She was on the board.
“It’s a 1920s theme dance.
We’re going to dress up in period clothes and dance the Charleston.
It’s going to be a lot of fun.” “Hmmm.” “Really.
I’m going to drop a book off at your office some time today.
It’s got pictures of people from the ‘20s, so you can get an idea of how to dress.” “Aren’t we still having dinner Thursday?” “Yeah.
But I don’t want you to use not having enough time to plan as an excuse.”  In the last few months, she’d tried to fix him up two or three times.
Whenever she showed a friend a picture of her gorgeous brother, the girl would immediately ask to be set up.
But Rick had refused every time.
She hoped that getting him to commit to the benefit dance would at least force him to ask someone out.
She knew he was lonely, and she couldn’t stand seeing him shut himself off from any prospect of a relationship.
Rick would probably have refused to go if he hadn’t met Sharon this weekend.
He didn’t feel particularly attracted to her, but she was a nice girl, and that was a big improvement over his last few experiences.
That evening he went out to the garden with the book Teri had given him.
Sharon had been enthusiastic about the dance when he’d called to invite her.
He’d told her he’d lend her the book, but she said that she already had some ideas about finding a drop-waist dress and a cloche hat.
Personally, he thought the clothes were rather ugly.
The dresses were shapeless, and the men’s pants were baggy.
And he certainly wasn’t going to wear a raccoon coat.
He turned the page, noticing the stockings for the first time.
He squinted at one pair of legs.
There was a crossword puzzle design on them!
He turned the page, wondering if he could get away with wearing pleated pants.
He had .
.
.
a picture caught his eye.
It was a large one of a family of four, all of them looking very sober with the exception of the daughter, a very beautiful young woman with a slight smile and a twinkle in her eye.
She had dark hair and eyes and long, slender fingers.
Her ugly dress hid the rest, but he could easily imagine that her figure matched her face.
Looking at the caption, he saw that her name was Marie Tranton and that she’d been born in 1904.
He looked for the date of the picture and found that it had been taken in 1926.
So she was 22 in this picture.
Hmmm .
.
.
he would have thought that most 22 year olds in the 1920s would be married.
Especially a girl as beautiful as this one.
But Tranton was her family name, so she apparently wasn’t.
Scanning the text on the page opposite the picture, he found a little information about her.
She’d gotten married at 23—a year after the picture had been taken.
And she’d died in 1941.
So young!
She’d been only 37.
Wondering what she’d died of, he turned the page and found more information about her.
"Jefferson Tranton handpicked Davis Runyon, heir to the Runyon publishing empire, as a husband for his daughter.
Chandler Runyon had sold the business when his son was 19 years old so that, in actuality, Davis Runyon was heir only to the family fortune and to the power of wealth, not to the power of position.
Eager for such, he courted both the young woman and her father.
Tranton and his son had had a falling out when the younger Tranton had begun his own company in 1925, and because he had disinherited his son, Tranton began grooming Runyon to run his company as well as to become his son-in-law.
In February 1927 Runyon became vice president of the import/export enterprise, and seven months later he married Tranton's daughter.
"The marriage was apparently an unhappy one.
Marie, who had, in her youth, had a reputation as a vibrant, fun-loving, somewhat mischievous girl, was rarely seen in public after her marriage.
Reports suggest that she was a victim of spousal abuse.
The official cause of her death in 1941 was an infection contracted during the birth of her youngest child.
However, that child was born in 1936, so it is highly unlikely that she had a terminal infection for five years.
Rumors at the time suggested that her husband had transmitted a venereal disease to her."
Rick was shocked.
He had a hard time picturing the young woman in the picture as a victim.
Of course, even today women stayed with men who abused them, and it would have been much harder for a woman in the 1920s to escape.
But why had she married him?
Had she not seen what type of man he was?
He turned back to the picture.
The article had said that she’d been vibrant and fun-loving in her youth, and he could see those qualities in her eyes.
He would have liked to have known her.
Well, before her marriage, anyway.
He’d bet that she’d been a lot less complicated than the women he knew.
And she was so beautiful.
Rick went to bed without having decided anything about an outfit for the dance.
But for some reason, the young woman from the 1920s was still very much on his mind.
CHAPTER THREE
"I said no!"
Marie stared at her betrothed.
All she wanted to know was why they couldn't at least have dinner together tonight.
He'd said he had to work, but it was Friday, and he had to eat anyway.
But her persistence had made him lose his temper, and now she was rapidly losing hers.
"I'm sorry having dinner with me is such a burden on you," she snapped, turning to leave.
Davis grabbed her arm, pulling her around to face him.
"Don't talk to me like that!"
"You shouted at me!"
"You deserved it."
She glared at him, trying to wrench her arm free.
"You're hurting me."
"Maybe that will remind you not to talk back to me."
He released her with a slight shove and turned to stalk off.
Marie's anger dissolved into pain, and she hurried to her room to hide her tears.
She and Davis had been betrothed for just over five weeks, and during the last couple of weeks he'd lost his temper with her twice.
Three times counting tonight.
She didn't understand.
Up until the last couple of weeks, he'd almost always been sweet and considerate.
He had never been unkind to her before they'd become betrothed.
Of course, both times before when he'd shouted at her, he'd come to her to-- "Marie?"
Davis called as he tapped on her door.
"Darling, I'm sorry.
Please come out for a minute."
She went to open the door.
"You hurt my feelings.
And you hurt my arm."
"I'm sorry.
I'm under a lot of pressure at work, and I took it out on you."
He took her hand and raised her arm so that he could kiss it where he'd squeezed it.
"Better?"
"Yes," she breathed.
He'd never kissed her arm before.
When he was gone, she dropped onto her bed with a smile.
But it slowly became a frown.
She was beginning to think she didn't understand her betrothed at all.
She'd never seen him get angry before he’d proposed.
And she'd thought that being betrothed would mean they'd spend more time together, but they were actually spending less time together.
He had dinner with her family two or three times a week, but he and her father always retired to her father's study for the rest of the evening.
And they'd only gone out alone twice.
Considering the pattern of the past five weeks, Marie was thrilled when Davis told her that he was taking her out to dinner the next Friday evening.
But it turned out to be completely unlike the night of their betrothal.
Davis was in an abominable mood, complaining about the food, the service, even the color of the tablecloth.
And he was too tired to go dancing after dinner.
"Can we at least go for a walk by the river?"
Marie asked as they left the restaurant.
"I'm not up to it.
I happen to have put in a long day of work while you were out with your friends.
There's more to life than parties and shopping, Marie."
"I'm sorry."
Partly for him but mostly for herself.
What would he say if he knew that she sometimes went to a speakeasy?
He'd probably kill her.
Davis, having missed the irony in her tone, took her hand.
"Why don't we go back to your house and listen to the radio?"
That idea appealed to her very much.
Her parents were out, so she and Davis would be alone.
Normally, she wouldn't dare be alone at home with a man--her father would be furious.
But he trusted Davis with her.
They sat close together holding hands as they listened to a mystery program.
Marie wasn't paying attention.
She was trying to think of a way to get Davis' arm around her.
Or her head on his shoulder.
Preferably both.
Maybe .
.
.
She yawned.
Her eyelids began to droop.
Her head nodded.
It grazed Davis's shoulder.
He looked down at her.
"Are you sleepy?"
"A little."
He put his arm around her, drawing her head onto his shoulder.
"I guess it's a good thing we didn't go dancing."
"Mmm."
She snuggled up against him, smiling smugly.
He squeezed her closer, burying his nose in her hair.
"Your hair smells nice."
"Thank you."
He'd never held her pressed so close to him.
He'd been careful—he knew what her father expected of him.
A virgin on their wedding night .
.
.
but then she'd be his to do with as he pleased.
September 18 .
.
.
three months away.
He had to have at least a small sample now.
Tilting her chin up, he smiled at her.
"You're beautiful, Marie."
She caught her breath, unable to respond.
To her delight, she saw that he was going to kiss her.
She closed her eyes, savoring the anticipation and then the sweetness of his lips on hers.
When, after a few seconds, he didn't end the kiss, her heartbeat sped up.
He'd never kissed her this long before.
But her eyes flew open when she felt his hand slide under her skirt to squeeze her thigh.
Panicking, she tried to push him away.
But he pinned her against the back of the sofa, his mouth becoming rough.
She tried to break away from him because he was kissing her so hard that her teeth were cutting into her lips; she could taste the blood.
But he wouldn't let her go.
And then he pushed his tongue into her mouth, and shock and disgust fused with the pain to give her the strength to shove him away.
Marie could only stare at him as she raised trembling fingers to her bruised and bleeding lips.
Davis was breathing hard.
She didn't take her eyes off him as he stood up.
"Make sure your mother tells you what your duties are once we're married."
He strode out of the house, heading for Mae's.
Marie stared after him.
She knew about sex.
But-but .
.
.
she'd thought it would be something pleasant.
Was the harshness of his kiss indicative of what sex would be like?
She couldn't sleep that night.
After tossing and turning for hours, she got up and took a long bath.
By the time she'd dressed, it was dawn.
She was restless, but she didn't know what she wanted to do.
Finally she decided to go for a walk in the garden to see if the quiet stroll would help her sort out her thoughts and feelings.
Davis seemed like a different man since they'd become betrothed.
He didn't have much time for her, and when they were together, he shouted at her.
But he always apologized.
Maybe that was part of being a wife--letting him take out his frustrations on her.
Marie stepped carefully around an azalea bush.
It was so foggy this morning that she could barely see three feet ahead.
Plucking one of the magenta blossoms, she raised it to her nose as she continued her stroll and her thoughts.
She loved being held.
Last night was the first time he'd held her except when they were dancing and during their brief kisses.
And she'd had to trick him into it.
Didn't he like holding her?
That was a silly idea—he loved her.
And he certainly liked kissing her.
Marie frowned.
Last night’s kiss hadn't been pleasant at all.
It had hurt.
Was that what married kisses were like?
Her mother had told her that Davis would have a harder time controlling himself now that they were betrothed.
Maybe he'd just lost control of himself.
Was that a patch of marigolds?
She didn't remember any marigolds in the garden.
She must have been strolling around the garden for at least an hour, and it was so foggy .
.
.
could she have wandered into the neighbors' garden by mistake?
She retraced her steps, but everything looked even less familiar than the marigolds.
She knew there were no white roses in their garden.
She was sure that the house was in this direction.
The pond should be right over there .
.
.
but it wasn't.
Jittery, she stopped to try to get her bearings.
She couldn't have gotten lost in her own garden!
She'd just gotten turned around.
Listening carefully, she could detect the sound of splashing water.
So the pond must be over that way .
.
.
although she didn't know why there would be splashing.
She could worry about that when she got there.
She slowed down as the splashing grew louder.
There was no pond here.
The water was .
.
.
the water was coming out of the mouths of stone frogs and splashing over stone flowers.
~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~
Rick gazed at his white roses as he sipped his morning tea.
He’d planted them himself.
He thought that his garden looked rather old-fashioned—maybe the way it had looked in the 1920s, he mused, smiling.
His mind had been wandering to the 1920s a lot lately.
He and Sharon had had a good time at Teri’s dance, and the stereotypical costumes—drop-waist dresses, cloche hats, raccoon coats—had made him wonder what life had been like for Marie Tranton before she’d gotten married.
Had she gone to lots of dances and parties?
He wondered what radio programs she’d enjoyed and if maybe she’d preferred to read.
Sighing, Rick rose to go inside.
He didn’t feel like being alone all day.
Maybe he’d call Dirk and go play racquetball.
Or maybe— He stopped and turned around, hearing footsteps.
Footsteps?
Who would be out here?
A neighbor's child, maybe?
He decided to investigate, although the fog made it difficult.
To his knowledge, no children had ever come here, but he wanted to be sure that no one was trampling the flowers.
He almost ran into the girl looking at his fountain.
"Excuse me.
The fog is so bad that I almost didn't see you."
She was so glad to see somebody.
"I seem to be lost.
Can you point me in the direction of the large white house with four columns that faces Meadows Street?” Rick stared at the girl.
If he didn’t know better .
.
.
no, that was silly.
Marie pressed her lips together, looking away from his stare.
“Can you help me, sir?” “Ummm, Meadows Street?”  She was wearing a drop-waist dress in an odd design, and her hair was curled tight at the ends and flattened.
“Yes.
Do you know the house?” “No.
What’s your name?” “Marie Tranton.
My father is Jefferson Tranton.” Rick blinked as everything went dark for a second.
This wasn’t possible.
Someone was playing a joke on him.
His silence was making her uncomfortable.
"If you could just point me toward Meadows Street .
.
."
He swallowed.
“Do you know what year this is?” She frowned.
“What year?” “Yes.
You know, 1850, 1875, 1900 .
.
.
This year is ...” “1927.” Rick groaned, dropping his head into his hands.
Things like this only happened in science fiction books.
Marie took a step backwards.
“I-I should see if I can find my way home.” “Wait.
Listen—I think you’re more lost than you realize.” “What do you mean?” How could he tell her what he couldn’t believe himself?
“I-I want to show you something.
Come read my newspaper.” “We have our own.”  She turned to escape.
He caught her wrist.
“Wait.
I’m not going to hurt you.
You-you don’t know how to get home, do you?”  When she didn’t respond, he said, “Just come look at my newspaper.
You don’t have to come inside.
Just sit on my veranda, and when the fog lifts, we’ll-we’ll see if we can find your house.” Afraid of becoming even more lost, she hesitantly followed him to some chairs and perched on the edge of one.
The man ran inside, and before she could decide whether it was better to wait or leave, he’d returned with a newspaper.
Marie read one headline: "Obama Popularity Index Declining."
Neither the words nor the picture meant anything to her.
Then she checked the date: May 22, 2011.
She raised her eyes to the man's.
"This is a joke."
"No.
I can't explain it--I don't believe in such things.
But if you're not playing a joke, you've somehow come 84 years into the future."
She shook her head.
"Such a thing isn't possible.
This newspaper .
.
.
false newspapers can be printed."
"Come inside and see the things in my house."
She shrank back, fearful again.
"No."
"It's the only way you'll believe me.
Do you know what a television is?
A blender?
A microwave?"
When her eyes grew larger with fear, he knelt beside her.
"I won't hurt you, Marie.
You don't know how to get back home, anyway.
Just trust me a little."
She didn't want to.
But he was right--she didn't know how to get home.
Slowly she rose, not taking the hand he extended but following him inside.
"This is a microwave oven," he told her, patting a white and brown box.
"It cooks things really fast--it can heat something like rice in less than a minute."
When he saw her incredulous stare, he opened the refrigerator and took out a bowl of mixed vegetables.
"Feel."
She touched the cold food.
"How does the box work?"
"Frankly, I'm not sure.
Invisible waves somehow heat the food from the inside out."
He put the bowl in the oven and set it for one minute.
"Do you have electricity?"
"My father had our house wired a few months ago."
"Do you have a television?"
"A what?"
"How about a radio?"
"Yes.
And electric lights."
She jumped when the microwave beeped.
Rick took out the bowl, and when he peeled back the paper, steam came out.
He extended the bowl, and she touched the food.
It was hot.
She looked at him in wonder.
"How can it be so hot so fast?"
He shrugged, putting the bowl back in the refrigerator.
"We have a lot of conveniences we take for granted.
We know what they do and don't think much about how they do it."
He led her into the living room and picked up the remote.
"I bet you'll like this."
He turned on the TV.
Marie gasped.
"A talkie!
Like `The Jazz Singer'!
In your house!"
"Yeah.
I have cable, so I get about 75 channels."
He flipped through several, and Marie, transfixed, could only stare in wonder.
Rick turned it off.
"Let's see .
.
.
what else might be new to you?
You have cars, I guess."
"Automobiles?"
She was still staring at the now blank screen.
"Yes."
She finally tore her gaze from the screen to look around at the strange objects, the unusual furniture.
This was the house of a mad inventor or .
.
.
No.
How could she have walked from her garden into the future?
Rick squeezed her arm.
"I know.
I'm confused too.
This isn't possible."
She looked up at him.
"Is this Meadows Street?"
"No.
I don't know where Meadows Street is.
This is Stuart Street."
"Oh--I know where that is!
It's in the Back Bay, not far from my house!"
Rick looked skeptical.
Even if that was true, it was becoming evident that she'd somehow stepped out of 1927 and into 2011.
"Do you have an automobile?"
"Yeah."
"If I give you directions, will you take me there?"
"OK.  Let's go."
The automobile in the garage was different from any she'd ever seen.
It--"Oh!"
Marie exclaimed, jumping at the abrupt grating sound.
"What's .
.
."
She stared at the garage door as it slowly rose.
"Who's lifting the door?"
"Nobody.
It's electric."
He opened the car door for her.
She eyed the interior cautiously.
"Don't you have to crank it up?"
she asked when he got in without doing so.
"No."
He turned the key, put the car in reverse, and backed out of the garage.
She gave him directions, trying not to notice how different all the houses in the neighborhood looked.
"There--over there!
That's my house!"
She jumped out before he could stop completely and ran up to the front door.
Rick dashed after her, grabbing her arm before she could open the door.
"We'd better knock."
"But this is my house."
"Let's ring, just in case.
If someone you don't know answers, let me do the talking."
Annoyed, she stood straight with eagerness as he pushed a button that she had never seen before.
A woman opened the door.
"May I help you?"
"Mrs.
Tranton?"
Rick asked.
"No.
I don't know anyone in the neighborhood by that name."
"Thank you--sorry to have bothered you."
Rick had to take Marie's arm and guide her back to the car.
"Listen--we'll go to the library and see what we can find about time travel,” he told her as he slid behind the wheel.
“We'll figure out how to get you back.
A lot of people are interested .
.
.
Marie, don't cry.
We'll get you back."
She'd covered her face with her hands and was sobbing.
How had this happened?
What had actually happened?
Was she losing her mind?
Was this some fantastic hoax?
Everything was so strange.
How was she ever going to get home?
Rick put his key in the ignition but then turned to look helplessly at the terrified girl.
"It'll be all right, Marie."
He leaned over to hug her.
He was a stranger, and she knew she should push him away.
But she needed so much to be held.
She cried until she had no more tears, and then she sat up, sniffing and wiping her eyes.
Rick handed her his handkerchief.
"It'll be all right," he repeated softly.
She took the handkerchief and blew her nose.
"Do you have a mirror?"
He pulled her visor down.
She used the mirror to wipe the tears and kohl smudges from her face.
Glancing at him, she said, "I don't know your name."
"Rick.
Rick Newman."
"This must be strange for you as well."
"You can't imagine."
"I think I can."
She raised the visor.
"Can we go to the library now?"
If this wasn't her home, she was going to find a way to get back.
CHAPTER FOUR
Marie sat beside Rick at the library, watching in amazement as titles of books and magazines appeared on a screen in front of him.
Whenever he found something that he thought could help them, a machine in front of her would print the title and its number on a piece of paper.
She'd thought it would take hours and hours to find a handful of books.
But in only 45 minutes Rick had a long list of books and articles.
He filled out request forms for the articles and led her into more rows of books than she'd ever seen.
He pulled out book after book, stacking them in her arms.
When both had as many as they could carry, they went to check them out.
"We have 17 books and 21 articles," Rick told her when they were back at his house with their materials spread out on the floor in front of them.
"I don't even know where to start."
"Can we wait a while?"
He looked at her in surprise.
"You want to wait?
Why?"
"I'm so tired .
.
.
and-and .
.
.
hungry.
I didn't eat breakfast."
"I'm sorry--I didn't even think about that.
It's nearly 1:30—you must be starved.
I'll make us some lunch."
"In your wave oven?"
"Microwave oven."
He smiled.
"It depends on what you want."
He made them a salad and put two frozen lasagna dinners in the microwave.
It wasn't the best lunch he could offer a guest from the 1920s, but it was the only thing he could think of to prepare in the microwave.
Marie seemed fascinated by it.
"Lasagna in ten minutes.
Incredible."
She touched a forkful to her tongue, finding that it was too hot.
She blew it and then tasted it.
"Delicious."
"Not really.
But I'll make you a good dinner."
She enjoyed her lunch, the conversation as well as the food.
Rick told her about how easy it was to get on an airplane any day and go anywhere in the world, about machines that made the house warm in winter and cool in summer, about telephones you could carry in your pocket.
It was all so amazing.
She'd always felt that she was living in very modern times—electricity, automobiles, the new talkie.
The wonders Rick described seemed like magic.
They settled down on his sofa after lunch.
"I'll start with the books.
You do the articles," Rick said.
"See if they say anything about the possibilities of time travel and how you'd go about it."
Marie found the articles fascinating .
.
.
but unbelievable.
Some were highly theoretical, suggesting that all times existed simultaneously but offering no suggestions on how to move through time.
Some cited earlier experiments involving time machines.
Some people claimed to have traveled into the past, but they had no real proof.
If these scientists were so interested in time travel and believed they'd gone into the past, wouldn't they have known about people like her, people who'd come from the past into the future--their present?
But there was no mention of that.
Rick noticed her glazed eyes.
"Are you tired?"
"A little."
"Found anything helpful?"
"No.
Well, maybe.
A number of scientists--men who called themselves scientists, that is--have built different types of machines, but I don't think you and I could do that.
They had no really provable success, anyway."
She shook her head, turning a page.
"I don't understand this at all.
There's a man named Stephen Hawking--" "He's a very well-known scientist."
"Then maybe what this article says could be helpful.
But I can't understand it.
It has all these strange words--wormholes, white dwarfs, odd things like that.
I can't follow this at all."
"Let me see it then."
He reached for it and then handed her a book in return.
"This book is a little older than the others.
It's probably easier to follow."
As he read the article, he understood why she'd found it so difficult.
Everything was presented in a way that made it seem like accomplished fact when in reality it was all theory.
It was based on Einstein's theory of relativity.
These wormholes Marie had mentioned were passages formed around black holes, which were collapsed stars.
And it was all based on the assumption that something besides light could travel at the speed of light.
In one small paragraph he found that the entire article was theory upon theory: no one had ever found a black hole or a wormhole or anything that could travel faster than the speed of light.
"You didn't miss anything," Rick told Marie, setting the article aside.
"Scientists think that it would be possible to travel through time by going through these wormholes the author mentions, but it's all theory.
Nobody has ever discovered a wormhole, and none of this stuff has ever been proven."
Marie sighed.
"This book isn't hard to follow, but I'm rather skeptical.
The author says that thought is the way to travel through time.
He says that if you concentrate hard enough on getting to the time you want to visit, you can do it."
"Yeah, I found some ideas about that in the other books I read.
Maybe--" "But that doesn't explain how I came here.
I wasn't thinking about 2011."
Rick found his face growing red.
He'd been thinking about her.
"Still, I think that's our best bet for getting you back to 1927."
"All right."
She set aside the papers on her lap, closing her eyes.
But seconds later she opened them.
"I'm so tired–I don't think I can concentrate right now."
He glanced at his watch.
"It's 5:45.
Why don't you take a nap while I make dinner, and you can try after we eat."
"All right."
"Come on--you can sleep in a guest room."
"Wait."
She pressed her lips together.
"May I sleep here on the sofa?
I-I'd rather not be so far from you."
"OK."  He smiled, going to the linen closet and returning with a sheet.
"Here you go.
Yell if you need anything."
He went to search through the refrigerator and the cabinets.
Barbecued chicken, baked potatoes, broccoli with cheese sauce .
.
.
that should be OK.  Dessert .
.
.
hmmm.
She'd probably like chocolate.
There wasn't time to make anything, so chocolate ice cream would have to do.
He still couldn't believe that this had happened.
He didn't believe in extraterrestrials, he didn't believe in ghosts, and he certainly didn't believe that people could travel through time.
But here she was.
His mind reeled with the implications and unreality of it all.
And the emotion that permeated his jumbled thoughts was guilt.
He'd been preoccupied with thoughts of Marie ever since he'd seen her picture.
Was it possible that his thoughts had somehow brought her here?
But even if that were true, how could he have known that thinking about someone would cause her to appear?
He'd loved studying history in school, and Abraham Lincoln had never appeared.
He scowled at the chicken as he took it from the oven.
How was he going to help her get back?
He didn't have much faith-- Marie's scream almost made him drop the chicken.
Depositing the pan on the stove, he ran to the living room.
She was sitting up, gasping for breath, a look of terror on her face.
"What's wrong?"
he asked, hovering over her.
"I want to go home!
I don't belong here--I want to go home!"
Her heart was beating wildly, and she was having a hard time catching her breath.
The fear and panic that had faded with fatigue and the novelty of it all were suddenly back full force, and all she knew was that she was far from home and from everything she knew.
"Calm down.
Calm down, Marie."
He sat down, drawing her into his arms.
His embrace made her feel secure enough to swallow her fear.
When her breathing had returned to normal, she pulled back to look into his eyes.
"I want to go home."
"OK."  He stroked her hair.
"Why don't you close your eyes and just think about home?
I won't touch you or say a word."
"All right."
She closed her eyes and began thinking about Davis and how it felt to dance with him.
She thought about her mother and father and brother and how they'd laughed and talked at meals before her brother had been disowned.
She thought about Tom and the speakeasy.
She opened her eyes to see Rick watching her anxiously.
She swallowed.
"I'm still here."
"I'm sorry."
"Maybe I should go walk in the garden.
That's how I got here, so that's probably the best way to get back."
"That's a good idea, but it's getting late.
You shouldn't be wandering around out there in 1927 or 2011.
Why don't you wait until tomorrow morning?"
He smiled, taking her hand.
"Come on--dinner's almost ready."
She enjoyed the meal he'd prepared, and her eyes grew wide with delight when he set dessert in front of her.
"I love chocolate ice cream!"
she exclaimed.
"I'm not surprised."
He smiled as she ate with relish.
Every woman he knew loved chocolate, and it was rather comforting to think that there were some things that transcended time.
After they'd finished their ice cream, Rick rose and began to clear the table.
Marie stood as well, saying, "I'll wash the dishes."
"No thanks--I have a dishwasher."
"A maid?"
"No."
He chuckled.
"Watch."
He quickly loaded the dishwasher, poured in the soap, and turned it on.
"The door is locked, and hot water will blast the dishes."
She blinked.
"How?"
He laughed.
"I have no idea."
After listening to the water in the machine for a few moments, she turned to Rick with a shy smile.
"Can we watch a picture?"
"What kind of picture?"
"What kind are playing?
I like romances more than anything."
"Oh--you mean a movie.
Let me think."
He didn't have a big collection of movies, and he didn't think it would be a good idea to take her out to rent one right now.
"Why don't we see what's on television?"
"The box?"
"Yes."
"Don't you watch talkies on it?"
"Well, sort of.
The programs aren't like movies--well, some of them are.
Most programs are shorter--half an hour or an hour."
He went to get the TV guide and found the listing for Saturday evening.
A western had come on at 9:00.
That would be a good place to begin, since it was set before 1927.
"I think you'll like this western," he told her, turning on the TV with the remote.
She stared at the little box in his hand.
"Did that box make the picture appear?"
"Yeah."
"How?"
He shrugged.
"I don't--" "Know."
She laughed.
"What happens if these things break?"
"I call someone to fix them."
"Oh--so there is somebody who knows how they work."
"Yeah."
He grinned.
"Just not me.” He turned up the sound on the TV and flipped to the western.
Marie watched as a beautiful woman listened to a man's heart and then went home to dinner with her family and then kissed her husband when they were alone.
It was all so real!
It looked as if they lived in a small western town and were a real family.
"Are that woman and man really married?"
she whispered.
"No.
She's married to the show's producer, I think.
It's her fourth marriage."
"Fourth!"
She didn't know anybody who'd been widowed three times.
Before her eyes, the scene changed completely.
A man was in the shower, and someone was singing.
There were quick images of a woman in the shower, then a little girl, now the mother was wrapping a towel about herself, now she was toweling the girl's hair .
.
.
Marie tore her eyes from the picture to stare at Rick.
"What is that?"
"What?
The commercial?
It's an ad--an advertisement for soap."
"An advertisement?
People wear nothing but towels in advertisements?"
"Afraid so.
I guess we're used to it.
Most people don't pay much attention to the commercials."
If she was shocked by that commercial, he'd have to be careful about what movies he let her watch.
She sat spellbound until 10:00, drinking in the commercials as well as the program.
"Is that the end of the picture?"
she asked in disappointment as the closing credits appeared.
"Yeah.
Are you sleepy?"
"No.
I wish that we could see another picture."
"Let's see what's on now."
"You mean there's another picture now?"
He laughed.
"There's something on 24 hours a day."
"Really?"
She beamed with delight.
"Is there something funny playing?"
He found an "I Love Lucy" rerun listed and changed channels.
For the next hour he got more pleasure from watching Marie watch the program than he could possibly have gotten from the program itself.
She didn't take her eyes off the screen, and because it was free of sexual innuendo, she understood most of the comedy.
"That was wonderful," she sighed when the show was over.
"Imagine--being able to see a picture in your own house whenever you want."
"That's another thing we take for granted.
Lots of times I have it on when I'm reading and don't pay any attention to it."
"Why would you have it on if you're reading?"
"Just for the sound.
So I won't feel alone."
"Oh.
Does your family live nearby?"
"My sister lives in Charlestown, but my parents live in Florida."
"You must get lonely often."
"Sometimes."
She gave him the same shy smile that had accompanied her request to see a picture.
"Could we have some hot cocoa?"
"Sure."
"Heated in the microwave oven?"
He laughed.
"Yeah."
She began yawning as she finished her chocolate.
She looked at Rick with sudden concern.
"I-I suppose I must spend the night here."
"I have a guest bedroom."
"I-I have no night clothes or .
.
.
or .
.
."
"I'll find you something.
If you're finished, I'll take you upstairs."
Although it was summer, he decided he'd better dig out the shirt to the winter pajamas his mother had bought him.
It was thicker than a summer shirt and would give her a greater sense of modesty.
Still, she stared at the shirt in her hand before raising her eyes to his.
"This-this won't even cover my knees!"
"There's no one to see you.
Here."
He took a bathrobe from his closet.
"You can wear this over it until you get in bed and when you get up.
Would you like to take a bath?"
"Yes, please."
He led her to the bathroom and turned on the water.
"Here's a towel and washcloth," he said, taking them from the closet and handing them to her.
"Do you need anything else?"
"No, thank you."
"If you need anything, just yell."
He smiled.
"Goodnight, Marie."
"Goodnight."
When he was gone, she listened at the door.
The rug that covered the entire house made it impossible to detect his footsteps, but after several seconds she felt secure enough to undress.
It wasn't that she didn't trust him; she just felt ill at ease disrobing with a man she wasn't related to just inches away.
She took off her dress and laid it carefully over the commode.
Then she removed the binding that kept the straight line of her dress from being spoiled.
She should wash all her underclothes, since they were the only ones she had.
But where would she hang them?
Surely there was a place in the bedroom.
She turned off the faucet and stepped into the warm water.
At the moment this all seemed more like a dream than a nightmare.
An electric machine that washed dishes, the microwave oven, moving pictures in the house all day long .
.
.
who could ever have imagined such things?
But it was all so strange.
She'd walked 84 years into the future.
She'd spent the entire day alone with a man she'd never met before.
She'd .
.
.
She frowned for a minute, trying to see all this from his point of view.
It must be as strange for him as it was for her--a woman from the past had walked into his garden.
He didn't believe in such things any more than she did, but he'd done his best to help her get back.
And he'd been so kind and considerate, introducing her to the marvels of his time, seeing to her comfort, holding her when she was frightened .
.
.
He really was very handsome, she mused, sinking deeper into the water.
She'd been too preoccupied to really think much about it, but now she reflected on his lovely blue eyes, his perfect features, his smile.
And he was so kind.
Her own betrothed fled at even a hint of tears, but Rick had held her and stroked her hair.
That was a highly improper action, of course, but then, this was a situation for which no etiquette had ever been designed.
And besides, it had felt so good.
The water was cooling, so she rapidly bathed, washed her clothes, and stepped out of the tub.
The bath towel was big and fluffy and felt wonderful against her skin.
She looked askance at the night shirt, however.
She'd never worn such a thing.
When she put it on, she found that it fit her like a tent.
But oddly enough, she liked it.
The big bathrobe almost reached her ankles, and she felt quite comfortable as she picked up her dress and wet clothing and went across the hall to the bedroom.
She found hangers in the closet and hung her clothes there.
But once she was in bed, the dreamlike feeling dissolved.
She was far, far away from home, in a strange place, and she didn't know if she'd ever get back.
Tears trickled down her cheeks as she drew her knees up under the covers, her back against the headboard.
She was too frightened to go to sleep.
Walking in the garden was no longer safe--was sleeping?
Would she wake up to-- A knock at the door startled her.
"Y-yes?"
"Can I come in?"
She pulled the covers higher.
"Yes."
Rick opened the door.
"I saw the light on and wondered if something was wrong."
He stepped closer.
"You're crying!
What's wrong?"
"Nothing new.
I-I'm frightened, Rick."
He gazed down into those huge, shimmering hazel eyes and felt his heart melt.
"It'll be all right, sweetheart."
He sat down on the edge of the bed and drew her into his arms.
"We'll get you back home.
And until we do, I'll take care of you.
I promise."
She drew comfort from his embrace for a few minutes.
Then she drew back, trying to smile.
"Why are you so kind?"
"A pretty girl from 1927 wandered into my garden.
I could hardly put her out on the street."
"But it's more than that."
She wiped her eyes.
"You took me to the library, and you entertained me, and you made me laugh.
And-and you held me to make me feel better."
She slipped her hand into his, something she never would have done in 1927.
"This has to be as strange for you as it is for me.
But you've treated me so well, almost-almost as if you knew me."
He looked down at the small hand in his.
"I, um, I-I've read a lot about the 1920s.
When I finally realized that you really were from 1927, I-I thought it would be interesting to talk to someone from the ‘20s."
He looked up with a smile.
"What do beautiful 23-year-old girls do for fun in 1927?"
"It depends on the 23-year-old girl."
She returned his smile.
"Some like garden parties and cotillions.
I like speakeasies.
And I want to go to Hollywood."
He laughed.
"Why?"
"It's so romantic--the moving pictures and the lovers and all the excitement.
Is Hollywood still like that?"
"Well, there are still movies and lovers and excitement, but I wouldn't call it romantic."
"Why not?"
"Everyone takes drugs and gets drunk and has affairs."
"Oh."
She looked so chagrined that he regretted having spoiled her illusions.
"Hey, don't look so sad."
His thumb stroked her cheek.
"If you were going to be around for a while, I'd find someplace exciting to take you."
She smiled then.
"That's so thoughtful.
But I suppose I won't have the opportunity, will I?"
"Nope.
You're going home tomorrow."
That thought made him sad.
"Listen, Marie, do me a favor when you get back."
"What?"
"Really think about-about your marriage."
Her mouth fell open.
"Why?"
"You're so fun-loving and free-spirited.
Marriage to-to .
.
.
certain types of men can .
.
.
change that."
He squeezed her hand.
"Just think about it, OK?"
She nodded.
Last night--had it been only 24 hours ago?--she'd considered that.
Davis would never let her go to a speakeasy, much less to Hollywood.
But he was so handsome and had many other wonderful qualities, and she was in love with him.
"Why don't you try to get some sleep?"
Rick suggested.
"Can I leave the light on?"
"Sure.
Why don't I go get a book and sit in here and read until you go to sleep?"
"That's not necessary .
.
. "
He turned back to look at her.
"Would you rather I didn't?"
She smiled.
"I'd rather that you did."
He returned with a novel that he pretended to read.
His mind was replaying all the day's events, and he kept peering at Marie over the top of the book.
She'd washed her makeup off, and she looked like a child, her lashes dark against smooth, rosy skin, one small hand beneath her cheek.
She was such an innocent young woman and was, as he’d read, vibrant and fun-loving.
Even her natural fear of having walked into the future was more often than not suppressed by her sense of adventure.
He wanted to protect her, now and in the past.
When he was sure she was asleep, he went to his own room and took out the pages he'd copied before his sister’s dance.
Marie Tranton, born 1904 .
.
.
It didn't tell the date of her death.
That was odd--he was sure it had been in this section.
His heart began racing as he scanned those pages.
There was no mention at all of her death--or of her marriage.
The only information was her date of birth, the names of her parents and brother, and the general family history.
He knew that the other information had been there before, and after his mind had completely rejected the impossible--that the print had changed when Marie had stepped from 1927 into 2011 (another impossibility)--he rapidly considered the implications of such an impossibility.
Maybe the information about the rest of her life wouldn't appear until she returned.
And maybe she wouldn’t marry Davis when she returned.
What she did here might have an impact on how her life progressed in the past.
Rick closed his eyes.
He wasn't used to theoretical reasoning.
But there was one thing he was sure of: that sweet girl asleep in the next bedroom wasn't going to return to a life of misery if he could help it.
CHAPTER FIVE
Marie woke up with a pounding heart.
She wanted to go home--she had to get out to the garden right away.
Jumping out of bed, she dressed as quickly as she could and ran downstairs and into the garden.
It was just past dawn and not as foggy as it had been yesterday.
She made herself stop running, certain that speed had nothing to do with going 84 years backwards.
She began walking in the direction from which she'd come yesterday.
Or from which she thought she'd come, anyway.
How would she know if she'd gotten back?
Surely she'd be able to recognize her own home.
But what if she got back to 1927 but not to her house?
She could go up to someone's house and ask .
.
.
what?
What the year was?
If they had a television?
But as the fog began to lift, she could tell that she was still in 2011.
The house to her left didn't look like any house she'd ever seen before yesterday.
And she was no longer in a garden--she was walking across a lawn.
She wanted to keep walking, but with the fog disappearing and no garden in sight, she was afraid it was useless.
She turned around, eyes down as she headed back to Rick's house.
How would she get back?
Was she stuck here?
Her parents must be out of their minds with fear.
And Davis--he was probably tearing the city apart looking for her.
Or would after he'd finished work for the day.
Now where had that uncharitable thought come from?
Davis loved her.
And she adored him.
If she couldn't find a way back, she'd never see him again.
He'd marry somebody else.
And she'd .
.
.
she'd .
.
.
She looked up to see if she was close to Rick's house.
It wasn't the house just ahead to the right, or the one beyond that.
Had she come over that hill?
Surely she couldn't have come very far.
Panicking, she began to run.
A woman was coming out of one house, wearing very short blue trousers, and Marie ran in the other direction.
She had to find Rick's house!
Being stuck in the future was bad enough, but if she couldn't find Rick again, she'd-- "Marie!"
She turned toward his voice.
"Rick?"
"Where are you?"
"Here!
I'm lost!"
But then she saw him and ran to him, throwing her arms around him.
"I couldn't get back home!"
"Shhh, shhh--it's all right."
He hugged her, rocking her gently.
"How am I going to get back, Rick?
Am I stuck here forever?"
"Come on--let's go have some breakfast, and we'll see what else we can think of."
She let him lead her back to his house.
Sitting at the table while he made breakfast, she wiped her eyes and cheeks and nose with a paper napkin.
"I'm never going to get back."
"Sure you will."
"How?
I walked and walked and didn't get back.
All I did was get lost--I couldn't even get back here."
"You should have woken me up so I could go with you."
"Then you'd have gone back to 1927 too.
If I'd succeeded."
"I could have just followed at a distance.
Just so I could hear you if you needed me."
He spooned scrambled eggs onto their plates.
"It doesn't matter now, anyway."
She stared at the glass of orange juice he'd set in front of her.
"What am I going to do now?"
"Well .
.
."
He took the bacon out of the microwave, worried because she hadn't even looked up when it beeped.
"I know that there are people who study this sort of thing.
Scientists .
.
.
I think they're scientists.
We could get the names of some of them, you could talk to them and see--" "No."
She shook her head.
"That would become a circus.
And I a sideshow.
Scientists didn't make this happen, so I don't have much faith in their ability to undo it.
I want to keep trying this--walking in the garden in the mornings.
But .
.
."
She glanced up at him.
He looked up when she didn't finish.
"But what?"
"I-I need a place to stay until I get back."
He smiled.
"I think I can stand having you around for a while."
"I don't want to be a burden .
.
."
"You won't be.
I think it'll be fun."
She smiled then.
"Can we watch television today?"
That pleasure was only one of many that day.
First she loaded the dishwasher while Rick supervised, and she poured in the soap and started the machine herself.
After a shower, she had lessons on the use of the food processor, the blender, and--delight of delights--the microwave oven.
"I can make lunch now," she proclaimed happily.
"Do you like to cook?"
"Yes."
But her face fell.
"To be honest, I don't know how.
We have a cook.
But I'd like to try."
"OK.
I'll supervise until we're sure you're not going to chop off your fingers or anything."
He smiled, taking her hand and squeezing it.
"But it's such a beautiful day.
Why don't we go out for lunch and then see a movie?"
"Wonderful!"
They went to a small restaurant for soup and sandwiches.
"This is good," she said after swallowing a spoonful of clam chowder.
"Do you have it in 1927?"
"Yes--it's one of my favorites."
"What don't you have?"
She laughed.
"Well, we don't have shoe soup, but I imagine that you don't either."
"Oh, but that's one of my favorites."
His eyes twinkled.
"I know.
I bet you don't have all-you-can-eat buffets."
"All you can eat?"
"Yeah.
You pay one price and eat anything you want from the buffet."
Her eyes were wide.
"What's on it?"
"Depends.
You can go to a Chinese buffet or a Mexican buffet or an American buffet.
If it's American, there's usually a lot of salad items, chicken, potatoes, different kinds of meats and vegetables.
Oh--and desserts.
Tons of desserts--cake, pie, cookies, ice cream .
.
."
"Mmm.
I'm glad we're eating right now.
If we weren't, I'd want to run out to one of those buffets."
"If you're around long enough, I'll take you to one."
He froze, afraid his remark would make her start worrying again.
But her attention was completely on her chowder.
Relaxing again, he asked casually, "What do you do for fun in 1927?"
"It depends."
She dabbed at her lips with her napkin.
"If you do what you're supposed to do, garden parties and radio and reading and long walks and gossip are the extent of it.
But if you have a male cousin under your thumb, you go to speakeasies and dance and drink cocktails and meet interesting people."
"I believe you mentioned last night that you fall into the second category."
"Of course."
She smiled.
"Will you be my 2011 cousin?"
He laughed.
"Alcohol is legal now, and women can go anywhere men go."
"Anywhere?"
"Yeah.
Well, not to the men's restroom.
But anywhere else."
She stirred her tea thoughtfully.
"And it's accepted?
In 1927, women can go to speakeasies, but not respectable women."
"We don't have speakeasies like those in the '20s, but if you want to, I'll take you dancing one night.
To one of the wild places where the kids go if you like--and you'll still be considered respectable."
They spent the next hour comparing their respective decades.
She told him all about her favorite stars and pictures.
She'd known one of the eight contestants in the first Miss America contest in 1921, and she'd followed the Scopes trial in 1925 with shocked fascination.
He told her that all 50 states--"Fifty!"
she exclaimed--had Miss America representatives in a contest that was televised every year, along with a Miss Universe contest, and that evolution was taught in most schools now, alongside creation in some parts of the country.
She told him that she'd always wanted to see Josephine Baker's stage show and Louis Armstrong and his trumpet, and he told her that anyone truly talented and/or popular now eventually did a television special.
She told him about the excitement over the discovery of King Tut's tomb in 1922, and as she was explaining how it had inspired the Egyptian motif of her dress, she glanced around and realized how out of style she was.
"Dresses are sometimes quite short," she observed, "but not all of them.
And I never would have believed that women would wear trousers in public without causing a stir!"
"You should see the bathing suits."
"They're shorter than the dresses?"
He laughed.
"`Short' isn't the word.
There are no legs, no arms, sometimes no middle, and they're cut very low."
"And the men aren't-aren't .
.
.
don’t .
.
.
stare?"
She blushed.
"Oh, we stare.”  He grinned, but then his face grew sober; being able to see from her perspective made him realize that, as much as he enjoyed looking at women on the beach, the changes in modesty reflected a decay in morals that would probably make her uncomfortable.
"Morals are one of the things that have changed a lot in the last 84 years.
So I guess the 1920s have something on us."
He swallowed the last of his tea.
"Why don't we go buy you an outfit or two?"
"I can't.
I didn't bring any money with me.
Would it be accepted now, anyway?"
"Actually, it would probably be very valuable.
You never see any money that old in circulation because coin collectors have it all.
But you don't need any money.
I'll buy what you need."
"No.
I can't let you--" "Come on."
He stood up, taking her hand.
"It'll be payment for the history lesson."
Marie exclaimed with excitement when she saw Faneuil Hall--she'd been there many times.
But she didn't recognize the interior at all.
It contained all kinds of shops with jewelry, candy, and a variety of other goods that she didn't have a chance to inspect because when Rick realized that there weren't any major clothing stores here, he led her back to the car, and they drove to a huge indoor shopping area he called a mall.
"Why don't we just buy you something comfortable for now?” he suggested as they went into the nearest store.
“Something to wear around the house."
He led her to the ladies’ section.
"What size pants should we try?"
"I have no idea."
He took a pair of soft jeans and held them up.
"What do you think?"
"Maybe.
They look a little small."
"We'll get one of the next size too."
"May I help you?"
Both Rick and Marie turned to the salesgirl.
"We'd like to see some casual shirts for her," he said.
"OK--we have some really pretty ones that just came in."
She led them to a rack.
"There are some more in the corner over there."
She smiled at Marie.
"Cute dress."
Marie glanced down at her dress before responding with a puzzled, "Thank you."
She knew it definitely wasn't in fashion now.
A little while later Marie took the jeans and several blouses into the dressing room, removing her dress and putting on her favorite of the blouses, a navy blue one with red stripes.
It was so soft!
After admiring it in the mirror for a moment, she reached for the smaller pair of trousers.
The material felt comfortable, but they were so tight!
Were they supposed to be this tight?
Rick would know.
She felt queer walking out in these clothes, but after having seen how women of this decade dressed, she knew she'd draw more attention in her Egyptian-motif dress than in this outfit.
"Rick," she said, drawing his attention away from the people browsing in the store, "is this what they're supposed to look like?"
His eyes grew big as he stared at her.
The jeans revealed slender thighs, smoothly rounded hips, and, as she turned just a bit, a perfectly shaped little derriere.
He started to reply to her question but found he had to clear his throat before he could speak.
"You look great."
"Really?
Are they supposed to be this tight?"
"That's-that's the style."
"And this is considered comfortable?
I don't know if I can even sit down with them on!"
With regret he put his own wishes aside.
"Is that the bigger pair?
If not, let's get some bigger ones."
"No--these are the small ones.
I'll go try the others."
They bought the bigger pair and two shirts, and Marie wore the jeans and the red and navy shirt from the store.
"Thank you for the clothes, Rick," she said, smiling up at him.
"You're welcome.
Do you like them?"
"Very much."
She sighed.
"But I suppose I shouldn't take them back with me."
"Why?"
"I could never wear the trousers."
She laughed softly.
"Davis would die of apoplexy if he could see me now."
"He's not the adventurer you are, I take it."
"Hardly."
Rick wanted to seize the opportunity and led her toward a frozen yogurt stand so that they could sit down and talk.
"I bet you don't have frozen yogurt in 1927."
"No," she replied, intrigued.
"What is it?"
"It's like ice cream but better for you.
The flavors are on that board.
What sounds good to you?"
She couldn't make up her mind between chocolate-covered cherry and chocolate almond, so he asked for a sample of each.
When she at last chose the former, he ordered a waffle cone of it for her--inspired to have M & Ms added at the last minute--and a cone of pecan praline for himself.
"What do you think?"
he asked after they'd sat down and begun eating.
"Mmm."
She swallowed and licked her lips.
"This is heavenly.
Would you like a bite?"
"No thank you.
But try some of this.
See if it's as good as the chocolate."
She let him feed her a bite.
"It's good," she decided, "but it can't compare with chocolate."
He smiled as she resumed eating her own yogurt with obvious pleasure.
Scooping and molding his yogurt, he asked, "What do you and your .
.
.
fiancé .
.
.
do together?"
"Not much.
We go to dinner and then dancing.
Sometimes we listen to the radio, he goes to church with my family and has meals with us frequently .
.
."
She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.
"He works hard.
We really don't spend much time together."
"Do you miss him?"
"Yes.
He must be out of his mind with worry."
"Why do you love him?"
Her eyes flew to his face.
"What do you mean?"
"What is it about him that made you fall in love with him?"
She stared at her spoon thoughtfully.
"He's so .
.
.
so .
.
.
romantic.
I mean .
.
.
he looks romantic.
He's tall and handsome, just like Douglas Fairbanks, and he makes me feel romantic.
Especially when we dance.
When he lets me choose what to do, I always choose dancing so that--"  She glanced at Rick.
"Well, I like it when he holds me."
"And he only holds you when you dance?"
Rick stopped pretending to eat.
"Well, yes.
After all, as you said, morals are higher in 1927."
"But-but .
.
.
everybody needs to be held!
That's not immoral!"
He leaned toward her.
"I've held you a number of times.
Was that wrong?"
She dropped her gaze.
"Well, no.
Not proper, really, but not immoral."
He reached out to squeeze her hand.
"Listen to yourself, Marie.
You're describing a crush, not love.
He's tall, he's handsome, he makes you feel romantic--you don't love him!
He's like a movie star."
She withdrew her hand, her eyes flashing.
"You don't know.
He works with my father, he's already like a member of the family--" "Let him be a brother.
Romance isn't everything, Marie, and if that's all you have, it doesn't even last very long.
You need to enjoy everything together, going to-to speakeasies, going for walks, playing games, or just being together while you read.
You've said he doesn't spend much time with you because he works so much.
That's ridiculous.
If he loved you, he'd make time for you.
If you were mine, I'd leave the office every evening as soon as I could.
If you were mine, I would want to spend every minute of every day with you, and I'd want to hold you every chance I got.
If you were mine--"   He stopped, realizing how agitated he was getting and how chagrined Marie looked.
"I'm sorry," he told her.
"I didn't mean to get so excited.
I just really care about you, and I don't want you to mistake infatuation for love and end up hurt."
They finished their yogurt in silence.
Rick threw their napkins away, and they began wandering toward the mall exit.
"I'm sorry, Marie," he repeated.
"It's really none of my business."
She was quiet for a few moments.
Glancing up at him, she asked, "Would you really spend every evening with me if-if I were .
.
.
yours?"
He smiled.
"I'd start wrapping work up at 4:30, and at 5:00 I'd be out the door.
In fact, if you're still around tomorrow afternoon, I'll probably be home by 5:30."
"Why?"
"You're a lot of fun to be with."
Her smile lit her face.
"Really?"
"Yeah.
I've had a terrific time this weekend."
"So have I."
"And if you were mine," he continued, happy that she wasn't angry, "I would hold you every time you let me.
I guess that if I lived in 1927, I might have to be subtle about it.
Like .
.
.
I might see some lint on your shirt that needed to be brushed off.
Like this."
He turned to face her and reached behind her to brush off the imaginary lint, his arm drawing her close.
Marie laughed.
"I think there's lint a little lower on my back."
Reaching lower meant he had to draw her closer.
"Hmmm--there's a piece at the top too."
His free hand slid along her waist and up to her shoulder blade, the result being an embrace.
"Now you're lint free."
She laughed again.
"You might have lint on your back too."
She put her arms around him.
He smiled down into her face, which was now tantalizingly close to his.
He quickly pressed his cheek to her hair, tightening his arms for just a moment before releasing her.
"Come on--let's go see what else we can find."
He took her to a drugstore, handing her a 20-dollar bill and wandering off when he realized that there were some toiletries she needed but was too embarrassed to pick up while he was watching.
When she was done, he took her to a jewelry store, thinking she might like that, but there was jewelry in 1927.
She was much more interested in the electronic gadgets next door, and she spent ten minutes exclaiming over the effects of a blacklight.
When he bought her one, her face came alive with delight.
"It'll make your rug glow!"
"Just what I always wanted: fluorescent purple carpet."
But he grinned as he took the bag from the cashier.
"Thank you so much, Rick," she said, beaming up at him.
"I think you're more excited about the blacklight than the clothes."
"I love the clothes--they're beautiful.
But the light .
.
.
that's like getting roses.
Or diamonds!"
He laughed.
"I've never met a girl so easy to please."
As they were leaving the store, Rick happened to glance down and notice Marie's shoes.
They were bulky, ugly black things, and he insisted on buying her a pair of sneakers.
She loved the way they felt and ran into the parking lot ahead of him, bouncing in them.
"What'll we do now?"
she asked as they walked into his house.
"Take a nap.
You've worn me out."
"No, no .
.
.
I know!
Show me how to use the blacklight!"
He screwed it into a lamp in the living room.
When he turned it on, she clapped her hands.
"It's beautiful!"
He laughed.
"I'm going to go make dinner while you amuse yourself."
"Don't use the microwave without me!"
After dinner they spent the evening watching TV.
For Rick, it was almost like watching TV with a child: Marie had questions about everything.
It was fun to watch the wonder on her face and the avid attention she gave the programs.
"I'm afraid I'm going to have to go to bed, Marie.
I'm worn out, and I have to get up early tomorrow," Rick told her when the movie ended at 11:30.
"Oh."
Tomorrow she had to get up early too.
She had to get to the garden before the fog lifted.
She'd had fun today, but she had to get home tomorrow.
While she was having fun, her parents were in a panic over her.
She had to get back to them.
But what if she couldn't?
She hadn't been able to this morning.
Swallowing, she looked up at Rick.
"What will happen if I can't get back tomorrow?"
"Then you'll try again Tuesday morning."
He squeezed her hand.
"Don't worry, Marie.
You'll get back sooner or later.
And until you do, I'll take care of you.
I promise."
She went upstairs with him and said goodnight outside her bedroom door.
But her heart began pounding with panic as she thought about the day she'd just spent in 2011.
She'd worn trousers in town, and she'd embraced a man in public.
And now she was spending the night alone with him in his house!
Davis would have a fit if he ever found out she'd been to a speakeasy; he'd refuse to marry her if he found out what she'd done today.
But there was no way he could find out.
Tomorrow she'd be back home, and he'd be ecstatic that she was all right.
He'd be sorry he'd lost his temper with her and hurt her with his kiss.
He'd spend more time with her.
They'd .
.
.
they'd .
.
.
go out to lunch?
Davis always had to work during his lunch hour.
Go to a picture?
Davis thought they were a waste of time.
Marie climbed into bed with a frown.
She and Davis were going to have to have a serious discussion.
She didn't intend to have a husband whom she saw only at meals and at bedtime.
CHAPTER SIX
Marie awoke at dawn the next morning and jumped into her clothes.
She was halfway down the stairs when she remembered she'd promised Rick that she'd wake him up so that he could stay within earshot of her.
"Rick," she called, tapping on his door.
"Rick."
"Just a minute."
Seconds later his door opened, and he blinked down at her sleepily.
"You're already dressed?"
"Yes."
He wasn't.
He had on pajama trousers but no shirt.
She stared in fascination at his broad chest.
She'd never seen a half-naked man before.
"Let me get on some shoes and shorts."
She waited downstairs for him, anxious about her attempt to get back.
She'd looked outside and seen that it wasn't very foggy out.
Would that make it impossible to get back?
Was it-- "Ready?"
She jumped.
"Oh.
Yes."
He followed her outside.
"When you think you've gone far enough, yell.
If you're lost, I'll find you."
She nodded and started to turn to go into the garden.
But Rick caught her hand, stopping her.
He gazed down at her.
"I hope you get back, Marie.
But if you do, I'll miss you."
Her throat was suddenly sore.
"I-I think you have some lint on your back."
She embraced him, whispering, "Thank you for everything.
I'll miss you too."
She gave him a smile before turning and walking into the garden.
When she found herself at the edge of it, she veered right, seeing that it extended farther in that direction.
She deliberately tried to lose herself, since that was how she'd gotten to 2011.
And she knew that Rick would find her if she didn't get back to 1927.
It wasn't working.
She could tell--there wasn't enough fog to hide anything, and she could see that nothing had changed.
She was still in 2011.
"Rick!"
She could hear him hurrying toward her, and she turned to meet him.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart," he said, hugging her close.
Tears rolled down her cheeks, and she choked back a sob.
She missed her mother.
She loved television and the microwave and blue jeans, but she wanted to exclaim over them with her mother.
And she wanted to cuddle up next to Davis as they watched television together.
Her father would buy them one.
Well, if there were televisions in 1927, he would.
Maybe she should see if she could carry one back.
That thought made her chuckle.
Rick drew back to look down at her.
"What's so funny?"
"I was thinking that I should take a television back with me."
He smiled.
"You might have a hard time explaining that."
Taking her face in his hands, he wiped her cheeks with his thumbs.
"We'll try again tomorrow, OK?"
"OK." "I need to go get dressed now--I have to go to work."
"To work?"
"Yeah.
Come on--I'll make you some breakfast, and you'll feel better."
He took her hand and led her back to the house.
Her fear had returned.
Not fear of being stuck in 2011 but of spending the day without Rick.
What would she do?
She showered while Rick did the same in his bathroom, and she washed her hair with some shampoo she found on the edge of the tub.
It smelled nice, and she found herself wishing for some perfume or some bath oil.
She should have thought of that yesterday.
After toweling her hair dry, she combed it, bound her chest, and put on the blue-green blouse and her jeans.
Rick was coming down the hall as she emerged from the bathroom.
"Hi--feel better?"
She nodded.
"Hey, let me show you how to use my blowdryer."
He went back to his bathroom and returned with something that looked a little like a gun and had a long cord hanging from it.
"You can use this to dry your hair.
Let me show you."
He plugged it into the wall and turned it on.
It made a terrible noise, but she laughed when he aimed it at her head.
It blew hot air at her.
"Do you use this to warm yourself in the winter?"
"No--it's just for drying hair.
Here."
He handed it to her.
"Comb your hair as you blow it--that'll make it dry faster.
And this is how you turn it off.
I'm going to go make breakfast.
Come down when you're ready."
The hot air felt good, and it was making her hair fluffy.
Unfortunately, she didn't have any curling tongs, and her too-long hair, now perfectly straight, hung past her shoulders.
With a sigh, she parted her hair in the middle and went downstairs.
"Hair all dry?"
Rick asked.
"Hey--your hair looks great!
It looks longer now."
"It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.
I need to get it cut."
"No!"
A bit embarrassed by his exclamation, he explained, "I like your hair better the way it is now.
It's pretty."
She thought about the women she'd seen yesterday.
"Some women have their hair bobbed now."
"Yeah .
.
.
but a lot have long hair.
I think long hair is .
.
.
more .
.
.
feminine."
She smiled, pleased with his response.
"Should I let it grow longer?"
"Definitely."
He smiled.
"Have a seat--breakfast's ready."
She sat down and poured milk on her cereal.
"Mmm--this is delicious."
"Good.
Do you want milk or juice or both?"
They chatted as they ate, and only when she began loading the dishwasher did she remember that she was going to have to spend the day alone.
"What should I do while you're gone, Rick?"
"Whatever you like.
You can see if I have any books that interest you, or you can watch television.
There are frozen dinners in the freezer that you can put in the microwave for lunch.
Just be sure to read the directions and remember not to put anything metal in it.
I'll show you how to call me at work in case you need something."
"What time will you be home?"
"Well .
.
.
last week I never got home before 9:00."
Her eyes widened, and he grinned, continuing, "But today I'll be home by 5:30.
I promise."
She wandered around the house restlessly after he'd left.
His house was big, and he had a lot of interesting things, but she didn't like being alone.
It just made her miss her family and friends and Davis that much more.
Hoping that television would provide the illusion of companionship and take her mind off her homesickness, she went to the living room and turned it on.
That was where Rick found her at 5:30.
"Hi--how was your day?"
She turned off the TV and looked at him with wide eyes.
"Do you know how many women there are who have love affairs with their husbands' brothers?"
Rick groaned.
"You've been watching talk shows."
"There was one woman who was having an affair with her husband's 15-year-old brother!
And she was 32!"
"Don't watch that garbage.
Those people are poor and uneducated and have no morals, and people watch that stuff to be horrified and make fun of them.
Most people aren't like that."
"But-but .
.
.
there was this other type of picture.
One woman was expecting a baby and didn't know whether her husband or her father-in-law was the father!
Another man was on trial for the murder of his sister's beau, and a woman had been kidnapped--" "A soap opera."
He dropped onto the sofa beside her.
"Those programs are designed to appeal to our baser instincts.
They're sensationalistic.
I'll get you some old movies to watch."
"Get me some?"
"Yeah--we'll rent some."
"Rent?"
"Yeah--there are stores where you can pay a couple of dollars and take the movie home for the night."
"Really?"
He smiled, taking her hand and squeezing it.
"I'll find something good--`Gone With the Wind,' `Casablanca.'
Classics."
"Can we go get them now?"
"In a little while.
What would you like for dinner?"
He grilled steaks outside and made some steak fries.
"Mmm--this is delicious," Marie told him, closing her eyes with pleasure.
"You cook better than restaurant chefs."
"Thank you."
"If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat."
"I doubt it."
He reached for another slice of French bread.
"But if you want some exercise, I'll show you how to use the treadmill.
And see if I can find an exercise tape."
"Treadmill?
Exercise tape?"
"You'll see."
That night he showed her how to use the treadmill and how to work the VCR.
He rented an exercise video and the two movies he'd mentioned, and Marie found herself looking forward to the next day.
She was up at the crack of dawn, and after she got dressed, she was tempted to go walk on the treadmill before she woke Rick.
Walking but never moving was an interesting experience.
But the fog might not last long, and she had to get back today.
But this time she didn't go charging headlong through the garden.
She'd gotten here by strolling through it thinking about Davis.
She'd been thinking about the kiss that had hurt and horrified her.
Would he be sorry he'd done that now that she was gone?
Surely he'd realized he'd hurt her.
She'd tried to push him away, and her lips had been bleeding.
Marie frowned.
He always apologized for shouting at her, but that hadn't stopped him from shouting at her again.
He'd apologized for hurting her arm, but that hadn't stopped him from hurting her with his kiss.
Would her life with him be like that?
A series of angry words or painful grasps or bruising kisses followed by apologies?
She was still wrestling with that question when she realized that the fog had lifted and she was still in 2011.
Dejected, she went back to Rick.
"It didn't work."
He stood up, taking her hands.
"I'm sorry, Marie."
He hugged her, murmuring, "We won't give up.
And one morning when you least expect it, you'll walk back into your own garden."
Marie closed her eyes, drawing strength from Rick.
She just hoped he was right.
And she hoped it would happen soon.
After Rick had left for work, Marie walked on the treadmill for nearly 45 minutes and then made herself a cup of tea.
Rested, she opened the box containing the exercise movie Rick had gotten her and with delight put it into the BCR.
No--VCR, she corrected herself.
She got so involved in the exercises and then exploring the house that she'd only watched one of the movies--"Gone with the Wind," which made her laugh sometimes and cry sometimes and held her spellbound the entire time--by 5:30, when Rick got home from work.
“Would you like me to get you some more movies for tomorrow?” Rick asked Marie as they prepared dinner together.
“I still have that other one to watch.
‘Casablanca.’”  She handed him the green peppers she’d just chopped.
“What next?” “Mushrooms.”  He handed her a carton.
Rick added some seasonings to the sauce he was stirring.
Glancing at Marie, he saw that she had a mushroom on the cutting board but was just staring at it.
“Is something wrong?” “What?” “You’re staring at that mushroom pretty intently.” “Oh.
No—I was just thinking.”  She began slicing the mushroom.
“About what?” Shaking her hair out of her face, she looked up at him.
“Why do you think this happened to me?
I mean, we’ve tried to figure out how I can get back, but we don’t even know why it happened.” “I don’t know, Marie.
I still can’t really believe it happened.
If you hadn’t been scared half to death, I would have thought you were playing a joke on me.” She smiled a bit.
“If you’re playing a joke on me, I want to take one of your televisions home with me.”  Returning her attention to the mushroom, she frowned.
“And that’s another thing—why 84 years in the future?
Why not five years?
Or 100 years—at least that’s a round number.
Why the year 2011?” Her questions made him reflect uncomfortably.
The fact that he’d read an article about her just days before she’d appeared couldn’t be a coincidence.
He couldn’t begin to explain the how or the why, but the when made sense.
He knew what her future was going to be, so maybe he could help change it.
But he didn’t know if it was a good idea to tell her that right now.
As soon as she went to bed, he’d get the article out and reread it.
Rick heard a sniffle.
He looked in time to see Marie take a swipe at her eyes.
“Please don’t cry, sweetheart,” he said, taking the knife and mushroom from her and drawing her into his arms.
“It’s just so confusing and frightening.”  She hid her face against his chest.
“I don’t know how I got here, I don’t know why it happened, and worst of all, I don’t know how to get back.”  Her body shook with sobs.
Rick’s heart broke for her.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart,” he murmured, stroking her hair.
As her sobs began to subside, he tightened his arms around her and pressed his lips to her ear to whisper, “Maybe you came to 2011 because there’s someone here to help you and care about you.” She pulled back a little and managed a small smile for him.
“At least that’s an explanation I can live with.”  She took the handkerchief he offered her.
He kissed her temple.
“Why don’t we put all this stuff up and have it tomorrow?
I’ll take you out to dinner tonight.” “You don’t have to do that.” “I bet you’d like to try out one of those buffets I told you about.” Her eyes widened.
“A buffet?
With lots of desserts?” He chuckled.
“I know just the place.” Rick’s attentiveness calmed her, and she went to bed that night with a full stomach and an odd sense of security.
Nothing about what had happened to her made sense, but Rick was right.
If she had to walk out of 1927 into another time, she was fortunate she’d walked into his time.
The week went by quickly.
Marie always began the day with a walk in the garden, and Rick always hugged her and dried her tears when she returned.
When he left for work, she'd exercise and watch movies he'd rented for her and clean the house with the supplies she'd discovered.
In the evenings they'd eat and talk and watch TV, but he promised to take her to the shore Saturday.
"The first thing we have to do is buy you a bathing suit," Rick told Marie as they strolled through the mall after dinner Friday evening.
"Be prepared, OK?
I think you'll find them a little immodest."
She tried to prepare herself, but she was shocked by the outfits she was shown.
The material was thin, and they all had plunging necklines, and some were cut so that the edge of the leg hole was almost as high as the arm hole.
But she managed to find two, one red and one black with pink flowers, that were less shocking than the others and took them to the dressing room.
These weren't going to work.
She'd chosen the two with the least amount of décolletage, and they still wouldn't work.
They wouldn't completely hide her chest binding.
She left the dressing room shaking her head.
"These don't fit, Rick."
"Are they too big?"
"No.
They're .
.
.
they .
.
."
How could she tell him?
"What?"
When she looked around uncomfortably, he asked, "Would you rather talk to the salesgirl about it?"
"No!
No .
.
."
She couldn't go to the shore without a bathing suit, and she really wanted to go.
She glanced up at Rick again.
She'd much rather suffer the embarrassment with him than with a stranger.
"It's-it's .
.
.
my binding."
"Your what?"
"My binding--my .
.
.
chest binding.
The bathing suits don't cover it."
"Chest binding?"
"Yes!"
she hissed, her face red.
"So-so that my dresses .
.
.
hang .
.
.
right."
He couldn't believe what he was hearing.
She bound her breasts to flatten them?
She was so small and slender that he'd just assumed she was small busted.
Why would any woman want to flatten her breasts?
"Women don't do that now, Marie.
They like having .
.
.
being .
.
.
voluptuous.
Haven't you noticed?"
She had, but she'd assumed that those weren't decent women, that they were the type to have love affairs with their husbands' brothers.
Some women in 1927 frequently showed cleavage, but not as much as she'd be showing in these bathing suits.
And their legs weren't completely uncovered at the same time.
Swallowing, she considered.
If this was the norm, she could adjust.
It wouldn't be easy, but she did want to go to the shore.
Bravely she returned to the dressing room, took off her clothes and her binding, and put on the black bathing suit.
It fit .
.
.
she thought.
It was tight but not uncomfortably so, and it was pretty.
But she blushed at her profile.
She filled the front of the bathing suit, and the curve of her hips was all too apparent.
To her eyes, she looked bulky.
She didn't want to go out there and ask Rick's opinion.
She blushed again at the thought of people seeing her like this.
But people would see her at the shore tomorrow, so she pushed the curtain aside and stepped out.
"Rick?"
He looked around.
And his mouth fell open.
She had a fantastic body.
He never would have guessed it.
Well, except for the time she'd tried on the jeans.
She had shapely legs-- "Rick?"
She was growing redder as he continued to gape at her.
"Hmmm?"
"Does it fit?
Is this how it's supposed to look?"
"Oh.
Yeah.
It looks great."
"Are you sure?
It feels odd."
"But it looks terrific.
Really terrific."
He finally met her eyes.
Marie was intrigued by the look in his eyes.
"This-this bathing suit," she whispered.
"It makes you .
.
.
it .
.
.
you like seeing me in it, don't you?"
He swallowed.
"Very much."
Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
She was .
.
.
fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
The thought of the article sobered him.
He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
"I like this one best."
Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
Rick looked up, managing a smile.
"OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.
"Listen, Marie, there are a couple of other things I want you to get."
"What?"
"Let's go in here."
He led her into a large department store and began searching for ladies' lingerie.
While Marie looked around at all the lacy, sometimes colorful articles, Rick found a saleslady.
"My friend over there, for reasons I won't go into, may not know her sizes.
Will you help her find a couple of bras and some underwear?"
"Of course--I'll take care of her."
The lady could tell Marie's underwear size with no problem.
But when Marie came out of the dressing room complaining that the 32B was too tight, she wondered how she'd missed the girl's bust size by such a margin.
Marie found that she loved shopping for modern lingerie.
She liked lace and rich colors and chose black, emerald, fuchsia, and royal blue underwear.
It really didn't matter, she supposed, what her underwear looked like.
But she couldn't wait to get home and change into her new things.
"Thank you for-for .
.
.
the new clothes, Rick," she said shyly, taking his arm as they walked away with their purchases.
"Now I won't have to wash my clothes every night."
He looked down at her with chagrin.
"I didn't even think about that.
I'm sorry, Marie--we should have gone shopping sooner.
And I should have shown you how to use the washer and dryer.
I'll do that tomorrow."
"But we're going to the shore."
"I'll show you when we get home.
Come on--let's go buy you some more outfits."
He insisted on buying her a pair of pants, a dress, two t-shirts, and two pairs of shorts.
"But Rick, what if I get back to 1927 tomorrow?"
she protested as he paid the salesgirl.
"Don't worry.
I'll save the clothes for the next girl from 1927 who wanders into my garden."
As he handed her one of the bags, he saw the consternation on her face.
"I'm sorry, Marie," he told her as they left the store.
"I didn't mean to make light of your predicament."
"No .
.
.
no .
.
.
it's not that."
"What's wrong then?"
She frowned.
"Do you think another girl from the past might come into your garden?"
He laughed.
"I doubt it.
Of course, I would have bet my life that not even one girl from the past would walk into my garden."
He glanced down at her again.
"Why?
Would that bother you?"
"Yes."
She'd become so accustomed to being honest with him that she didn't even think about dissimulating.
"Why?"
When she merely glanced up at him and quickened her pace, he caught her arm.
"I'm sorry--don't be mad.
I'll buy you some frozen yogurt.
That'll make you feel better."
She gave him a small smile, but when they reached the yogurt stand, she said that she didn't want any.
She was quiet during the ride home, and after a few attempts to draw her into conversation, he left her alone, unable to figure out what was bothering her.
"Do you want to watch TV?"
he asked when they got home.
"Yes--no.
I don't know."
She was close to tears.
He took her shoulders and drew her into his arms.
"What's wrong, Marie?
Why are you so upset?"
Her tears spilled over.
"I don't want any other girl to walk into your garden."
"None will.
Honey, what happened was some kind of aberration, some-" "I shouldn't care.
I've only known you for a week.
And-and I'm betrothed.
I shouldn't care what you do--I shouldn't .
.
.
shouldn't .
.
."
He squeezed her closer.
"You know me.
You trust me.
You've spent more time with me than you spent with your fiancé in a month--" "Three months."
"--and you have a certain right to feel possessive."
He kissed the top of her head.
"We'll leave it at that for now, OK?"
"OK." After a few moments, he raised his head and pulled away slightly.
When she looked up at him, so beautiful and trusting and fragile, he bent his head to kiss her.
But she turned her face away.
"I'm sorry," he whispered, kissing her temple instead of her lips, her full, soft, luscious red lips .
.
.
"Let's find something funny to watch."
They found an "I Love Lucy" rerun, but for once Marie couldn't pay attention to the television.
Rick was sitting back in the corner of the sofa, and she was leaning against him with his arm around her.
How could she be so comfortable with a man after only a week?
They always sat like this now, and they frequently embraced during the day.
And she loved it.
She didn't have to trick him into holding her, didn't have to dance with him to get his arms around her.
He liked holding her.
And he'd been home at 5:30 every day, just as he'd promised--just because he wanted to be with her.
Davis had never rearranged his schedule for her.
Rick spent every moment of every evening with her.
He'd even refused to play racquetball tomorrow with a friend who called last night because he wanted to spend both Saturday and Sunday with her.
Marie blinked back tears of confusion.
She was betrothed to Davis.
But it was getting harder and harder to remember why she'd fallen in love with him.
He didn't spend much time with her, didn't hold her very often, didn't do anything really fun.
And he wasn't nearly as handsome as Rick.
Rick had beautiful blue eyes and-and a broad, muscular chest that she got to see every morning if she woke up before he did.
In her dreams, he never had on a shirt, and he was always smiling.
That dream might change now.
Right now the image in her mind was of his face as it had come closer and closer to hers.
She'd wanted him to kiss her.
But she was going to marry Davis--she couldn't kiss another man!
"Are you hungry, honey?"
Rick asked when "I Love Lucy" went off.
"No.
But I-I don't feel like watching TV any more right now.
Could we do something else?
Will you show me how to use the washing machine?"
After they'd put in a load of clothes, they had some ice cream and then returned to the living room to read.
Rick had gotten her the Dragonriders of Pern series, since those books were about a world that was new to all readers and had very few offensive elements.
She'd wanted some romances, but he was afraid that they'd be too explicit for her.
And, fortunately, she'd found that she loved the Pern books.
She was almost finished with the second one.
Rick had just risen to make them some tea when the phone rang.
“Hello?” he said, carrying the phone into the kitchen.
“Hi, Rick.
This is Sharon.
Are you busy?” “No.
How are you doing?” “OK.
I haven’t seen you for a while, and I was wondering if you’d like to come over for brunch Sunday.” “I’m sorry—I can’t.
I have a friend staying with me.” “Bring him.” Rick froze.
“Uh .
.
.” “Oh.
Is it a ‘her’?” “Yeah.
She’s not an old girlfriend or anything, but—“ “But things can be complicated.
I understand.
Give me a call sometime if you like.” “I will.
Thanks, Sharon.” She really was a very nice girl, he mused as he made the tea.
But he hadn’t given her a thought since Marie had walked into his life.
Marie looked up when Rick came back into the living room with their tea.
“Thank you.
I thought you were talking on the telephone.” “I was.
But it wasn’t anything important.” “You didn’t turn down another racquetball game because of me, did you?”  His refusing the game had both thrilled her and made her feel guilty.
“No—no racquetball game.”  When she quirked an eyebrow at him, he admitted, “A brunch.” Her eyes widened.
“Are you seeing a young lady?
Rick, I—“ “No, no.”  He sat down beside her.
“She’s just a friend.
We’ve gone out a few times.” “Still, I don’t want to disrupt your life.
You should accept her invitation.” “I don’t want to.
I’d rather be with you.” She smiled and leaned over to kiss his cheek, but she could no longer concentrate on her book.
How could it be that a man she’d known only a week wanted to be with her all the time when she’d gone four or five days at a time without seeing the man to whom she was betrothed?
Could it be that Davis’ job was harder than Rick’s?
No—it wasn’t just that Rick didn’t spend half the evening at his office.
He’d even chosen to be with her rather than with a girl he’d known longer than he had her, a girl from his own decade.
Confusing thoughts and feelings kept her from being able to fall asleep quickly that night.
She'd had so much fun this week, watching pictures and using the microwave oven and wearing blue jeans, but she missed her parents and her brother and Tom and Davis.
They had to be out of their minds with worry and grief.
They probably thought she'd been kidnapped.
She wished that she could let them know that she was all right.
And that someone was taking care of her.
She'd only known Rick a week, but she already trusted him.
More than she trusted Davis.
Rick had kept his promise and come home at 5:30 every day, and he'd apologized for trying to kiss her.
The last time she'd seen Davis, he'd kissed her so hard that her teeth had cut her lips.
And he certainly hadn't apologized.
She touched the ring that Davis had put on her left hand, twisting it.
Could she spend her entire life with a man like that?
CHAPTER SEVEN
In spite of her lack of sleep, Marie awoke early the next morning.
She couldn't wait to go to the shore.
After her walk through the garden, Rick wanted to go back to bed for a while, but she begged him to leave right away.
Excitedly she put on her bathing suit, glad that there was no full-length mirror in her room.
Rick had assured her that her bathing suit was very modest for 2011, but she still felt apprehensive as she stepped into the hall.
"Rick!
Are you ready?"
"Just a second."
He came out moments later in shorts and a shirt.
"You're not ready!"
she exclaimed in disappointment.
He gazed at her for a few seconds, his eyes taking in every delicious curve, before replying, "I am ready.
These are my swimming trunks."
"And you swim with the shirt on?"
"I'll take it off when we get there."
How could she be so small and have such an incredible body?
Marie glanced down at herself self-consciously.
"You said that this was very modest."
"It is."
"Then why are you looking at me like that?"
He swallowed.
"I've never seen anyone who looks as good as you in one."
She smiled then, reaching for his hand.
"Come on--let's go."
"Wait.
You need to put on shorts and a shirt over your bathing suit."
"Oh.
OK."  She went to do as he said.
Marie had been to the shore before, but it had been years ago.
Her father didn't think it was appropriate for a young woman of her position to be parading around half naked.
If only he could see her now, she thought with a grin as she took off her shirt and shorts.
There were only a handful of other people on the beach.
Rick and Marie went for a stroll--or rather, Rick strolled while Marie ran into and out of the surf.
When they returned to their blanket an hour later, she was tired enough to be talked into sunbathing for a while.
"Put some of this lotion all over your skin so you won't get burned."
Rick handed her a bottle.
"Mmm.
It smells like coconut pie."
She rubbed it all over her exposed skin and then stretched out on her stomach.
Rick took the bottle.
"I'll rub some on your back."
"Oh."
She hadn't even thought about that.
He rubbed lotion into her smooth, flawless skin.
She was so small that when he used both hands, they almost completely covered her back.
He liked touching her, and he spent so much time rubbing her back that he was afraid she was growing suspicious.
But she hadn't uttered a single word.
Dropping a light kiss on her shoulder, he moved away.
Marie felt drowsy with pleasure and wished he hadn't stopped.
But as he stretched out beside her, she realized how very much she wanted to return the favor.
Pushing herself up, she reached for the bottle of lotion.
"Turn over, and I'll put some on your back."
He flipped onto his stomach, closing his eyes in anticipation.
Ahhh.
Those soft, slender hands imitated what she'd felt him do to her, rubbing and caressing.
He only wished he could get her to do his chest as well so that he could gaze up at her as she ran her hands over him.
Marie liked touching him.
He was big and muscular, and she'd thought that just looking at him without his shirt was a great pleasure.
But that was before she'd gotten to run her hands over him.
After a few minutes she stopped and lay down with a sigh.
The beach was beautiful, and the air smelled so good.
She liked being here with Rick.
All morning he'd looked at her like she was a goddess.
Or a cone of ice cream.
She giggled at the thought.
Wondering if Rick had heard her, she glanced over at him.
He hadn't moved.
Raising her head, she leaned a little closer to him.
He was asleep!
She lay there for a few more minutes, but she was too restless to keep lying still, especially with no one to talk to.
So at last she jumped up and ran into the waves.
Rick woke up slowly with no idea of how long he'd been asleep.
It had been an exhausting week, and he'd gotten less sleep than usual.
Of course, he'd had much more fun than usual too, he thought with a lazy smile.
He turned to see if Marie was asleep.
She wasn't there!
Springing to his feet, he looked around.
The beach had become crowded while he was asleep, and he didn't see her anywhere.
"Marie!"
he called in a moderately loud voice.
Maybe she'd gone for a swim.
His heart pounded as he ran toward the waves.
He hoped she had enough sense not to go out very far.
Just as he ran into the surf, he heard a familiar laugh.
He turned to see Marie jump to catch a frisbee.
She threw it to one of three--no, four--guys surrounding her.
"Marie!"
She turned to wave to him.
"Hi, Rick!
Do you want to play frisbee?"
"No."
He watched her play for a couple of minutes and then headed back toward the blanket.
Marie ran after him.
"Don't you want to play?"
she asked, clinging to his arm.
"No."
She could tell he was angry.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing."
He dropped onto the blanket.
"Yes, there is."
She knelt beside him.
"What is it?"
After a few moments he turned to face her.
"Do you know why those guys kept throwing the frisbee to you?"
"To watch me jump and bend."
When his eyes showed surprise, she told him, "I know I'm naive, Rick, but I'm not totally stupid.
After all, you stared at me all morning."
"That's different," he muttered, glancing away.
"Why?"
When he didn't answer, she took his hand, lacing her fingers with his.
"They tried to make a game of picking me up and throwing me into the waves, but I wouldn't let them.
I didn't let them touch me.
Not even to help me up."
She played with a damp, curling lock of his hair.
"I'm still a woman of the '20s.
I don't let men hold my hand or embrace me or touch me in any way .
.
.
unless I know they truly care about me."
He turned to her, reading trust and honesty in her eyes.
Without a word he slid his arms around her, burying his face in her neck as he hugged her.
She coaxed him into the water, where they swam and floated on gentle waves.
He stayed in until his stomach was rumbling loudly enough to frighten the fish, and then he convinced Marie to leave the water by promising her a hot dog.
It was a treat she rarely had.
So he bought her one with the works, along with onion rings and a Sprite.
She'd never had either of those two, and she sighed and rolled her eyes as if she were feasting on ambrosia.
Since she'd had Coke but never heard of Sprite, he assumed that Sprite hadn't been invented by 1927, but he wondered if maybe the fact that she'd never had onion rings was due to her social class.
Times had definitely changed where food was concerned.
You had to be extremely wealthy and travel in very exclusive circles if you'd never had onion rings or-- "Pizza!"
she exclaimed when she saw a girl walk by with a slice.
"I've seen the commercials on television.
Is it really good?"
"Fantastic.
We can call and order some tonight."
"Call and order?"
"Yeah--pizza places deliver to your house."
"Really?"
He smiled at her surprise, leaning over to wipe mustard from the corner of her mouth.
"Really."
It was nearly 4:00 before he could talk her into going home.
She'd built a sand dragon with a group of people, and then both she and Rick had played volleyball.
She claimed that she could keep going, but she fell asleep on the way home.
They were too tired to do anything but watch TV that evening.
They went to bed early, but still, she didn't wake up until almost 9:00 the next morning.
There was no use walking in the garden this morning, she decided with a yawn.
She listened carefully but didn't hear Rick's shower or any noise in the kitchen.
It was past his usual breakfast time, so he'd be starved when he got up.
She could have breakfast ready for him, maybe even serve it to him in bed.
Jumping up, she pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and ran downstairs.
She didn't know how to make very much, but she could scramble some eggs, prepare bacon in the microwave, and make some toast.
It didn't even take very long.
She put a glass of juice and a cup of tea for Rick on the tray and a glass of milk for herself.
Carefully she carried it upstairs.
Rick was still asleep when she nudged the door open.
She went in, set the tray on the floor, and then sat beside him.
"Rick."
She played with a curl on his forehead.
He turned away from her hand, so she tickled his ear with her fingernail.
His eyes finally opened, and he blinked up at her, smiling lazily.
"Good morning."
"Good morning."
"Time to go walking in the garden?"
"No--it's too late for that.
I overslept.
Are you hungry?
I made you breakfast."
"You did?
I'll go down as soon as I get dressed."
"I brought it to you."
She went to pick up the tray.
"Wow."
He sat up, arranging his pillows behind him.
"That looks great."
She was happy when he began eating with gusto.
"What are we going to do today?"
"I don't know.
Whatever you want."
She smiled.
"Go to the shore again?"
He groaned, pulling the blanket just low enough for her to be able to compare the skin his swimming trunks had covered with the red skin above it.
"I don't want to even see the sun."
"I thought that was what the lotion was for."
"So did I."
He picked up his fork.
"At least it worked for you."
She'd been slightly pink yesterday, but today she was a lovely golden brown.
"I was in the water more than you."
She licked jelly from her lips.
"Would you like me to go get you more juice?"
"No thank you."
He took a sip of tea.
"No one's ever served me breakfast in bed before."
"Really?"
She smiled.
"I'm glad I'm the first."
He glanced at her left hand.
She'd taken off her engagement ring yesterday before they'd left for the shore, and she hadn't put it back on last night.
She wasn't wearing it this morning, either.
He wondered if she realized it but decided not to ask her.
Setting his cup down, he said, "How would you like another new experience?"
She smiled in delight.
"What?"
"Washing my car."
Her face fell.
"I could do that in 1927."
"But have you?"
"No."
She laughed.
"Come on--let's go do it."
He hadn't considered the fact that the water hose would be a new toy for her.
"Time to rinse, Marie."
"OK.  Look--it's making a rainbow!"
Smiling, he shook his head.
"See if it'll make a rainbow on the car."
"Good idea."
She sprayed the car, but no rainbow appeared, so she adjusted the nozzle to make a wider spray.
Inspired by the fine drops that shot out, she pointed the nozzle straight into the air.
"Rain!"
"Hey!"
Rick backed out of the spray.
Laughing, Marie pointed the water at him.
"Have a drink!"
"Marie!"
He tried to run away, but she chased him.
Thoroughly soaked, he changed tactics and ran toward her.
She screeched and started to run, but he seized her around the waist and grabbed the hose.
"You're in trouble now."
He released her and then squirted her.
Laughing again, Marie twirled in the spray.
"This is fun!"
Rick shook his head, grinning.
"What am I going to do with you?"
Dropping the hose, he went to hug her.
"You're absolutely incorrigible."
"Who, me?"
She leaned back to smile up at him.
"Is it my fault you have all these wonderful toys?"
He smiled, removing a wet strand of hair from her face.
"I'm glad you're having a good time."
"I am.
Thank you, Rick."
He swallowed, his eyes locked on her face.
"Do you know how incredibly beautiful you are?"
"I'm a mess."
"No.
You're beautiful."
She lowered her eyes.
"Thank you."
Rick tilted her chin up, making her meet his eyes.
When she didn't pull away, he lowered his mouth to hers.
Marie's heart pounded, her hands clutching convulsively at his wet shirt.
Her eyes fluttered shut, but his lips had barely touched hers when she pulled back.
"Rick--" "Marie."
He brushed his lips over hers and nuzzled her cheek before burying his face in her neck.
He was holding her so tightly and her heart was beating so hard that she was sure he could feel it.
She wanted to kiss him more than she'd ever wanted anything .
.
.
but it wasn't right.
She was betrothed to Davis.
She couldn't kiss another man.
Reluctantly she pulled away.
"I guess we should finish washing your car."
"OK."  His eyes focused on her lips.
His tiny bit of contact with them had been electric.
He suspected that if he persisted, he could break down her resistance, but he cared about her too much to do that.
Marie couldn't stop thinking about Rick's kiss.
It had been brief, but she could remember everything about it in vivid detail.
She closed her eyes as she stood in the shower, reliving the moment.
In her mind she could see his face as he told her she was beautiful.
Her heart had sped up then but nothing like when he'd tilted her chin up and looked into her eyes.
She'd known then that he was going to kiss her, but she'd been unable to turn away.
And then his lips had touched hers.
She shivered beneath the hot spray as she remembered the pleasure she'd felt.
But that pleasure had frightened her, because it was wrong.
She was betrothed to Davis.
When she was dressed, she put her betrothal ring back on.
She shouldn't have left it off last night.
And she should have asked Rick to set an alarm for her so that she could have walked in the garden this morning.
She shouldn't skip any mornings; she never knew which day might be the one when she'd find herself back in 1927.
When she went downstairs, Rick was watching television.
"Want to watch `Bonanza'?"
he asked.
"OK." He glanced at her, bemused, when she sat down on the far end of the sofa.
"You can come closer.
I don't bite."
"I'm not worried about being bitten."
"So you're worried I'll try to kiss you again?"
She glanced at him.
"Will you?"
"Not if you tell me you don't like it."
She wished he hadn't phrased it that way.
"I'm betrothed, you know."
"I know."
That thought wouldn't stop him.
"And I'm going back to 1927."
That thought would.
Sobered, he told her, "I'll miss you, Marie."
"Really?"
"Very much."
She moved to sit beside him.
"Do you see a lot of girls?"
"You've been living with me for a week.
What do you think?"
She smiled.
"One called this week."
"Did I go out with her?"
Her smile faded.
"You should have.
I don't want to disrupt your life, Rick."
Briefly he considered trying again to kiss her but instead took a lock of her hair to play with.
"You haven't disrupted it.
You've made it better."
He put his arm around her, squeezing her shoulders.
"Anyway, today alone has been a perfect date."
"What do you mean?"
"Breakfast in bed, washing my car, now watching TV."
"You call that a date?"
"Yeah.
What do you call a date?"
"You know--going out to dinner and then dancing or to a concert or something."
"I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
She frowned.
"Why?"
"Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
"This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."
She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.
Rick was so different from Davis.
She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.
But when she could again talk with her mother, there'd be no point.
Rick would be gone.
That thought brought tears to her eyes, and she snuggled closer to him, wishing she could have everyone she cared about in the same decade.
They spent the afternoon watching TV, reading, and napping.
"I feel so lazy," Marie said, stretching as she yawned.
"It's nice to have a day like this every now and then, though."
"Yeah."
She looked at his arms with concern.
"How does your sunburn feel?"
she asked him.
"Still a little sore.
I should have put some lotion on this morning."
"Go do it now."
"I'm feeling too lazy."
"Tell me where it is, and I'll get it for you."
Following his instructions, she went to his bathroom and got the lotion.
Opening the bottle, she sniffed it as she descended the stairs.
It didn't smell as good as the sunscreen, so she wasn't tempted to rub any onto her own skin.
"Thanks, honey--this'll feel great."
He rubbed some on his legs and then stripped off his shirt.
Marie watched in fascination as he applied the lotion to his arms and chest.
When he was finished, she told him, "I'll do your back."
"Thanks."
She used both hands, slowly rubbing the lotion over every inch of his back.
She couldn't even imagine touching Davis like this, and she didn't think it had anything to do with morals.
She just didn't feel comfortable enough with him to do something this personal.
Yet here she was running her hands all over the back of a man she'd known only a week.
Was it a difference in morals?
Or times?
Or was it Rick?
She'd never known a man so warm and kind and open.
Feeling a surge of affection, she slid her arms around his waist, laying her cheek against his back.
"How does that feel?"
"Better than you could ever imagine."
He sucked in his breath, standing perfectly still.
He didn't want to be released from her embrace.
But moments later she pulled away from him.
"I'm hungry."
"What do you want to do for dinner?"
"I don't know.
More pizza?"
She'd loved the pizza they'd had last night.
It had been thick and gooey and messy.
She'd found it both delicious and fun to eat.
"Maybe tomorrow night.
I think we need something a little less fattening tonight.
Why don't I barbecue some chicken?"
She wrapped potatoes and put them in the oven while he got the grill going.
"Do you barbecue in 1927?"
"My family doesn't.
Other people do."
"Really?
What do you do at all those garden parties?"
He laid the chicken on the grill.
"Gossip and eat little sandwiches and sip tea."
"Sounds like fun."
He rolled his eyes.
She sat down in a lounge chair on the patio.
"Life should be terribly exciting for me.
Having fun is important in 1927--dancing, music, pictures--all kinds of merriment.
And my father is wealthy.
We have enough money to do anything we want.
But all he wants to do is earn more money.
When I was 19, we went to a new resort in Palm Beach.
For months I looked forward to it, but it was a terrible disappointment.
Father went only because a man with whom he had business was going there for the Christmas holidays.
And he wouldn't allow me out.
He's very protective."
"And you didn't sneak out?"
Rick asked with exaggerated astonishment.
"Of course I did."
She grinned.
"But I didn't get as many opportunities as I would have liked.
Still, I love my father very much.
I miss him.
And my mother.
And--"  Her voice caught in her throat, and she looked away.
Rick leaned forward to take her hands.
"I'm sorry, honey.
I know it's hard for you.
But I bet you'll walk back into 1927 when you least expect it."
That thought depressed him.
She saw the sadness in his eyes and leaned forward to lay her hand on his knee.
"I enjoy being here with you, Rick.
If I'd met you in 1927 .
.
."
If she'd met him in 1927, she'd probably have felt every bit as much confusion as she was feeling now.
He took her hand, pressing his lips into her palm.
"If you belonged in 2011, things would be different."
He stroked her fingers thoughtfully.
If she belonged here, he would be pursuing her relentlessly.
But she wanted to go back to 1927.
So there was absolutely no point in falling in love with her.
Marie found herself thinking about Rick all the time that week.
He was always smiling, always kind and gentle.
He showed her new things he thought she'd like and took her places and bought her gifts.
But what she enjoyed most was just being with him.
He made her feel special.
And he was protective without making her feel confined.
He called her every day at lunch and sometimes later in the afternoon.
Last week he'd been concerned about her, worried about how she was getting along in a strange place.
But now they chatted and made plans for the evening.
And he was always home by 5:30.
All day long she looked forward to 5:30.
One of her newborn fantasies revolved around Rick's afternoon return.
She imagined him walking through the door, exclaiming that he couldn't stand it any longer, sweeping her into his arms, kissing her.
Her favorite, though, was having him tiptoe into her room in the morning to play with her hair until her eyelids fluttered open and then bend over her to kiss her.
He wouldn't be wearing a shirt, and, miraculously, her breath would be fresh and sweet.
Those dreams were silly, of course.
Not because they couldn't happen but because they could.
Marie frowned as she poured soap into the washing machine.
She wanted very much to kiss Rick.
But she was betrothed to Davis.
She shouldn't be kissing other men.
But it was getting harder to remember that.
Rick filled both her days and her thoughts.
Marie wanted to go to the shore again the next weekend, but Rick's memories of his burn the previous weekend hadn't faded as fast as the burn.
"Suppose I teach you to drive instead?"
he suggested as they drove home Friday night after dinner and a movie.
"Drive?
Your automobile?"
"Sure.
Would you like that?"
"I'd love it!"
She almost choked on her Slurpee, the first she'd ever had.
"Where can I drive to?"
"From one end of the parking lot to the other."
"A parking lot?"
"I'll take you to a big, empty parking lot somewhere and let you get the feel of it.
When you feel comfortable, I might let you drive around some quiet neighborhoods, but you need to study the rules of the road so you can get a license.
Then we'll see about trying out the streets downtown and the highways."
"You have to have a license to drive?"
"Yeah--it's illegal to drive without one."
"How do you get one?"
"You have to study the rules and pass a written test, and then they take you out on the road and see how you drive."
"When can I do it?"
She couldn't wait to get her hands on the steering wheel.
"Like I said, I'll let you drive in a parking lot tomorrow.
I'll pick up a booklet for you to study one day this week."
She woke up so excited the next morning that she jumped into her clothes, ran through the garden, and was racing up the stairs less than ten minutes after she'd awakened.
"Rick!"
she called, running into her bedroom to get her bathrobe.
"Rick, wake up!
It's almost 8:00!"
Rick groaned, wishing he'd told her that driving wasn't allowed before 10:00 a.m.
He turned over and went back to sleep, but 15 minutes later, after her shower, she pounded on his door.
"Rick, are you up?
I'll be ready in 20 minutes!"
He couldn't help smiling as he rubbed his eyes sleepily.
She was so excited about everything.
He'd better not let her have tea before she got behind the wheel.
"OK, I turn the key, right?"
she said, almost quivering with excitement as she slid behind the wheel.
"Yeah, but take a minute to calm down.
Take a deep breath."
He covered her hand with his, smiling.
"Now turn the key until you hear the car start and then let go."
She turned it and let go as soon as she heard a noise.
But then the noise stopped.
The second time she held the key longer, jerking her hand away when she heard a grinding sound.
"What did I do?"
"You kept the key turned too long.
It's OK--you'll get the feel of it.
The motor's running, so put your foot on the brake.
OK, now press the button in on the handle there and move it to D."  When she'd done that, he said, "Now let your foot off the brake."
She did so.
"Oh!
We're moving!"
She tightened her grip on the steering wheel.
"Relax.
Just turn in the direction you want to go."
For a few seconds they rolled forward, and then Rick saw her relax.
"OK, press on the gas pedal.
Just a little.
Not--" he grunted--"like that."
She'd pressed it a little too hard and then, panicking, stepped hard on the brake.
"I'm sorry."
She bit her lower lip.
"It's OK.  We have this whole parking lot--you can't hurt anything.
Just relax and take your time."
It took a while for her to get the hang of it, but an hour or so later, she was cruising around the parking lot, making reasonably smooth starts and stops.
Rick was glad to see that her initial difficulties had made her cautious.
That should curb her excitement when she got out on the road.
They drove a little the next day, and Monday Rick picked up a booklet at the DMV.
Marie spent all day Tuesday studying it and was sure that she could pass the test.
Rick had found out, however, that she couldn't get one without a social security number.
Marie was disappointed, of course, but Rick wasn't sure it was a good idea for her to drive alone, anyway, and she'd eventually want to do that if she had a license.
Besides, he was putting together a surprise for her that he knew would take her mind off driving.
Marie was doing laundry Thursday afternoon when the phone rang.
Putting down the lid and turning the machine on, she ran to answer it.
"Hello?"
"Hi, sweetheart--how is everything?"
"Fine.
I'm doing the laundry."
"I have a blue shirt hanging on the bathroom doorknob--" "I found it.
It's in the dryer."
"Thanks--you're terrific.
Listen, I called to tell you that I may be a little late tonight."
"Why?"
"I have a lot of things to wrap up before the weekend.
But I have a surprise for you that'll make up for it."
"It will have to be a really special surprise."
He laughed.
"It is.
And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
I'll try not to be very late."
He was still smiling as he hung up.
She was incredible.
The last three weeks had been wonderful.
She was so much fun, and he loved knowing that she'd be waiting for him when he got home.
Sometimes the intimacy of living with her was a strain--sleeping and showering under the same roof, shopping for underwear and doing laundry, lazy evenings when he held her close.
She was beautiful and sexy, and he ached to kiss and caress her and make love to her.
But he cared about her too much to press her.
"Marie!"
he called when he got home that afternoon.
"I'll be down in a minute!"
He went to the kitchen and set the pizza on the table.
As he was filling glasses with ice, she padded into the kitchen.
"Hi.
I thought you'd be later."
It was only 6:30.
"So did I.
But I hurried--I couldn't wait to get home."
He smiled at her.
"We need to add a bathrobe to our shopping list, don't we?"
She was wearing his, obviously having just showered.
"No.
I like wearing yours."
"Do you want to run and get dressed before we eat?"
"No.
I want to know what the surprise is."
He laughed.
"You remembered that, did you?"
He filled their glasses with Coke.
"Well, I'll probably have to work late tomorrow too."
She stared at him in dismay.
"That's the surprise?"
He laughed.
"No.
I have to work late because of the surprise.
I have quite a bit of vacation time coming, and I thought I'd take some next week.
Since I'm not giving much notice, I have a lot of things I have to take care of tomorrow."
If a vacation was the surprise, it must include her, but she didn't want to make any assumptions.
"What plans have you made for your vacation?"
"I thought we'd spend Saturday shopping for whatever you may need, and we'll leave Sunday morning."
"Leave for where?"
"Los Angeles."
She frowned.
"Los Angeles?"
"Hollywood."
Marie screamed, almost knocking Rick off his feet when she leapt into his arms.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you!
I can't believe it!"
She hugged him hard and kissed his cheek.
"Do you mean it?"
"Of course I mean it.
That would be a terrible joke."
"Oh, Rick, thank you so much!
I'm going to go pack."
She turned to go upstairs.
"Whoa."
He caught her hand, chuckling.
"It's three days before we leave.
I think you can sit down and eat first."
But she was too excited to eat.
"Will we get to meet any stars?"
"I don't know.
They guard their privacy.
But we'll do the Paramount and Universal tours."
"The what?"
"Tours of Paramount Studios and Universal Studios."
"Really?"
she squealed.
"Will we get to be in a movie?"
"No."
He reached out to squeeze her hand.
"Listen, sweetheart--Hollywood probably isn't what you imagine.
Everyone in the world would love to be in the movies, and there's a lot of lying and cheating and scheming to get ahead in the industry.
Hollywood's specialty is illusion.
I don't want you to be too disappointed."
"How could I be?
I never even thought I'd get to go!
Thank you so much, Rick."
She jumped up to kiss his cheek again.
Marie couldn't sleep that night.
She was going to Hollywood!
She wouldn't be able to see Mary Pickford or Douglas Fairbanks, but maybe she'd see some of her new favorites, like Mel Gibson and Julia Roberts.
She managed to doze a little but was wide awake before dawn.
Deciding to do an aerobics tape until it was light enough to walk in the garden, she put on her workout clothes and went downstairs.
She didn't know how she was going to be able to wait two entire days.
She was so excited that she felt like she could run all the way to Hollywood.
After 45 minutes of aerobics, she still wasn't tired!
She wouldn't be able to sit still and watch TV today.
She'd do all their laundry and clean the house from top to bottom and have dinner ready when Rick got home.
She glanced at her watch and decided to get everything ready for breakfast so that it wouldn't take long to cook it for Rick as soon as they got back from her walk.
She froze in place.
What if she got back to 1927 today?
She wouldn't get to go to Hollywood.
Dropping into a chair, she drew her legs up and wrapped her arms around her knees.
She wanted to go to Hollywood more than she'd ever wanted anything.
Well, not more than she wanted to go home.
She was having fun here, but it was as if she were on holiday.
She missed her mother and father and friends, and she didn't think she could bear it if she thought she'd never get back.
What if she skipped her walk in the garden today and today turned out to be her chance to get back?
But she knew that no one in 1927 was going to take her to Hollywood.
She smiled, remembering with pleasure the moment when Rick had said he was taking her to Hollywood.
Her heart sped up again at just the memory.
Hollywood!
Rick was giving her her dream.
He'd known her only three weeks and was taking time off from his job to take her where she wanted to go.
No one had ever been as sweet to her or as thoughtful as Rick.
"Morning."
Marie jumped, looking up at Rick.
"Good morning."
She glanced out the window and realized she must have been sitting there for nearly 30 minutes.
"Have you been out to the garden already?"
"No."
She stood and went to him.
"I want to go home--" "I know, sweetheart."
He caressed her hair, wishing he knew how to comfort her.
"I want to go home, but I also want to go to Hollywood."
He chuckled.
"Do you want to cut out the walk in the garden until we get back?"
"I'm afraid--oh."
It had just now occurred to her that she wouldn't be able to walk in the garden for the whole week they were gone.
But she just couldn't pass up the chance to go to Hollywood.
She'd compromise.
She'd walk today and tomorrow, and if she got back home .
.
.
well, at least she'd be back home.
That thought filled her with an astonishing sadness.
Sadness, not just disappointment over Hollywood—-because she'd miss Rick.
"Afraid of what?"
Rick stroked her cheek with his thumb.
"Hmmm?
Oh.
Nothing."
Standing on tiptoe, she kissed his cheek.
"I'll go change clothes and be right back."
She wished she could wear her sneakers, she mused as she roamed through the garden in her bulky black shoes.
But she couldn't very well walk into her house wearing shorts and sneakers.
She did, however, have on black lace underwear that she'd gotten at the mall.
No one would know about that, and it would be a reminder of her adventure in 2011.
She wandered full circle and, for the first time, wasn't disappointed when she saw Rick's fountain.
He stood up when he saw her, and she walked into his arms.
"What do I need to do to get ready for Hollywood?"
she asked, rubbing her cheek against his shoulder.
She spent the day washing and ironing and folding clothes and cleaning the house.
While the lasagna she'd made for dinner baked, she made a list of what she wanted to buy the next day.
They needed new beach towels and more sunscreen and aloe vera lotion.
She wanted a nice dress to wear in the evening, but she hesitated about putting it on the list.
She didn't want to ask Rick for anything frivolous, and she'd probably get to wear the dress only once or twice.
But she didn't want him to be embarrassed by a companion who wasn't dressed appropriately.
Well, she'd ask him where he planned to take her and what she should wear.
"Why don't we find you a nice, simple dress?"
Rick asked the next day after they'd bought towels and lotions and visors and sunglasses.
She smiled, hugging his arm.
She hadn't even mentioned the dress.
"Thank you.
I was hoping I could get one."
He glanced down at her.
"Sweetheart, you can get anything you want."
With delight she browsed through racks of dresses and then tried on half a dozen.
"I like the black one the best," Rick told her.
"Really?
You like it better than the red?"
"Yeah.
The red one is very pretty, but the black one is elegant and sophisticated."
"OK.
I'll take it."
They bought the dress and matching sandals.
As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
"I can't wait!"
she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
Rick smiled.
"Do you think we have everything we need?"
"Yes.
Thank you so much, Rick."
She flung her arms around him.
She packed for both of them and finally, unable to find anything else to do, dropped onto the sofa beside him.
"I'm excited."
"I hadn't noticed."
He squeezed her shoulders.
"Are you ready to watch `E.T.'?"
He'd rented the movie because of the "E.T."
ride they'd see at Universal Studios.
"Yeah.”  She sighed, snuggling closer to him as he pressed the remote button.
"Thank you, Rick."
"For the movie?"
"No.
For the trip.
I can't believe you're taking me to Hollywood.
I can't believe you're going to Hollywood just for me."
"I'm going to have as much fun as you are."
He stroked her hair.
"I love being with you, Marie.
And I love seeing your excitement.
Every time I see you get excited about a microwave or a dishwasher or a blacklight, it makes me want to think of something else I can show you or give you."
Her heart tightened.
"Thank you."
She tilted her head back to look up at him.
"Thank you so much, Rick."
He stroked her cheek with his forefinger.
"I'd do anything for you, sweetheart."
When she didn't look away, simply continuing to gaze into his eyes, he slowly lowered his mouth to hers, brushing his lips over hers.
She didn't pull away.
Gathering her closer, he kissed her gently.
Marie's pulse raced as Rick's lips moved over hers.
This .
.
.
this was nothing like Davis's kisses.
Rick's kiss was making her tremble.
She returned it briefly and then pulled away, hiding her face against his shoulder in confusion.
How could she like Rick's kiss more than Davis'?
How could his kiss make her feel so hot and weak?
Rick drew in a shaky breath, laying his cheek against her hair.
That one small, hesitant kiss had been so exciting that he knew he'd be lost if she ever kissed him the way he wanted.
And he knew himself well enough and was honest enough to admit that it wasn't just because she was beautiful and sexy.
He was in love with her.
Marie's pulse rate was almost back to normal, but her mind was still racing.
"Rick," she began without looking at him, "if I told you that your kiss hurt me, what would you do?"
He tilted her chin up to look at her anxiously.
"Did I hurt you?
What did--" "No, no--you didn't hurt me."
She caressed his cheek.
"But what if you did?
What if you kissed me so hard that-that my teeth cut my lips?
What if--" "I would never, ever hurt you."
He caressed her hair.
"If I ever do anything that hurts you or that you don't like, tell me, and I'll stop.
Right away.
I care about you, Marie, and I'd rather never kiss you again than hurt you."
She laid her head on his shoulder again.
She believed him.
CHAPTER EIGHT
"How does the airplane get in the air?"
They were on the plane waiting for takeoff.
Marie was in a window seat, squeezing Rick's hand as she looked out the window.
"The plane goes really fast down the runway until the air lifts it."
"It's so big and has all these people in it.
How does it stay in the air without falling?"
"I don't know much about aerodynamics."
"About what?"
"What keeps the plane in the air."
Marie couldn't wait to feel the airplane move.
It was hard to believe that it could stay up in the air.
She'd seen airplanes before, but she'd never been in one.
She didn't even know anyone who had.
The plane began rolling forward!
Squeezing Rick's hand harder, Marie listened carefully as the flight attendant explained what to do in emergencies.
When she'd finished, Marie pointed to an overhead panel and asked Rick, "Is this where the oxygen masks fall from?"
"I think so."
"Haven't you ever put one on?"
"No.
Traveling by plane is really safe, sweetheart.
Far fewer people are killed in plane crashes than in car crashes."
She sat back when she felt the airplane pick up speed.
She was looking out the window, so she both saw and felt the plane leave the ground.
"We're in the air!"
she gasped.
"Just wait until we're above the clouds.
They look like a bed of cotton."
She was quiet until they were flying through the clouds.
"They don't look like cotton.
I can't see anything--how can the pilot see where he's going?"
"He has instruments to help him.
We'll only be in them for a minute.
Then you'll see what I mean."
She did, marveling at the beauty of perfectly clear blue skies above and white powder puffs below.
The clouds looked so soft and fluffy that she wished she could bounce on them.
The trip was exciting.
The flight attendant brought them peanuts and Coke, and Rick bought them headphones so that they could watch a movie.
And then she brought them dinner!
It wasn't very good, but Rick said that they could get some pizza as soon as they got to Hollywood.
At the airport they got their luggage and rented a car.
Marie looked around eagerly as Rick drove to the hotel, but so far it didn't look much different from 2011 Boston.
"Where are the studios we'll be touring?"
she asked.
"One's downtown, and the other is to the northwest of the city.
Our hotel is right off the highway--we're almost there."
"When will we see the movie studios?"
"One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
"I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
Can't we go out for dinner?"
"Aren't you tired?"
"No!
I wish we could do something right away."
"The studios will be closed, but we can go dancing if you like."
"Wonderful!"
Each took a quick shower and changed clothes.
Rick would have taken her to a nice restaurant, but she had her heart set on pizza.
"Mmm--this is delicious," she said after a bite of the pepperoni slice.
"Everything will probably taste better in Hollywood."
He winked at her.
"Can we eat at the studios?"
"Probably.
But remember, sweetheart, it's probably not what you're expecting.
It's not all glamour."
"But at least I'll get to see for myself.
Thank you, Rick."
She reached out to squeeze his hand.
"You're .
.
.
welcome .
.
."
He was looking past her, and she turned around with a frown.
"What are you looking at?"
"That guy over there--the tall blond one.
Do you recognize him?"
She frowned at the blond for a moment and then gasped.
"He's on that lawyer show we watch!"
She stared, and Rick smiled at her awe.
She didn't turn back around until the actor was gone.
Looking at Rick with wide eyes, she said, "You told me we probably wouldn't see any movie stars."
"We were lucky."
"Maybe we'll be lucky again!"
And they were--that very night.
They went dancing, and in the middle of the floor was a young actor from one of the newer shows.
He was the center of attention, making all sorts of wacky dance moves.
Occasionally he'd draw one of the girls from the crowd surrounding him and dance with her for a minute or two.
To Marie's astonishment and euphoric delight, he grabbed her hand and pulled her into the center of the crowd to dance with him.
"Did you see that?
Did you see us?"
Marie exclaimed breathlessly when she returned to Rick.
"He danced with me!
I danced with a movie star!"
"I saw."
He smiled, stroking a damp tendril of hair from her face.
"Was it fun?"
"It was incredible!
I can't believe I danced with him!"
"Come sit down for a minute and have a Coke."
He managed to keep her still for less than five minutes.
They danced almost non-stop for the next hour and a half, and then Rick declared he'd fall asleep behind the wheel if they didn't leave.
Marie could have gone on, but about five minutes after getting in the car, she was yawning.
Rick opened her hotel room door for her and gave her the key.
"I'm not going to have them wake us up.
Just come knock on my door whenever you get up."
"OK."  She smiled up at him dreamily.
"This evening has been like a fairy tale.
Even if we left tomorrow, I'd be happy."
"Good."
He stroked her cheek with one finger.
"That's all I want."
Her heart began pounding when she realized he was going to kiss her goodnight.
His lips were light, almost teasing, as they touched hers.
When he raised his head, she couldn't look away from him.
Rick smiled at her somewhat dazed expression.
"Sleep well, sweetheart."
"Goodnight, Rick."
She gave him a quick smile before slipping into her room.
Rick's smile had become a frown by the time he was in his own room.
He wasn't sure this trip was such a good idea after all.
Sharing her dream was going to make him fall even more deeply in love with her.
And when she left, he'd be devastated.
But remembering the excitement on her face as she'd danced with the actor, he couldn't regret it.
The next day they went to Universal Studios.
"This is set up like an amusement park," Rick told her as he bought their tickets.
"So even if it isn't authentic, I think you'll enjoy it."
"I know I will."
In reality, she wasn't sure.
The term "amusement park" conjured up visions of carousels and ferris wheels.
Those were fun in 1927, but she expected more from 2011.
She wasn't disappointed.
First they went to the "Water World" show.
Marie gasped as some-some .
.
.
motorcycles on water crisscrossed the lake.
"How do they do that?"
"Do what?"
"Those motorcycles.
How do they go on the water?"
"They're jet skis.
They're made for the water."
She watched as the actors climbed towers, rode hand trolleys on cables, jumped from shattered platforms into the water.
And when the heroine shot the villain, causing his jacket to catch on fire, Marie screamed.
It was so real, and she gripped the edge of her seat as she waited to see what would happen after he fell into the water.
The villain jumped up on the platform to make his bows with the rest of the cast.
Marie raised wide eyes to Rick's face as they stood to leave.
"Was that man who was on fire hurt?"
"No.
He'll do another show in a couple of hours."
"How do they do that?"
"The jacket is made out of some kind of special material."
That was the most amazing stunt she saw that day, but there were dozens of special effects and props that filled her with wonder.
They took a tour of the movie lot, and Marie was excited to see the sets of some of the movies Rick had rented for her.
The tram they rode crossed a bridge that shook as if it would collapse, and she screamed, clutching Rick's arm.
A giant shark swam up to the tram as it crossed a river, and as they later emerged from a forest, it began raining, and a flood rushed toward them.
With so many children on the tram, Marie knew that these "disasters" were just tricks, but she was still glad she could huddle in Rick's arms when the tram seemed to be in danger.
"You're not afraid of heights, are you, sweetheart?"
Rick asked as they stood in line to ride the "E.T."
ride.
"No.
I don't think so.
This doesn't go higher than our airplane, does it?"
Rick laughed.
"No.
But it isn't enclosed.
Just close your eyes if you get scared."
But she was fascinated, not scared.
The cart made to resemble a bicycle took them through the air above a moonlit village, and she squeezed Rick's hand in delight rather than fear.
She enjoyed it so much that they got back in line and rode again.
But as much as she enjoyed the "E.T."
ride, it couldn't compare to the "Back to the Future" ride.
That was really like flying--even more than in the airplane.
It was more like having wings of her own, soaring high and low, below bridges and over mountains.
"We really never left the ground?"
she asked Rick as they waited to ride it a second time.
"No.
The car just jerks us around, and that combined with the effect of the picture makes you feel like you're flying."
"Did you like it?"
"Yeah--it was fun.
But the best part is seeing how much you enjoy it."
He squeezed her close to his side.
It was nearly 7:00 when they left, and Marie was all in favor of pizza in the room this time.
"I don't think I can wait," she told Rick when he hung up the phone after ordering the pizza.
"Do you want me to go get you a candy bar?"
"No.
I'm going to go take a shower while we wait."
After her shower she rubbed on some rose-scented lotion.
Her skin was hot from her day in the sun and just a little red.
She'd put sunscreen on this morning so that she wouldn't get burned.
Dropping the bottle onto the bed, she went back to Rick's room calling, "Is the pizza here yet?"
"Not yet," he replied as he emerged from the bathroom, still toweling his hair dry.
Marie stared.
He was wearing only a pair of shorts.
Drops of water sparkled on his shoulders, and his skin glowed from the recent scrubbing.
She swallowed.
"I .
.
.
I .
.
."
Her face grew red as he looked at her expectantly.
"I .
.
.
you .
.
.
the sun.
Do you want some of my lotion?"
"I brought some."
He went to take a bottle from a drawer.
"I'm not as red as I was last Saturday."
"Do you-do you want me to-to rub some on you?"
He glanced up, on the verge of asking her why, since it was only his arms, not his back, that needed the lotion.
Instead, he silently handed her the bottle.
Marie squeezed some lotion into her hand.
Starting at his wrist, she rubbed his arm, working her way up.
When she reached the tan line where his sleeve began, her hands glided up to the red spot just below his neck.
"You-you must not have put sunscreen here.
It's really red."
He gazed at her averted face as she rubbed lotion on his chest.
He was sure she could feel the pounding of his heart when her hands strayed from the sunburnt spot.
Swallowing, he said hoarsely, "You like touching me, don't you?"
Her eyes met his briefly and then returned to follow the action of her hands.
"Yes," she whispered.
Rick's arms slid around her waist, and he bent his head to kiss her.
Marie's hands continued to move over his chest as she returned his kiss.
His lips were warm and strong, and his kiss made her heart flutter.
She didn't feel the shyness she'd felt when they'd kissed before, and she was disappointed when Rick ended it.
"Pizza," Rick muttered, gazing down into her dazed face.
"Hmmm?"
"Pizza's here."
He released her to go open the door.
Marie turned away to collect herself as he paid the delivery man.
She hadn't even heard the knock.
Her face grew scarlet as she thought of the way she'd touched him.
And she'd even admitted that she enjoyed it!
How could she have acted that way?
Rick set the pizza on the table and picked up some change to go get them some Cokes.
He knew Marie would be embarrassed.
Women of 1927 weren't supposed to be so forward with a man, even if they weren't, as she was, engaged to another.
But her kiss and the way she'd touched him made him think that maybe he could win her love.
Maybe he could convince her to stay in 2011 with him.
He returned to the room with the Cokes and opened the box.
"Mmm—it smells great."
He put a slice on a plate and handed it to her.
"Thank you," she mumbled, not looking at him.
"Marie."
He caught her free hand and squeezed it until she looked up at him.
"It's OK.  We're friends, we like each other--nothing should make us feel uncomfortable with each other, should it?"
She smiled then.
"Did they give us napkins?"
They went to bed early that night because they had to be at Paramount at 7:00 the next morning.
Marie, fortunately, didn't question the earliness of the hour.
The surprise he had for her hinged on the word of a friend of a friend, and he didn't want her to find out about it and then have it fall through.
Traffic was terrible the next morning, but he managed to find the gate he'd been told to go to.
The attendant had his name on a list and gave him directions to stage three.
"Why did your name have to be on a list?"
Marie asked him.
"That's the only way to get in."
"How did you get your name on the list?"
"I-I called.
Here--I think this is it."
He hurried her inside the building and asked the first person he saw for Eric Waite.
Fortunately, the man was only a few yards away, talking to a cameraman.
He looked up as Rick and Marie approached.
"Mr. Waite, Steve Reynolds spoke to you about a--" "You're Rick Newman, right?
I'm great with names."
He turned to Marie.
"And this must be our little star."
He winked at Rick and smiled at Marie.
"If I'd known what a knockout you were going to be, I would have tried to find something better.
Run along and get your make-up done--it's at the end of that corridor.
We start shooting at 8:00."
He turned away before Marie could say a word.
Rick took her hand and led her away toward the make-up room.
"Rick, what's going on?"
she asked.
"Now don't get too excited--you're just an extra.
It's not--" "I'm going to be in a movie?"
she squealed.
"You're going to be an extra.
You won't say anything, and it'll only be a couple of minutes.
It's really not much, but it's hard to--" "I'm going to be in a movie!"
She turned and threw her arms around him.
She was in a party scene, one of six people that formed a group with the star.
She wasn't supposed to do anything but smile and sip her drink, but when the star gave her a smoldering glance during rehearsal, the director decided he wanted to film it.
The result was a split-second close-up of her face, and the star kissed her hand.
Marie felt as if she were going to burst from excitement.
They were allowed to watch filming until lunch, and then they were given a tour of the rest of the studio.
Marie heard obscenities and shouting, and she saw two different actors storm off two different sets in the middle of their scenes.
But it was wonderful.
The actors and actresses were very attractive people, and many of them were nice to her.
"Today was magic, absolute magic," Marie sighed as they ate steak and salad that evening.
Rick smiled.
"You weren't disappointed then?"
"Not in the slightest."
"It was what you expected?"
"No, not really.
But it was just as exciting."
She smiled, poking at her steak.
"When we were filming that scene and the star looked at me, I felt like Clara Bow."
"Who?"
"Clara Bow."
She looked up at him.
"You know--the `it' girl."
"The what girl?"
She stared at him.
"I can't believe you haven't heard of the `it' girl!"
"Is she an actress?"
"She's more than that.
You know.
She's-she's the `it' girl."
"What does that mean?"
Her face reddened.
"You know.
`It.'
She's-she's .
.
.
she makes men want .
.
.
think about-about .
.
."
He grinned.
"I think I understand."
He reached out to squeeze her hand.
"I've never seen a picture of her or even heard of her, but I'd bet money that she's not as sexy as you."
Her blush deepened, and his grin mellowed into a loving smile.
He took her hand and pressed his lips into her palm.
"You're the most beautiful woman in the world, Marie."
This evening was a wonderful end to a wonderful day.
Like the day before, what Rick had enjoyed most was seeing Marie's pleasure.
She'd wanted to see everything, experience everything they'd let her try.
Everyone had treated her like an eager tourist, little realizing that she was seeing it all from the perspective of someone who'd seen debuts of Hollywood's earliest offerings.
"Would you like to go dancing?"
Rick asked as he paid the bill.
"I don't think so.
I'm rather tired, and I think I'd just like to relax and think about all that happened today."
"And dream about your debut?"
He smiled.
"We'll go see the movie as soon as it comes out.
And buy the video when it comes out."
He was thrilled when she didn't say she'd probably be back in 1927 before then.
She was quiet during the ride home, remembering the scene she'd done.
And how she'd peered through a camera.
And sat in a director's chair as he walked his sitcom actors through a scene.
It hadn't been a page out of a fairy tale like she'd expected, but it had been exciting nevertheless.
And a dream-come-true.
"I feel gritty.
I think I'm going to jump in the shower," Rick told her when they got back to the hotel.
"Me too."
She would have preferred a bath, but she was afraid she'd fall asleep in the tub.
Rick was stretched out on the bed watching TV when she returned to his room.
"I'm exhausted," she told him, dropping onto the bed.
"So am I."
He took her wrist.
"Lie down here with me and watch this `Mad About You' rerun."
His arms went around her when she settled down beside him.
She sighed and was instantly asleep.
The last thing Rick remembered was Murray, the dog, drinking out of a toilet.
When he opened his eyes again, the news was on.
He yawned, wanting to stretch but finding that Marie lay on one arm.
He looked down at her, smiling.
Her cheeks were golden and rosy, her long, dark lashes like fans against them.
Her dark hair fell over his arm and onto the pillow, and he reached up with his free hand to caress it.
Marie stirred, moving closer to Rick.
She blinked and found him hovering over her.
As she gazed up into his eyes, she felt as if she were in a dream.
This was just like one of her fantasies.
Except that he was wearing a shirt.
"You fell asleep," he whispered, his face moving closer to hers.
"Yes."
"Me too."
His lips brushed over hers.
"Your lips are red from the sun."
"Mmm."
Her hand slid to the nape of his neck, gently pulling his head closer.
He kissed her again, enjoying the sweet warmth of her lips, the eagerness of her response.
He felt her slender fingers stroking his neck, and remembering how she'd run her hands over his chest yesterday evening, he wished he'd taken off his shirt.
Marie sighed into Rick's mouth.
This was better than any fantasy.
Rick was .
.
.
his kiss .
.
.
Her eyes flew open when she felt the tip of his tongue graze her lips.
What .
.
.
Was he trying to put his tongue in her mouth like Davis had?
Remembering how awful that had been, she broke away.
Rick buried his face in her neck.
Moments later he began kissing and nibbling on her skin.
"Oh!"
Rick raised his head to look at her.
"What's wrong?"
"N-nothing.
That .
.
.
that felt good."
He chuckled, dropping another kiss on her neck.
"I think you'd better go back to your room."
He was afraid she'd run if he moved too fast.
"Oh.
All right."
Somewhat dazed, she went to her room, only to find that she'd left her key in Rick's room.
She returned, glancing up at him sheepishly when he opened the door for her.
"I forgot my key."
He retrieved it from the dresser and handed it to her.
He kissed her lips lightly.
"Goodnight, sweetheart."
"Goodnight."
She went back to her own room, wishing that she could sleep next to him all night.
They drove down to Tijuana the next day, and Marie was delighted with all the shops and stalls and stands.
People would wave things under her nose, and it was hard to say no.
But Rick had told her just to walk away unless it was something she really wanted.
So she'd grab onto his arm and let him lead her away.
"Do you like silver?"
he asked her.
"I love it.
Especially bracelets."
She watched in fascination as he talked a merchant down to $8.00 from his asking price of $20.00 for a delicate silver bracelet.
“We never do that when we shop in Boston.” He laughed.
“Only when you’re shopping for cars.
But in Mexico and a lot of other countries, it’s the custom.” “Thank you,” she said as he fastened the bracelet on her wrist.
"Can I try negotiating for something?"
"Sure.
What would you like to buy?"
They wandered around, and what caught her eye was not all the silver, gold, turquoise, and leather that the natives thought an American tourist would want but the colorful things like serapes and bajas--Mexican blankets and pullover jackets.
She found a pink and turquoise baja that she fell in love with.
The price was ten dollars, and Marie talked the owner down to six dollars.
"I did it!"
she exclaimed, taking her baja from the bag.
"You did a good job."
"This is fun.
Why don't we get you one of these?"
After buying Rick a baja, they bought a multi-colored blanket and a leather purse.
Marie loved bargaining, but the only other thing she saw that she wanted was a little glass carousel that she managed to get from ten dollars down to five.
"Can't we eat here somewhere, Rick?
I'd like to try the food."
"No, you wouldn't," he said as they approached customs.
"The water down here is contaminated.
Ever heard of Montezuma's Revenge?"
"What?"
"Montezuma's Revenge.
The water makes you sick, and you spend a lot of time in the bathroom."
He smiled down at her.
"We'll get something to eat in San Diego.
I'm sure they have some authentic Mexican restaurants."
They had two days left, and Marie chose to spend Thursday wandering around downtown Los Angeles, buying trinkets in the shops and the Farmer's Market on Fairfax and watching glamorous people walk by as she and Rick ate lunch at an outdoor café on Rodeo Drive.
But her choice for their last day in California was quite a change from that: she wanted to go to Disneyland.
Mickey Mouse hadn't been around in 1927, and she found the whole idea of a fantasy land for children exciting.
And she loved Splash Mountain.
"Are you sad to be leaving?"
Rick asked that evening as he watched her pack.
"Yes.
This has been a dream-come-true, and I'd like to stay in the dream."
With a sigh she folded her baja and put it in her suitcase.
He stood, placing his hands on her shoulders from behind.
"If we get a chance, we'll come back."
She turned around, gazing up at him anxiously.
"I didn't mean to sound ungrateful.
I've had a wonderful time, and--" "Shhh--it's OK."  He reached out to caress her hair.
"I'm glad you've had such a good time here that you don't want to leave."
"It's been magic, Rick.
Thank you for bringing me.
And for getting me into a movie.
And for doing everything in your power to make this trip special for me."
"You're very welcome."
Sliding his arms around her waist, he added, "It's been special for me too."
She knew he was going to kiss her; she'd known it the second she'd felt his arms go around her waist.
When his lips touched hers, she clutched at his shirt, but then her hands slid around his waist and up his back.
His kiss was sweet, warm, loving, and when his lips left hers, she was disappointed.
But his mouth immediately covered hers again.
Her fingers dug into his back as the kiss grew more and more intense until at last, breathless, she pulled away.
"You make me feel like a princess," she murmured, rubbing her face against his neck.
"Too bad."
"`Too bad'?"
She raised her head to look at him in surprise.
"Yeah.
I want to make you feel like a queen."
"Oh."
Smiling, she laid her head on his shoulder, relishing his tight embrace.
He was every bit as much a dream as Hollywood.
CHAPTER NINE
Marie awoke late Sunday morning, pulled the covers over her head, and turned away from the sun.
She felt as if she could sleep forever.
An hour or so later she awoke again.
Mmm .
.
.
bacon.
Rick must be making breakfast.
Or lunch.
She had no idea what time it was.
She went to brush her teeth and take a shower.
She decided the shower could wait until after breakfast, though, when her stomach began rumbling.
She hoped Rick was making pancakes too.
He was in the hall when she opened the door.
“Morning.” She smiled up at him sleepily.
“Good morning.” She was wearing only his pajama top and looked unbelievably sexy.
Drawing her close, he bent his head and kissed her.
Marie sighed with pleasure as she returned Rick’s kiss.
She’d never dreamed anything could make her feel this way.
“Are you hungry?” he asked, kissing the tip of her nose.
“Starved.”  She hugged him.
They went downstairs with their arms around each other.
“Did you make pancakes?” she asked.
“Yeah.
I’m starved, and I figured you would be too.
So we’re having pancakes and bacon and eggs and juice.” “Mmm—that sounds great.
And it smells even better.”  She sat down, poured syrup on her pancakes, and dug in.
“Delicious,” she said, swallowing.
“Thanks.
I thought we’d go to the grocery store after breakfast and get some more eggs and some milk and a few other things.” “OK.
And then take a nap.” He smiled.
“You’re feeling what we call ‘jet lag.’  Your body got used to California time, and it thinks it’s 8:00 in the morning instead of 11:00.” “Really?
When do I catch up?” “You’ll probably be back to normal by tomorrow.” It was such a beautiful day that she almost asked him if they could go to the shore.
But she was still a little sleepy, and she was sure he was too.
It would be nice just to lie around all day napping and watching TV.
She looked out the window at the roses in the garden as she poured herself some more juice.
They were so pretty, and she loved smelling them .
.
.
when she walked .
.
.
She swallowed hard as a wave of anxiety struck her.
She hadn’t walked in the garden for a week, and she hadn’t even thought about it last night or this morning.
Her parents would still be frantic, and Davis .
.
.
She swallowed again, remembering every kiss she and Rick had shared.
It was as if Hollywood had been a separate world, a world in which she’d been .
.
.
queen.
But she was back now.
Davis was her fiancé, and she had no business kissing Rick, no business sitting in his kitchen in nothing but his pajama top.
Reddening, Marie set her glass down and headed for the stairs.
“I’m going to take a shower.” She couldn’t believe what she’d done.
She could almost excuse herself for kissing Rick in Hollywood, say that he’d been part of the dream.
But this morning .
.
.
this morning she hadn’t even thought about walking in the garden, she’d kissed Rick as casually as if she did it every morning, and she'd worn nothing but his pajama top to breakfast without giving it a thought.
She'd acted as if .
.
.
as if they were married.
Her blush deepened, and she scrubbed her skin frantically.
She was betrothed to Davis.
She lived in 1927.
She was going back.
Then she'd be able to talk to her mother about any confusing feelings that might linger.
She put on her Egyptian-motif dress, her ugly black shoes, and even her 1927 underwear.
Rick, thankfully, was in his own shower when she went downstairs and out to the garden.
She didn't really think she'd be able to get back on a clear, bright afternoon, but she needed to put herself closer, emotionally at least, to home.
"Marie?"
Rick called as he searched the house for her.
She wasn't in the living room or kitchen.
He went upstairs and looked in her bedroom.
Where else could she be?
"Marie?"
He finally went out to the garden.
She was way over by the pink roses, and he was surprised and dismayed to see her wearing her 1927 clothes.
"Marie!"
He ran over to her, but something about her stance when she looked up at him kept him from sweeping her into his arms like he wanted.
"What are you doing?"
he asked.
She shrugged.
"Trying to get home."
His heart plummeted.
"Why didn't you come tell me?"
She just shrugged again.
"I-I'll go sit on the patio and wait for you."
"That's OK.
I'm obviously not going to get there today."
He walked silently at her side.
When they were back inside, she didn't go upstairs to change.
Instead, she went to the living room and sat in a corner of the sofa, erecting an invisible wall between them.
Bewildered and a little hurt, he sat down on the opposite end and turned on the TV.
After a few minutes of channel surfing, he pressed the mute button.
"What's wrong, sweetheart?"
he asked, turning toward Marie.
"Are you homesick?"
"Don't call me that."
She stared at the TV screen.
"`Sweetheart'?
Why?"
"I'm betrothed to Davis."
His heart constricted.
"Are you missing him?"
"He's my betrothed.
Shouldn't I be missing him?"
She burst into tears.
Rick felt awful, but he didn't know if he felt worse for himself or for her.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart," he told her, scooting closer and putting his arms around her tentatively.
When she didn't resist, he drew her closer.
"I'm sorry.
I wish I knew what to do to help you."
"Stop being so nice to me," she sobbed into his shoulder.
"What?"
he asked, bending his head closer to hers.
"Stop being so nice to me!"
He frowned.
"You don't want me to be nice to you?"
"No."
She sat up and held out her hand for his handkerchief.
He gave it to her.
"Why?"
"It confuses me."
"How?"
"It just does."
More tears slid down her cheeks.
"I wish I could talk to my mother."
"I wish I could help you with that, sweetheart."
When she glanced up at him sharply, he shook his head.
"I'm sorry, but I-I .
.
.
care about you.
You're very special to me.
And I can't help being nice to you.
When you're happy, I'm happy, and when you hurt, I hurt."
"Oh, Rick."
Her tears began coming faster.
He tried to draw her closer, but she stiffened and then stood up.
“Where-where are those books about time travel?” she asked, wiping her eyes.
“In my office.” “I want to look at them again to see if I can find something that we missed.” “OK—I’ll help you.” “No.”  She shook her head, glancing at him but unable to meet his gaze.
“I-I need to do it alone, OK?” “OK.” He watched her go, his heart heavy.
He couldn’t stand to see her so unhappy, but he didn’t want her to leave.
He loved her.
He headed upstairs to make sure she’d found all the books and articles.
She was coming out of the office with a load of them.
“I’m going to look at them in my room,” she told him.
“You can use the office.
I don’t care.” “No—my room is fine.” The light reflected off her diamond as she turned away from him.
Rick’s stomach clenched.
Her going back to 1927 would be bad enough.
Her going back to her fiancé .
.
.
All at once he remembered the article about Marie.
He dug it out of the bottom drawer of his desk and read it again.
All it contained was her birth date and the general information about her family.
He wished the information about her marriage to Davis hadn’t disappeared.
He could have shown her what her life would be like if she married him.
But why couldn’t he just tell her what the article had said originally?
She could draw her own conclusions about what the change in the article meant.
Excited, he stood and headed for her room.
But when he reached her door, he hesitated.
Would she believe him about the article?
She still felt loyal to that jerk, and she might not believe him.
Especially since it was pretty obvious that he himself had something to gain by convincing her that she shouldn’t marry Davis.
His sister had once told him that a girl usually wouldn’t even believe her best friend if she told her that her boyfriend was cheating on her.
He went back to his office and read the article again.
He should have shown it to Marie before he’d fallen in love with her.
But he was afraid to tell her he’d known of her before she’d walked into the garden.
What if she thought he’d done something to cause it?
Marie was growing increasingly frustrated with the books she was reading.
There were all kinds of theories about how to travel through time, but there was absolutely nothing that could explain how she’d traveled through time.
She hadn’t gotten in a time machine, hadn’t been near a dead star, hadn’t been thinking about 2011.
That was another thing—most of the articles talked about traveling back in time, not forward.
How could she have been thinking about 2011 when she knew nothing about it?
She picked up a book with a chapter on traveling through time by thought.
Like most of the others, it was about traveling backwards, so it couldn’t explain how she got here, but now she was trying to travel backwards.
It said you should surround yourself with objects from the period you wanted to go to and eliminate any evidence of the present and then think about a scene from the period.
That was pretty much what she’d been doing .
.
.
but she’d worn her new underwear most days.
And she’d had a hard time keeping her mind on 1927.
She needed to wear her old underwear and lose herself in thoughts of home.
And she needed to walk without waking Rick up first.
If she knew he was waiting for her, she’d have a harder time detaching herself from 2011.
Marie awoke before dawn the next morning—as she had the morning she’d walked into 2011.
She put on all her 1927 clothes, even the stockings that she’d stopped wearing once she’d gotten used to her comfortable 2011 clothes.
She headed for the stairs but then stopped.
Quietly she approached Rick’s door and opened it just a little.
Rick was sprawled on his back, a sheet covering him from the waist down.
Tears filled her eyes.
She’d miss him so much.
The sky was turning a dark gray when she walked into the garden.
Grace, their cook, would be getting up soon.
Her father liked to have a cup of coffee as soon as he woke up.
Her mother usually got up to have breakfast with him unless it was raining.
She said she couldn’t drag herself out of bed when it was so gloomy.
Marie decided she’d ask Grace to make her a waffle this morning.
She’d like cherries and whipped cream on it.
She’d go shopping with her mother and maybe have lunch in town.
After lunch she’d come home to take a nap.
The house would be hot in the afternoon.
“Don’t forget to pick up the dry cleaning!” Marie jumped, looking up to see who’d yelled.
A car door slammed, and she saw a sleek gray car back out of a driveway.
She’d wandered far from Rick’s house .
.
.
but she was still in 2011.
She took a minute to get her bearings and then wandered back toward Rick’s house.
He was perched on the edge of a chair and sprang to his feet when he saw her.
“Are you all right, sweetheart?” he asked, taking her hand.
“Yes.” “I’m sorry you didn’t get home.” Tears filled her eyes.
“I tried so hard.
I have on all my 1927 clothes, and I didn’t think about anything but what’s going on at home.” “I’m sorry, sweetheart.”  He led her into the kitchen.
“But maybe that’s not all there is to it.
I looked at some of the chapters you’d marked.
One of them says that the relative positions of the sun and moon and earth are important.” “Yes, I saw that.
I tried to figure it out, and it seems like the best time would be in September.
But I can’t wait until September!
And what if that book isn’t right?” Rick hugged Marie, wiping away her tears.
He led her inside and made her breakfast, which she barely touched.
Nothing he said drew much of a response from her.
He hated leaving her when she was so upset, but after a week’s vacation, he had a ton of work at the office.
“Call me if you need anything, sweetheart,” he told her, kissing the top of her head just before he left.
Marie watched him leave and then, with a sigh, rose and went to the living room, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
She’d tried so hard to get back this morning.
She’d worn only her 1927 clothes, and her mind hadn’t wandered to 2011 at all.
What more could she do?
Well, one thing she wasn’t going to do was give up, she determined as she played with the hem of her dress.
She’d strolled through her garden countless times without walking into 2011, so who knew how many times she’d have to walk in the garden to get back to 1927?
She wasn’t going to give up.
Rick, still concerned about Marie, left work at 4:30, making a quick stop to pick up a surprise for her.
To his dismay, he found her huddled in a corner of the sofa, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
“Hi, sweetheart,” he greeted her, going to sit beside her.
“Are you feeling better?” “I’m all right.” “I brought you something.”  He handed her a plastic bag.
She took it and reached inside.
“Wow!” she exclaimed as she withdrew the 16-ounce Hershey bar.
“I’ve never seen a chocolate bar this big.” “Me either.
It was part of a promotional display.” She tore it open, breaking off a chunk.
“Mmm—this is so good.” He smiled.
“Better be careful, or you’ll ruin your appetite for dinner.” “I’m starved—I didn’t have lunch.” His smile disappeared as he reached out to stroke her hair.
“Have you been sitting here all day?” She nodded.
“I just—I just didn’t feel like moving.
And I wanted to keep my 1927 clothes on.” He was quiet for a moment.
“Would you let me take you out to dinner?” She looked at him, considering.
“Are you trying to get me to put on 2011 clothes?” “No.
You can wear what you have on.
I don’t care—I just want to feed you and cheer you up.” Tears shimmered in her eyes.
Blinking them away, she glanced at the chocolate bar.
“I think I’d rather have this.” “You can have that later.
Just eat some meat and vegetables first, and then you can eat the whole thing if you want.” She took another bite and then wrapped the bar up.
“Can we go to a buffet?” After dinner, Marie was too full to touch her Hershey’s bar.
“I think I’ll take a shower and go to bed,” she said, combing her fingers through her hair.
“Are you tired?” “Not really.
I just don’t feel like doing anything else.” He took her hand, squeezing it.
“I didn’t succeed in cheering you up, did I?” She returned the squeeze.
“There’s really nothing you can do.
I’m just so discouraged.
I tried so hard this morning.
I don’t know what else I can do.” He was quiet for a moment.
“Did you ever walk in your garden before that morning you walked into my garden?” “Of course.
I love to walk in the garden.” “So that one morning, there was just a-a door or something.
All the other mornings there wasn’t.
So just because you tried hard this morning, that doesn’t mean that trying hard tomorrow or the next day or the next won’t work.” She smiled.
“That’s true.” “So you’ll keep trying.” “Yes.” “Now I’m sad.”  He met her eyes and then looked away.
“I’m sorry.”  She hugged him, laying her head on his shoulder.
“I just wish I could make you happy.” “You do.”  She raised her head to look at him.
“You do make me happy, Rick.
It’s just that .
.
.
that .
.
.” “Davis makes you happier.” “No.”  She shook her head.
“He doesn’t.
He doesn’t spend much time with me or try to comfort me when I’m upset.
He-he doesn’t—“  She swallowed, her face turning red as she thought, his kisses don’t make me hot like yours do.
He caressed her cheek.
“Maybe it’s something you should think about.”  He ran his thumb over her lower lip.
“You deserve better, Marie.”  He tilted her chin up, touching his lips to hers.
When she didn't pull away, he repeated the feather-light touch.
He felt her breath, the quivering of her lips.
He kissed the corner of her mouth and nuzzled her cheek.
Gathering her closer, he began taking her lips in one soft kiss after another.
But as her response grew warmer, his kisses became hungrier.
Marie was growing hot and felt almost drugged by Rick's kisses.
She ran one hand over his chest, wishing that his shirt had buttons so that she could undo one and slip her hand inside.
If--oh!
The tip of Rick's tongue was touching her lower lip.
But she wasn't repulsed.
Rick had said he'd never hurt her .
.
.
maybe she should see what it would be like .
.
.
Even as she thought it, she opened her mouth a bit.
Rick's tongue darted inside.
And the flame that it created shot through her entire body, surprising her with its power and heat.
Her body ached with a pleasure that seemed too intense to bear.
Intoxicated, she wrapped her arms around Rick’s neck, moaning.
Powerfully aroused by that moan, Rick slid one hand down her back to press her closer.
She shuddered with pleasure as he began kissing her neck.
He undid the first button on her dress.
"I want you, Marie," he rasped, raising his head to look into her eyes.
Marie gazed into his eyes for a moment.
"I can't!"
she whispered hoarsely.
"I can't do it.
I can't do it!"
She turned and ran to her room.
Rick hurried after her.
"I'm sorry!
Marie, I'm so sorry!"
Her door was locked, so he knocked.
"Marie?"
When she didn't respond, he leaned against the door, sliding to the floor.
He dropped his head into his hands.
How could he have done what he did?
How could he put doubt in her mind about her fiancé and then-then .
.
.
try to seduce her?
He loved her and desperately wanted to make love to her, and her response to him was passionate and unrestrained.
But she was confused--he knew that.
And he knew that she was a virgin.
He'd felt her initial hesitation when he'd tried to coax her lips apart, felt the shock go through her body when his tongue had touched hers.
The fact that she'd found the kiss exciting didn't change the fact that she was an innocent.
Or that she was far from home.
Or that she was engaged to another man.
He had no qualms about wooing her away from her fiancé, but how could she be anything but confused when she couldn't even talk to the man?
Heavy-hearted, he finally got to his feet.
He could no longer hear her sobs, but he knew he needed to give her some time alone.
He wanted to give her a gift of apology, some flowers or something.
But there were lots of flowers in the garden.
He picked up his car keys so that he could go find something nice.
Marie was huddled in the middle of her bed sobbing.
When her tears were at last exhausted, she dragged herself off her bed and went to wash her face with cold water and brush her teeth.
Then she changed into shorts and a t-shirt.
There was no point in pretending that she was in 1927.
The clothes couldn't change what had happened.
Even getting home tomorrow wouldn't change what had happened, what she’d finally realized tonight.
She went downstairs and turned on the TV, wondering where Rick was.
She felt bad for running away from him.
She knew she must have hurt him, and the last thing in the world she wanted was to hurt Rick.
He was the sweetest, kindest, most wonderful man in the world, and he couldn't help it if his kisses confused her, made her .
.
.
made her .
.
.
She grew hot as she relived his kisses, remembering how he'd tasted, how he'd made her feel, how-- "Hi, sweetheart."
Marie jumped, whirling to see Rick come in the door.
"Hi.
Where've you been?"
"Shopping."
He handed her a gift-wrapped box.
She looked up at him in surprise.
"What's this for?"
"To apologize."
"For what?"
He turned red.
"For-for pushing you.
For taking advantage of you."
When she just looked at him in bewilderment, he nudged the box.
"Open it."
She tore off the paper and stared at a rectangular gadget with several buttons and what looked like a small TV screen.
"What is this?"
"A Gameboy.
You can play different games on it.
I bought you four."
He opened a bag and took out four small cartridges.
Marie watched as Rick made bricks of different shapes fit together, laughing when he got stuck in a pattern and all the bricks piled up to the top.
"Let me try."
The bricks piled up as she tried to manipulate the buttons.
But by the time she began her third game, she'd mastered them, and she got over 5000 points.
"I love this!"
"Good."
He stroked her hair, smiling at her excitement as she began a fourth game.
His caress sent a shiver through her, and she turned off the Gameboy.
"Thank you," she said, turning and kissing him on the cheek.
"You're welcome."
He gazed into her eyes.
"Marie, I'd never intentionally do anything to hurt you."
"I know that.
It isn't your fault."
He frowned.
"What isn't my fault?"
She blushed.
That your kisses make me hot, she thought.
That your warmth and tenderness and thoughtfulness have made me dissatisfied with the man I'm supposed to marry.
That I feel more comfortable with you than I could ever hope to feel with Davis.
Rick watched the emotions play across her face.
"What isn't my fault?"
he repeated, his forefinger tracing a path along her throat up to her chin.
She swallowed.
"That-that I can't go through with it."
His finger froze.
"I'm sorry--I should never have pushed you.
I know that you're engaged, and I know--" "But that's it.
That's what I'm talking about.
I can't marry Davis."
His eyes widened, and he seized her in his arms.
"Oh, sweetheart, that's fantastic!"
He took her face in his hands and rained kisses on her mouth.
"I couldn't bear to lose you."
He threaded his fingers into her hair, nuzzling her temple.
"L-lose me?"
she breathed.
He raised his head to look at her.
"Don't you know how I feel about you, sweetheart?
Why I took you to Hollywood?
Why I want to make your dreams come true?
I love you, Marie."
Marie's breath caught in her throat.
"I-I .
.
.
I don't .
.
."
Rick's heart fell.
"Please don't say you don't love me."
He cupped her jaw, stroking her cheek with his thumb.
"I know that you have to sort things out now that you've decided not to marry your boyfriend.
But please give me a chance."
He slid both arms around her, gathering her close as his mouth covered hers.
His kiss was almost irresistible, but she was hurting too much to stay in his arms.
Breaking off the kiss, she stood and turned away from him as tears poured down her cheeks.
"What's wrong, sweetheart?"
Rick stood, putting his hands on her shoulders.
Marie shrugged his hands off.
Wiping her face, she turned to look at him.
"If I'm in love with you, how will I bear it when I go home?"
He stared at her.
"Go home?"
"Yes.
I missed Davis when I first came here, and I never felt for him like--" "Marie."
He pulled her into his arms, hugging her tightly.
"I don't want to cause you pain.
But I can't help it that I love you.
And that I want you to stay here with me."
Her body shook with sobs.
Rick scooped her up and sat down with her on his lap.
"Please don't cry, sweetheart," he pleaded, kissing her hair.
He opened his mouth to tell her that she might not even be able to get back, since she'd been unsuccessful so far.
But that would just hurt her more.
Still, the thought calmed his own turbulent feelings.
When her tears were exhausted, Marie rested quietly in Rick's arms.
If they had been in 1927, everything would be different.
Rick was so much warmer, so much more thoughtful and loving and fun than Davis.
She would never have given Davis a second glance if she'd known Rick in 1927.
At last she sat up.
"I need to go wash my face."
"Wait."
Rick took both her hands in his.
"I would never do anything to hurt you."
"I know."
He raised her hand to his lips.
"I just can't imagine not having you here with me."
She squeezed his hands.
"I don't belong here, Rick.
I love--I love .
.
.
2011, but I miss my mother and father and brother.
I miss .
.
.
I miss my home."
"I'm sorry, honey.
I didn't realize you were so unhappy."
I'm not.
But that's because it's been like a holiday, a visit.
If I thought that I weren't going home--"  Her voice caught.
"I understand."
Rick nuzzled her temple.
"But now that you're not going to marry Davis, will you at least stop feeling guilty when we kiss?"
She smiled.
"I like your kisses."
"I like yours too."
He pressed his lips to hers.
Marie nestled close to him, hoping he'd kiss her like he had last time.
But then she hiccupped.
Rick, startled, pulled back.
"I've never kissed a girl with the hiccups before," he said, chuckling.
"I'm sorry."
She turned red and hiccupped again.
He laughed.
"Why don't you go wash your face and then get a glass of water?"
She didn't want to get off his lap, but she couldn't kiss him while she had hiccups.
So she kissed his cheek and then headed for the bathroom.
Rick leaned back with a sigh.
He understood her mixed emotions.
But he knew he could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
She was everything he'd ever wanted in a woman, and he couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
Surely it would be easier to convince her to stay now that she'd decided not to marry Davis.
He knew she was extremely attracted to him.
Her response to him this afternoon had been passionate and unrestrained.
And now he knew that when she'd said that she couldn't do it, she hadn't been talking about making love with him but about marrying Davis.
And if he made love to her, she'd feel tied to him and be more likely to stay.
If he slowly increased the heat of his kisses and caresses, made her so hot that she stopped thinking altogether, made her so wild with desire .
.
.
Rick closed his eyes, flushed with both desire and chagrin.
He'd just told Marie he wouldn't do anything to hurt her.
She was a virgin and planned to be one until her wedding night.
How could he take that from her?
How could he use an act of love to manipulate her into staying with him?
And if she decided to go home anyway, how could he let her go home with the shame he knew she'd feel?
He couldn't do it.
No matter how much he loved her, no matter how much he wanted to make love to her and keep her with him, he couldn't do that to her.
By the time Marie had washed her face and redone her make-up and brushed her hair, the hiccups were gone.
Good.
She could go kiss Rick.
She smiled to herself, thinking about how sweet he was to her.
Already she was feeling better about ending her betrothal to Davis.
She wanted a man who would spend time with her and hold her and make her feel safe and cherished.
A man like Rick.
Tears filled her eyes yet again, and she snatched up a tissue to dab at them to keep from ruining her make-up.
Rick loved her.
And-and .
.
.
she loved him.
But she couldn't stay here.
The thought of never going home, of never seeing her parents or brother or Tom-- A sob caught in her throat, and she squeezed her eyes shut.
She wanted to go home, but when she left Rick, her heart would break.
Would she be trading one misery for another?
CHAPTER TEN
Marie dressed slowly the next morning.
She hadn't felt such an ambivalence about her walk since .
.
.
since the morning they'd left for Hollywood.
Had that been only nine days ago?
It seemed like a long time.
Rick was in the hall waiting for her.
She blushed when she looked into his eyes.
She'd spent the previous evening cuddled up to him, returning the gentle kisses he'd kept raining on her lips.
Rick had kissed her more times last night than Davis had the entire time they'd been together, and she couldn't look at him without thinking of those kisses.
Silently Rick took her hand and led her downstairs.
In the garden, he took her face between his hands, kissing her softly.
"If you get home, I'll miss you."
"I'll miss you too," she whispered, hugging him.
She made herself focus her mind on her parents as she wandered through the garden.
She missed talking to her mother.
She knew her mother would understand about Davis.
All she wanted was for Marie to be happy.
She'd always been nice to Davis, but she'd never treated him like a son.
But she'd love Rick.
Rick was so warm and funny, and her mother would feel comfortable with him.
She stopped, squeezing her eyes shut.
She couldn't stop thinking about him.
Even when she thought about her family, Rick somehow surfaced in her mind.
Rick glanced at his watch.
She'd been in the garden for 20 minutes.
It was foggier than usual--was that an indication that there'd be a door or window or whatever back to 1927?
Now that he'd told her he loved her, had opened his heart to her completely, he couldn't bear the thought that she might not walk back into his arms.
So when he at last saw her moving through the fog, he ran to snatch her up.
"Marie," he sighed into her hair.
She could barely breathe but didn't want to be released.
When he at last set her down, she continued to cling to him.
"I wish you didn't have to go to work today."
He was surprised by her words.
"Do you want me to call in sick?"
She drew back to look at him.
"Would you do that?"
"If you need me, sure."
She smiled.
"I need you.
But I don't want you to miss work.
I'll finish the laundry and dust.
We need to go to the market when you get home."
He hugged her again.
"How would you feel about inviting my sister and her boyfriend for dinner one evening this week?"
he asked as he walked her back to the house.
Last night it had occurred to him that she might feel more inclined to stay in 2011 if she had friends here.
"All right."
She looked up at him.
"Are you going to tell her about me?"
"What do you mean?"
"Are you going to tell her I'm from 1927?"
"Are you kidding?
She’d think I’d lost my mind.
I'll just tell her that you're my girlfriend."
She smiled, but all at once her smile dissolved into an uncomfortable blush.
"Rick," she began hesitantly, "will you have to tell her that-that I'm living with you?"
"No."
He raised her knuckles to his lips.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart—I never considered that living here with me might make you uncomfortable."
"It doesn't.
I feel as safe with you as I do in my own home.
I just--it's just that no one else would understand."
"Well, don't worry about Teri.
I won't tell her, and she's going to love you."
They went into the kitchen to fix breakfast.
Marie glanced at Rick as he poured juice.
When he noticed her glance, she dropped her eyes to the bread she was buttering.
"Rick," she began at last, "do you remember when you first kissed me?"
"With perfect clarity."
He grinned at her.
She smiled a bit, her eyes on her knife as she spread the butter.
"I wanted you to kiss me then."
"I know."
When she looked up in astonishment, he explained, "I wouldn't have kissed you if you hadn't wanted me to.
Like I told you that night, I'll never do anything you don't like."
"But how did you know I wanted you to kiss me?"
"By the way you were looking at me."
"How was I looking at you?"
"Like you wanted me to kiss you."
He grinned again as he reached for the eggs.
She frowned, trying to remember what expression she must have had on her face that night.
But she hadn't been thinking about how she looked; she'd been thinking about how he looked.
And how his lips would feel on hers.
It was as they were cleaning up after breakfast that inspiration struck her.
Handing him a tub of butter, she caught his gaze, holding it as she thought about the way he'd kissed her yesterday afternoon.
Entranced by Marie's beautiful hazel eyes, Rick drew her close and bent his head to kiss her.
Seconds later, he was startled by a giggle that interrupted their kiss.
"What's so funny?"
he demanded.
"It works!"
"What works?"
"I thought about kissing you while I was looking at you, and you kissed me!"
He shook his head.
"So you were experimenting.
You didn't really want to kiss me--you just wanted to see if you could get me to do it."
"Oh, Rick, that's not true!"
she cried, afraid she'd hurt him.
She laid her hands on his chest, leaning into him as she looked up at him.
"I really did want to kiss you.
I couldn't have gotten that look on my face if I hadn't wanted to kiss you."
He drew her closer.
"Prove it."
"How?"
"Kiss me."
She blushed, but after a moment, she stood on tiptoe and raised her face to press her lips against his.
She wasn't sure how to begin a kiss, but that obviously wasn't going to be a problem: his lips began moving over hers the moment that they touched.
When Rick released her, she gazed up at him anxiously.
"You aren't upset, are you?"
He caressed her cheek, dropping a light kiss on her lips.
"No.
I'm not upset."
They went to the grocery store that evening and bought ingredients for the next day's dinner.
Rick had called his sister, and she'd been thrilled Rick had a girl he wanted her to meet and mad that he hadn't invited her sooner.
If Marie was going to make dinner at his house, they'd obviously been dating long enough to feel pretty comfortable together.
"I shouldn't have made garlic bread.
All evening my breath will smell like garlic," Marie told Rick as she finished making dinner the next evening.
"So will everyone else's."
"Are you sure Teri likes garlic?"
"She loves it."
"What about Jeremy?
You don't know him that well--maybe he's a vegetarian."
They were having meat lasagna.
"Maybe I should make something else, some spaghetti or--" "Shhh."
He took her face in his hands, making her look into his eyes.
"Everything'll be fine, sweetheart.
You're a terrific cook, and they'll love what you've made."
He brushed his lips over hers.
Marie didn't relax until everyone had tasted the lasagna that evening.
It was good, and she smiled when Rick winked at her over his second forkful.
"Do you cook a lot?"
Teri asked Marie.
"Not a lot.
Four or five times a week."
"I'd call that a lot.
I usually cook twice a week and have takeout the rest of the time."
"Oops."
Everyone looked at Rick, who was using his napkin to dab at a spot on his shirt.
"I hope this doesn't stain."
"I'll soak it tonight and wash it tomorrow," Marie told him.
Teri looked from Rick to Marie.
"He has you doing his laundry?"
Marie blushed.
"I-I just .
.
.
I mean, I'll do his shirt with my laundry.
In-in case he doesn't get around to doing it himself right away."
"She does her laundry here sometimes," Rick said.
"There's not a hook-up in her apartment."
"Oh.
I know a lot of grad students, so I know what that's like."
They'd told Teri and Jeremy that Marie was working on a master's degree in history at Boston College.
As they headed for the living room, Rick slid his arm around Marie's waist, leaning close to whisper, "You're doing fine, sweetheart."
She glanced up at him.
"It's so hard to pretend we don't live together."
He kissed her hair.
"That's because it's become so natural to you."
Rick sat in a chair across from Marie rather than joining her on the loveseat so that they wouldn't appear too familiar with each other.
He was glad his conscience had gotten the best of him and kept him from seducing her Monday night.
If having Teri and Jeremy suspect that they were living together embarrassed her, losing her virginity before marriage would devastate her.
"So how did you like my sister?"
Rick asked Marie when their guests had left.
"She's really nice.
So is Jeremy.
I'd like to have them over again next week."
He waited for her to add, "If I'm still here."
When she didn't, he released a slow sigh of relief.
"OK.  You probably won't be so nervous about it next time."
She smiled, joining him on the sofa.
"I might even use garlic again.
But I have to admit that I sneaked upstairs to brush my teeth after we ate."
He tilted her face up so that their lips were almost touching.
"So did I."
She felt his breath in her mouth.
"I can tell."
He nibbled at her lips.
"I was very proud of you tonight."
"Really?"
She clutched at his shoulders, her breath coming faster.
"Yeah."
He wove his fingers into her hair and began pressing kisses along her neck.
"You were the perfect hostess.
And you looked so incredibly beautiful."
"I-I'm sure that thought didn't-didn't cross Teri's mind."
She arched her neck, her heart racing wildly.
"It crossed mine more than once."
He raised his head to look into her eyes.
"I love you, Marie."
"Rick," she breathed, her hands sliding to his neck, squeezing, pulling him to her.
His mouth covered hers, his kiss slow and hot and thorough.
She wrapped her arms around him, trying to get closer to him.
When he raised his head, she whimpered, wanting his mouth on hers again.
But she gasped with pleasure as he began nibbling on her earlobe.
Rick wanted to do much more than kiss her, and she was making it difficult to resist.
He'd never held a woman so eager, so responsive to his slightest touch.
But he had to stop.
He had to stop now.
He raised his head, straightening and pulling away.
But Marie clung to him, rubbing her face against his neck.
"Kiss me again, please," she murmured, raising her head to press her lips to his.
He couldn't resist her, and his mouth began moving over hers again.
But at last he forced himself to break away.
"Marie, we have to stop," he told her, literally holding her at arm's length.
"Why?"
she panted.
"Why don't you want to kiss me any more?"
"I want to--I just can't.
Let me cool off a minute."
"I don't want to cool off."
On the contrary--she wanted more of the kisses and caresses that had set her on fire.
But when she tried to put her arms around him, he held her away.
Hurt, she stood up and whirled around to go to her room.
"Marie, wait.
Please.
Sit down and let's talk about this."
Her body still throbbing with the pulse he'd made race, she perched on the edge of the sofa.
"I didn't want you to stop."
"And I didn't want to stop.
But sweetheart .
.
."
He sighed, rubbing his forehead.
Was he a fool?
Shouldn't he have just gone on and on until--unless--she told him to stop?
But he was willing to bet that she had no idea where they'd been headed, and she was so passionate that she might have yielded to him without even thinking.
And despised both herself and him when it was over.
Marie pressed her lips together, trying to read Rick's expression.
"Did I do something wrong?"
"No, no--you did everything right."
He sighed, taking her hand.
"Marie, do you know what a man and woman .
.
.
when they're in love .
.
.
do you know .
.
.
what happens on-on your wedding night?"
"Of course.
My mother told me about it."
"Is that what you wanted to happen between us tonight?"
"No!
Of course not!
How can you even think that?"
She stared at him in shock.
"I don't think that.
What I'm trying to tell you is that kissing like that is where it begins."
She frowned, too puzzled and curious to be embarrassed by the conversation.
"So you stopped kissing me because you didn't want to-to .
.
.
be like we were married?"
"No."
He raised her palm to his lips.
"I want to make love to you more than I want anything in the world."
He watched her face grow red.
"But I knew that you wouldn't want to."
She held his hand in both of hers, playing with his fingers.
"And-and it feels as good as--as good as kissing?"
"Better.
Much, much better."
She grew warm imagining a pleasure greater than what he'd made her feel a few minutes ago.
"I wish--"  She stopped, swallowing and closing her eyes.
"You wish what?"
When she didn't respond, he tilted her chin up, making her look into his eyes.
"Stay here, Marie.
Marry me.
We'll have a wedding night more exciting than anything you could imagine."
Her breath caught, and tears filled her eyes.
"I-I can't, Rick.
I have to go home."
She squeezed his hand.
"My home, my family, everything I know is in 1927.
My mother has been saving her wedding gown for me.
It was my grandmother's too.
And-and I want my own daughter to wear it."
But she wanted that daughter to be Rick's, she realized with despair.
Rick kissed her cheek, his heart aching for both of them.
"I understand, sweetheart.
But I want you to know that I love you and that if you ever change your mind, I'll make you my wife and make you so happy you'll never regret your decision."
He kissed her then, but she found the pleasure too painful to bear and ended the kiss, pressing her face into his shoulder as she cried.
His declaration that he wanted to marry her had torn her apart.
She loved him so much.
But she didn't belong here!
She had a home, a mother and father and brother and friends .
.
.
but she loved Rick!
She finally cried herself to sleep, and Rick carried her up to bed.
He felt guilty for trying to get her to stay, but he was sure she loved him as much as he loved her.
She wouldn't be so upset if she didn't.
Laying her on her bed, he smoothed her hair.
She had been here for over four weeks, and she'd had no indication that there was a way back to 1927.
She could be here for the rest of her life, but he knew that until she accepted that, until she decided that she wanted to stay here, she'd never be totally his.
And he wanted her to be his, heart, body, mind, and soul.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
"I like the white one.
It really shows off your tan."
Rick watched as Marie turned in front of the mirror, inspecting the white sundress.
She looked sweet and sexy at the same time.
"But I don't have any shoes to wear with it."
"We'll buy you some."
She'd been so depressed the day after their conversation about lovemaking that he'd told her they'd go shopping tonight and to the beach tomorrow--and even Sunday, if the sunscreen worked.
She went to him, looping her arms about his neck.
"Thank you," she said, raising her lips to his.
She seemed to have recovered, Rick mused as he watched her try on white sandals half an hour later.
He never would have believed he could enjoy shopping, but he loved watching her discover new styles and new toys.
He'd bought her a pocket calculator on the way to the shoe store.
They were going to Teri's for dinner the next evening, and Marie showered and put on her new white dress and sandals when they got back from the shore.
"How do I look?"
she asked Rick when she joined him downstairs.
"Beautiful."
She was even darker than she'd been yesterday when she'd tried on the dress, and the contrast the dress made with her hair and skin was striking.
"I can see where you two have been," Teri said when they arrived at her townhouse.
"Yeah.
Doesn't Marie's tan look great?"
"Yeah--I wish I tanned that prettily."
As she'd promised when she'd invited them, Teri had made a Chinese meal.
"House rules: you have to spend at least 15 minutes using chopsticks," she told them as they sat down to dinner.
"After that, you can have a fork if you want."
Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.
His neck looked so warm and inviting.
She wanted to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder.
Did he like being kissed on the neck as much as she did?
Just the memory of his kisses made her heart race.
They had coffee and dessert in the living room.
"What a pretty sculpture," Marie said, admiring a small porcelain garden filled with flowers and a water wheel.
"Clap your hands," Teri told her.
"What?"
"Clap your hands."
Marie did so, and music played as water began to make the water wheel turn.
"Oh!
It's a fountain!
How does it work?"
"It runs on battery, and it's sound-activated."
When the music and water stopped, Marie clapped her hands again.
"How clever!"
"Where did you get it?"
Rick asked his sister.
"Target."
Marie smiled at Rick.
"Can I go with you when you buy it for me?"
Rick chuckled.
"What makes you think I'm going to get it for you?"
"I know you."
She took his hand, squeezing it.
"He spoils me terribly," she told Teri and Jeremy.
When Marie excused herself later in the evening, Teri didn't waste a second.
"This really is serious, isn't it?"
Rick smiled, shrugging.
"There are some problems, but yeah, it's serious."
"Good.
I like her."
It was nearly midnight when they left.
"Thank you for the little fountain," Marie told Rick as he unlocked her car door.
"I haven't bought it for you yet."
"But you want to.
You decided to as soon as I admired it.
Thank you."
She linked her arms around his neck, smiling into his eyes and then raising her face to kiss him.
His hands wandered over her back as he returned her kiss.
"Wow," he murmured, resting his forehead against hers.
"I predict our house is soon going to be full of all kinds of knickknacks and gadgets."
Smiling, she pulled him closer for another kiss.
He was constantly thinking of her, buying her gifts and designing adventures for her.
Sighing, she leaned into him as their kiss went on.
Rick was lost.
She held nothing back in her kiss, making him hungrier for more.
He pinned her to the car, pressing his body full length against hers.
Marie gasped, her fingernails digging into his shoulders.
She would never have dreamed that being pinned beneath Rick's body would feel so incredibly .
.
.
incredibly .
.
.
She moaned, letting her head drop back against the roof of the car as he began kissing her neck.
"I love you, Marie," he whispered, nuzzling her ear.
He raised his head, wanting to see her face.
And then he realized that Teri's porch light was on and that she was probably watching to see when she could turn it off.
Stroking Marie's hair, he pressed a final kiss to her lips.
"I think we'd better go."
"Hmmm?"
She ran her hand up his neck and into his hair.
"We need to go home.
Teri--"  He caught himself.
Marie would be embarrassed if she thought Teri and Jeremy had seen them kissing.
"Mmm."
She kissed him again.
Rick returned her kiss and then gently disengaged her arms.
"It's getting late.
We need to get home."
He helped her into the car.
"I think I like 1927 cars better than 2011 cars," Marie said as Rick slid behind the wheel.
"Why?"
"I could sit right beside you in a 1927 car."
"You have a good point."
As soon as he'd pulled out of the driveway, he took her hand.
"Did you have a good time tonight?"
"Mmm."
She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
Rick was glad that the trip home was long enough to give him a chance to cool down.
If they'd been alone at home instead of leaning against his car in his sister's driveway, he would have had a hard time stopping.
So when they got home and Marie put her arms around his neck, obviously ready to pick up where they'd left off, he held her away.
"We need to talk about this."
She kissed his chin.
"About what?"
"Kissing.
Touching.
Let's sit down."
They sat facing each other on the sofa, and Marie reached out to caress his face.
"Couldn't we kiss and touch instead of talking about it?"
He took her hand from his cheek, squeezing it.
"Don't you remember what we talked about?
About how-how passionate kissing can lead to lovemaking?"
"But Rick, can't we kiss at all?"
He raised her hand to nibble on one delicate fingertip, trying to resist the nearly irresistible impulses that the frustrated desire in her eyes and voice stirred in him.
"Not like we were tonight.
Don't you understand, Marie?
When our kisses get that hot, it's hard for me to stop.
I don't want to stop.
I want to make love to you."
Her face grew fiery, and she was silent for a few seconds, staring down at her hands.
"I-I don't know what to say.
I-I'm sorry."
"You don't have to be sorry.
You just need to know exactly what's happening.
What can happen."
She toyed with his fingers as she said, "I imagine you .
.
.
that is, you've .
.
.
you've .
.
.
made love .
.
.
before."
"Yes."
She was horrified when two tears spilled out of her eyes, and she tried to wipe them away before he could see.
But he noticed right away.
"What's wrong, sweetheart?"
She shook her head, but he reached out to tilt her chin up.
"What's wrong?"
She sniffed.
"I don't like to think of your-your .
.
.
touching .
.
.
anyone but me."
He gazed at her for a moment.
"I love you, Marie.
And if you'd stay here with me, I'd promise you that I would never, ever touch another woman."
His words filled her with anguish.
She could have him, but only if she stayed here.
And she couldn't do that.
She had to go home.
To have Rick, she would have to give up her parents, her friends, her home.
She loved Rick with her whole heart, but how could she .
.
.
how could she give up everything she'd ever known?
Rick handed Marie his handkerchief.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart.
I'm sorry that you feel torn.
But I have to tell you that I'd give anything in this world to have you stay here with me.
I love you so much."
Fresh tears rolled down her cheeks, and she laid her head on his shoulder.
She dabbed at her tears with Rick's handkerchief, noticing that it smelled like his cologne.
She was going to keep it and take it back with her.
She'd remember every kiss they'd ever shared whenever she smelled it.
And grow hot as she remembered.
Rick's kisses were unlike anything she'd ever imagined.
She could have spent her whole life watching romances and still never have been able to dream of anything as exciting as Rick's kisses and touches.
Rubbing her cheek against his shirt, she whispered, "Rick?"
"Yeah?"
"Can I tell you something that I maybe shouldn't?"
"What?"
"I really like it when you kiss my neck."
Chuckling, he dropped a kiss onto her neck.
"Any other secrets?"
"Yes," she whispered.
"When-when Davis .
.
.
put his tongue in-in my mouth, I didn't like it.
But you--with you, I like it."
She twisted her head about to kiss his throat.
"I think about you all the time.
I think about kissing you and touching you--with your shirt off."
She kissed him, her hands moving restlessly over his chest.
Nuzzling his ear, she told him, "It's probably wrong for me to tell you these things.
But I want to tell you everything.
I want you to know how I feel."
Rick pulled her onto his lap and began devouring her mouth.
If he didn't know better, he'd swear she was the most cunning seductress he'd ever known.
Her innocence combined with her confession was a powerful aphrodisiac.
She was so trusting and yet so passionate, her mouth as hungry as his, her hands caressing and clutching and clawing at his chest and shoulders and neck.
Hadn't she understood a word he'd said?
Rick let the embrace go on for as long as he could.
Then he ended it abruptly, setting her on the sofa and holding himself away from her.
"Rick," she gasped, reaching for him.
"No.
No, no, no," he groaned, refusing to let her put her arms around him or kiss him.
"I want more, Rick.
Please kiss me again."
His groan was deeper this time, and he turned away from her, dropping his head into his hands.
"Please go to bed, Marie."
"But Rick--" "Just go to bed.
Please."
He didn't look up when she finally complied.
He'd never known such ecstatic misery.
He wanted her so much that, 20 minutes after she'd gone, his hands were still trembling.
Was he a fool?
She'd begged him to keep kissing her.
She'd been so caught up in their kisses and caresses that she probably wouldn't have stopped him no matter how he'd touched her.
He could have made love to her.
Yet he'd stopped.
But he couldn't regret that decision.
She'd probably let him make love to her, but she'd be devastated when it was over.
Her morals were deeply ingrained, and the guilt would eat away at her.
He loved her far too much to put her through that.
But they couldn't go on like this.
He'd always prided himself on his self-control, but living under the same roof with a woman he loved, a woman who begged for his kisses--that was too much.
But he knew Marie didn't really understand.
She thought that they could just kiss forever.
If only he could convince her to stay here with him.
He was sure that she'd eventually come to accept the fact that she wasn't going to be able to get back home, but he was afraid they'd end up making love before she'd reached that point.
And while making love on their wedding night would be a wonderful, earth-shattering experience for them both, he knew that making love before marriage would probably have disastrous results for her--and therefore for him.
So he had to convince her to stay.
And to marry him.
Sighing, Rick rose and went to take a cold shower.
Marie's door was closed, and the light was off, so he assumed she'd done as he'd suggested and gone to bed.
Marie was in bed.
Quietly crying into her pillow.
~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~
Marie dressed quickly, hoping she could get to the garden before Rick woke up.
She didn't know how she could look him in the eye this morning.
She'd been so hurt last night when he'd refused to kiss her and told her to go to bed, but now she was embarrassed when she thought about how she'd pleaded with him to keep kissing her.
But .
.
.
but if-if they were married, she wouldn't have to plead.
He'd keep kissing her and kissing her until-until .
.
.
they made love.
Her face turned red at the thought.
She didn't know very much about making love, but if it was even better than the way Rick had kissed her and caressed her last night .
.
.
She shivered.
She would give anything to be able to make love with Rick.
Well, almost anything.
She had to go home.
She jumped when she heard Rick's door open.
Glancing at him, she turned and headed downstairs.
Rick followed her, wondering if she was mad or embarrassed or confused.
Most women would never again speak to a man who had rejected her touch.
But most women would have known exactly what they were doing.
Marie had simply been yielding to the pleasure of his kisses and touches with no intention of giving up her virginity.
He'd never known a woman so passionate.
When they walked out into the garden, Marie headed for the fog without a backward glance.
Rick grabbed her hand.
"Marie, wait."
He pulled her close, gazing down at her.
"Are you mad?"
"No.
Not exactly."
He stroked her hair.
"I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
She smiled then.
"I'm not mad."
"Good."
He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.
Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.
He ended the embrace with a series of quick, hard kisses and then eased his hold on her, panting.
Marie started to reach for him again, but then her eyes narrowed.
Pushing against his chest so hard that he stumbled back, she whirled and stormed off into the fog.
How dare he!
How dare he use his kisses to try to keep her from going home!
It was already hard enough just to look at him in the morning before she walked in the garden.
He knew that whenever they kissed, she didn't want to stop, that she'd kiss him forever.
Just last night he'd told her that they couldn't kiss like that unless they got married.
And this morning he dared to kiss her that way, knowing that it would make her all but forget her walk!
When she returned to the house nearly half an hour later, she stormed past him and up to her room.
Rick knew for sure that she was mad this time, knew why, and knew he'd been wrong to do what he'd done.
"Sweetheart, I'm sorry," he called running after her.
"I shouldn't have done it.
I just wanted you to know--"  He heard her door slam.
Going upstairs to knock on it, he called, "Marie, please come out and talk to me."
He paused.
"I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have kissed you like that.
I just love you so much, sweetheart.
I don't want to lose you."
When he didn't get a response, he turned toward the stairs with a sigh.
He'd known exactly what he was doing when he'd kissed her, and he'd known it was unfair.
He couldn't blame her for being angry.
Marie wanted to throw something.
Or hit something.
She settled for snatching up her pillow and slamming it against the bedpost.
She was confused enough already--she didn't need him making everything worse.
She loved her family and missed them.
But she also loved Rick.
And 2011 wasn't so bad .
.
.
but it wasn't home.
Rick went down to the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea.
He'd wait an hour and see if Marie wanted him to make her breakfast.
He hoped she'd forgive him soon.
He'd hate to waste a whole Sunday fighting.
He took his tea out to the garden.
Gazing at the white roses, he sighed, wishing Marie would come down and share the beauty of the morning with him.
He couldn't blame her for being mad, but he was getting desperate.
He felt as if he were in a race to convince her to marry him before they reached a point where they were unable to stop themselves from making love.
He couldn't keep pushing her away forever.
It was a wonder he'd been able to stop himself--and her--this long.
Being here was like being on vacation, she'd told him.
He sipped his tea, trying to imagine what this was all really like for her.
He remembered his first trip to Europe, the summer after he’d graduated from college.
He'd spent a month in Great Britain and had loved it.
But if he'd had to stay there forever, he would have been unbearably homesick.
He would have missed his family, his home, the comfortable familiarity of the city and country where he'd grown up.
And how much worse would it have been if he'd been snatched away against his will?
And unable to communicate with his family and friends?
His heart began to ache for her.
She had parents she loved, parents she knew were worried about her.
She found everything here new and exciting, but there was a lot to be said for old and familiar.
If she were home right now, she'd probably be sitting at her kitchen table with her mother planning a shopping trip or a luncheon or .
.
.
Rick blinked hard.
Something was wrong.
The fog, which had been dissipating, was getting denser.
It shrouded most of his garden, including his electric fountain, which he could no longer hear.
It was 1927.
Rick caught his breath, trying to see through the fog.
He knew that the door .
.
.
or window .
.
.
or whatever .
.
.
had opened.
He'd been thinking about Marie's life in 1927--just as he had been when she'd walked into his garden and his life.
He was the key.
Rick squeezed his eyes shut, thinking about television and microwaves and airplanes.
When he opened them, most of the fog had evaporated.
Everything seemed normal.
The water was gurgling from the frog's mouth.
Jumping up, he ran inside and up the stairs.
"Marie?"
he called, knocking on her door.
"Sweetheart, I'm sorry.
Please come out."
Marie zipped and buttoned her shorts and looked at her hair in the mirror.
Part of her wanted to stay mad at him, but she didn't want to waste a Sunday fighting.
Tucking her hair behind her ear, she opened the door.
Rick snatched her up, hugging her fiercely.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart.
I just love you so much."
The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
"Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.
"I love you so much."
She put her hands on his chest and pushed away.
"Let me catch my breath!"
"I'm sorry."
He caressed her cheek.
"Do you want to go to the beach today?"
"Really?
You hate to go both Saturday and Sunday."
"But you love it."
He took her hand, pressing his lips into her palm.
"Go put on your bathing suit."
He'd always had a hard time keeping his eyes off her at the beach, but today it was impossible.
She was so gorgeous.
He watched as she rubbed lotion on her lovely legs, her silky dark hair falling forward as she did so.
Marie, not noticing any difference in his stare, smiled as she handed him the bottle.
"Will you put some on my back?"
She stretched out on her stomach.
He ran his hands up and down and around her back, massaging and caressing.
Her skin was so soft.
He dropped a kiss onto her shoulder.
"Does that feel good?"
"Mmm," she murmured sleepily.
Moving her hair aside, he kissed the nape of her neck.
Then he moved down, slowly pressing kisses along the length of her spine.
Marie's toes curled, her body on fire.
"Rick," she whispered hoarsely when she could at last breathe.
"That-that makes me .
.
.
makes me .
.
.
I want .
.
."
"Shhh."
He caressed her hair.
"I'm sorry.
I'll leave you alone.
Relax and take a nap."
Not likely, she thought, her body still tingling.
Rick propped himself up on an elbow, gazing at her.
Her eyes were closed, her face still flushed.
He knew that she wanted him, and he didn't think she'd respond to his touches and kisses the way she always did if she didn't love him.
He could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
They'd get married and make love day and night.
And soon they'd have children.
She'd have a family here, and that would make up for the family she had in 1927.
They swam and played in the surf, but Marie thought Rick seemed very sober.
Did he think she was still angry with him?
Maybe he wasn't feeling well.
Taking his hand as they returned to their blanket, she asked, "Are you feeling all right, Rick?"
"Yeah, I'm fine."
"Why don't we go home so you can rest since you have to go to work tomorrow?"
"It's still early."
"We've been here several hours already.
Let's go home and read the paper and nap and order a pizza tonight.
Then maybe you won't feel tired tomorrow."
He slid his arm around her waist, pulling her against him.
"I love you so much," he said as he bent to kiss her.
They went home, but Rick couldn't read, couldn't rest, wasn't hungry.
All he could do was think about how much he loved Marie, how desperately he wanted her to stay here and marry him.
The thought of her walking through the garden, back into 1927, out of his life forever .
.
.
He shuddered.
"Are you sure you're feeling all right?"
Marie asked him, having seen his shudder.
"Maybe you had too much sun this weekend."
She leaned over to feel his forehead.
"Hmmm.
You may have a slight fever.
I'm going to get you some aspirin and juice."
He watched her go.
She was so sweet and loving.
When she returned, he took the aspirin and drank the juice, obeying when she insisted that he lie down on the sofa so that she could bathe his face with cool water.
Marie patted his forehead with the washcloth, dipped it into the bowl of water, wrung it out, and then patted his forehead again.
"Maybe a good night's sleep will help ward off a cold."
She kissed his temple.
He took her hand, pressing his lips into her palm.
"Lie down here with me."
She stretched out beside him, and finally, with Marie in his arms, he fell asleep.
But when he awoke the next morning, she wasn't there.
Panicking, he jumped up.
"Marie!
Marie!"
She was coming out of her room as he raced up the stairs.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing," he gasped, sweeping her into his arms.
"I-I just got worried when I woke up and you were gone."
"I decided to get dressed and make breakfast before I woke you up.
I wanted to let you sleep as late as possible."
"Is-is there still time for you to walk?"
"Yes.
It's barely 7:00."
She pushed away from him, looking up at him anxiously.
"How are you feeling?"
"OK." "I haven't had a chance to make breakfast.
Since it's so early, why don't I do that before we go out to the garden?"
He started to say that he wasn't hungry, but he wanted to put off her walk in the garden as long as possible.
So he helped her make breakfast and then managed to swallow most of his.
Out in the garden, he took her hands, gazing down at her.
"I won't kiss you like I did yesterday.
But I want you to know how very much I love you."
She smiled, raising her lips to his for a brief kiss.
As she wandered off, Rick focused his mind on the TV shows they'd watched last night.
He replayed all the details of the plots, being sure that he saw, in his mind's eye, all the colors.
Then he began thinking about planes, remembering his trip with Marie to Los Angeles.
Then he thought about all the computer programs he used and how to troubleshoot them.
He'd just started listing microwave products in his mind when Marie returned.
He rose and went to hug her.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart," he said, immediately kicking himself for his hypocrisy.
She sighed, letting herself be comforted by his embrace.
August was just around the corner now, and she and her mother normally spent August at Cape Cod.
Her father joined them on weekends.
They wouldn't go there this year—not with her still missing.
She'd been gone five weeks now.
Five weeks and two days.
And they had no idea what had happened to her.
"I love you, sweetheart."
She smiled, his words bringing her out of her reverie.
Yesterday he'd told her he loved her more times than he had the previous four or five days combined.
And that was saying a lot.
He hated having to go to work this morning.
What if, now that he was trying so hard not to think about anything in 1927, his mind wandered to it?
He knew he wouldn't be able to bear it if he went home and found that she had disappeared.
After nearly four hours of trying to concentrate on his work, he gave up and told his secretary that he wasn't feeling well and was going home.
On his way there, a shop window caught his eye, and he slammed on his brakes, causing the driver behind him to lean on his horn.
He circled around and dashed into the store.
Marie had just sat down in front of the TV with a dish of ice cream when she heard the garage door open.
How odd--why would Rick come home in the middle of the day?
Remembering how he'd seemed to feel ill yesterday, she set her ice cream down and ran to meet him.
Rick was just getting out of his car.
"Hi, sweetheart."
"Hi.
What are you doing home so early?
Are you sick?"
"No.
I-I've just had something on my mind.
There's something I need to ask you."
"Why didn't you just call?"
"It's too important for that."
He took her hand, gazing into her eyes as he raised it to his lips.
"Let's go inside."
They sat down on the sofa, and Rick held both her hands in his as he faced her.
"I love you, Marie.
I love you more than I've ever loved anyone in my life.
I want-I want to spend the rest of my life with you."
He released her hands to reach into his pocket for a small box.
Opening it, he took out a diamond ring.
Marie gasped, staring at the ring.
It was gorgeous.
But surely .
.
.
surely he wasn't going to ask-- "Will you marry me, Marie?"
She looked from the beautiful ring to his anxious face.
Tears filled her eyes.
"I can't, Rick.
I have to go home.
I-I miss my parents.
I-I just—I have to go home."
He swallowed, looking down at the ring.
"I thought maybe you loved me too.
I thought--" "I do love you."
The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.
His eyes blazed.
"Do you really mean that?"
"Yes.
Oh, Rick, it's been so hard not to tell you I love you.
But I was afraid that telling you would make it harder to leave.
And I was right."
Her tears spilled over.
"Then stay here with me.
Marry me."
He took her hand, sliding the ring onto her third finger.
She shook her head, gazing at the ring as tears ran down her cheeks.
"Just over five weeks ago, I had a fight with Davis.
I was confused and didn't have a chance to talk to my mother about it.
I needed to and was going to, after I'd walked through the garden and thought about it and it was time for her to be awake .
.
.
but instead I walked into your garden, into 2011."
The tears began flowing faster down her cheeks.
"But I don't belong here.
It’s as if-as if I’ve been abducted from my home and put in prison.
A beautiful prison, yes--but still a place where I'm trapped."
Rick stared at her, his throat thick and sore.
"Is-is that how you feel here with me?"
"Yes--no."
She looked up at him, sliding her hands into his.
"I love you, Rick.
And I'm not unhappy here.
In many ways, I'm very happy.
But I feel .
.
.
lost.
Misplaced.
Homesick."
She squeezed his hands.
"I want to listen to my father's jokes, even though they're not funny.
I want to sneak off to see my brother and to go to a speakeasy with my cousin Tom.
Most of all, I want to talk to my mother.
And--"  She choked back a sob.
"And what I want most to talk to her about is you.
I want to tell her how much I love you, how wonderful you are, how getting to know you made me realize that I could never spend my life with Davis.
I want to tell her how thoughtful you are, how loving.
I want to tell her how-how.
.
.
hot .
.
.
your kisses make me and ask her about-about making love.
But there's no point to it!
I won't have you any more!"
She took the handkerchief he'd just pulled from his pocket, wiping her face.
"It's so horrible.
If-if I were to keep this beautiful ring, the first thing I'd want to do would be to run to my mother and tell her all about it.
But I can't go to her.
And when I can finally run to her, I won't be wearing this ring."
Slowly she removed the ring from her finger.
"I love you, Rick.
I feel torn apart.
But I have to go home!"
Rick drew her into his arms, feeling torn apart himself.
He couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
But he hated seeing her miserable.
"Marie," he said softly, stroking her hair, "you've been here for over five weeks.
You've walked in the garden almost every morning.
What if you can't get back?
What if--" "Don't say that!"
She sat up, looking at him in horror.
"I can't even imagine never seeing my family again!
Do you know how upset they must be, how terrified they must be wondering what happened to me?"
She closed her eyes, catching her breath.
When she opened them, she was calmer.
"I do love you, Rick, and I enjoy being here.
But if I thought I could never go home--"   She shuddered.
"When I'm missing my family, thinking about seeing them again and thinking how ecstatic they'll be is the only thing that keeps me from complete despair."
She opened the hand clenching the diamond and held it out to him.
"I'm sorry, Rick.
I love you, but I can't marry you."
Reluctantly he took the ring, pocketing it as he watched her rise and head for the bathroom.
She didn't know what he did—that she could go home tomorrow.
She'd calm down, and then things would go back to normal.
Eventually she'd accept that her life was here now.
She'd have to accept it.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Marie wanted to make Rick a special meal that evening.
She felt terrible for having rejected his proposal.
She looked through the two recipe books he'd bought her but couldn't find anything that appealed to her.
Maybe she should just prepare something simple and have candlelight and flowers from the garden.
No--that seemed silly.
How could she plan a romantic evening when she'd just told him that she couldn't marry him?
She closed the book with a sigh.
She loved Rick with a passion she'd never imagined.
She wanted to marry him.
But she wanted to go home too.
She missed her family.
And she wanted to see Davis again--so she could tell him off.
She wanted to tell him that now she knew how she should be treated by a man who really loved her.
She'd tell him she knew what it was like to be comfortable with a man, to be able to snuggle up to him when she wanted to be held and to put her arms around his neck when she wanted to be kissed.
She smiled, thinking about Rick's kisses.
There was nothing in the world she'd rather do than kiss Rick.
When she got home .
.
.
a lump formed in her throat, making it sore.
Once she got home, she'd never be able to kiss him again.
She'd never again spend the evening snuggled up in his arms.
She tried to swallow the lump.
Rick would be gone from her life forever.
Tears formed in her eyes, and she squeezed them shut.
She could easily imagine the excitement of her return home, but she couldn't imagine not having Rick any more.
He'd become the center of her life.
She-- "Marie?"
Her eyes flew open, and she looked up to see him standing by the sofa.
"I-I was just trying to think of something to make for dinner."
"Why don't we go out?"
She shook her head.
"I really don't feel like going out."
Walking to him, she linked her arms around his neck.
"I'm sorry, Rick."
"For what?"
"For not being able to accept your proposal."
He rested his forehead against hers.
"I love you so much, Marie."
"I love you too."
"Do you?"
"Yes."
She pressed her lips to his.
He drew her closer.
"Would it be so bad if you couldn't get home?"
"Yes!"
She pulled away, looking so stricken that he had to glance away from her eyes.
"I'm sorry."
His arms fell away from her.
"I just--I'm .
.
.
I'm selfish.
I don't want to lose you."
"I don't want to lose you either.
Do you know what it feels like to be torn in two?
To desperately want two things when you can only have one?"
"No."
He glanced at her.
"I just wish I was the one you wanted most."
She caught her breath, covering her mouth with her hand and running from the room.
Rick hated himself for pushing her like that, but he couldn't seem to help it.
He was desperate.
He knew now that he could keep her here, but how could he do that when she wanted so much to go home?
He ordered Chinese, and Marie came down just after it arrived.
She saw the cartons and silently went to pour two glasses of tea.
Rick slid his arms around her from behind.
"I love you."
She didn't respond, pulling away from him to carry the glasses to the table.
With a sigh he took plates from the cabinet.
Marie put two wontons on her plate.
"Did I ever tell you about my wedding gown?"
"Your mother’s?"
"Yes.
It's beautiful.
It's covered with lace and pearls, and it has a 15-foot train.
But the important thing is that it was my grandmother's.
She wore it, and then my mother wore it.
I've always known that I'd wear it when I get married."
He frowned.
"It means that much to you?
You want to go home so that you can be married in that dress?"
"No--not just for the dress.
It's-it's family and tradition and what I grew up thinking about and everything that's a part of me."
She toyed with a wonton.
"What do you do at Christmas?"
"Until last year, my sister and I would go to my parents' house on Christmas Eve for dinner.
Then we'd open gifts and then have hot chocolate and cinnamon rolls and watch home movies.
Teri and I would always spend the night there, and we'd all go to my grandparents' house on Christmas morning and have lunch with all the aunts and uncles and cousins."
"What happened last year?"
"My parents sold their house and moved to Florida.
They came here, and Teri did too, but it wasn't the same.
We--"  His eyes flew to hers.
She met his gaze.
"And what if you hadn't even been able to be with them at all?"
He swallowed.
"I would have been very upset."
Both picked at their food in silence.
Rick glanced at Marie surreptitiously, wanting to gobble her up with his eyes but not wanting to explain his stare.
He loved her so much.
He couldn't imagine living without her.
He stabbed at a wonton.
How could he say he loved her and deliberately keep her here against her will?
How could he put his wants above hers?
Standing up, he raked his fingers through his hair.
Marie looked up at him with concern.
"Are you all right?"
"No."
He closed his eyes.
"What would you say if I told you you could go home tomorrow?"
"I'd jump for joy.
Why?"
He squeezed the back of his chair, refusing to look at her.
"Yesterday morning, after you went up to your room, I sat in the garden thinking about what your life in 1927 was like."
His arms began to tremble.
"I suddenly realized, when I looked out into the garden, that it was 1927."
She gasped.
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah.
I-I must be the key.
The-the door or whatever must open when I think about 1927."
“But why would you be the reason?” “I—“  He cleared his throat.
“I-I read an article about you.
Before you walked into my garden.” “An article about me?” “Yeah.
You and your family.
A group Teri works with threw a 1920s party, and she gave me a book about the 1920s.
There was a section about you.” “What did it say?” “It had information about your father and his business and how he disinherited your brother.
And it said that you married Davis and had three children and-and .
.
.
died when you were 37.” Her eyes widened, and her face paled.
“37?
I-I’m going to die in 14 more years?” “No!”  He looked into her eyes.
“No.
Davis .
.
.
he mistreated you.
Cheated on you.
Gave you an infection.
But now you aren’t going to marry him.
And-and the article changed.” “Changed?” “Yeah.”  He raked his fingers through his hair again.
“I read it again after you came here, and it had changed.
Now it just gives general information about your family and your birth.
It doesn’t mention your death or-or anything about marriage or children.”  He paused.
“I thought that maybe .
.
.
maybe that’s because coming here would change all that.” She blinked, trying to absorb what he was telling her.
Her life was already on record?
She was going to have three children?
But no—not any more.
At least not with Davis, because she wasn’t going to marry him.
So .
.
.
Looking at Rick, she asked, “Do you still have the article?” “Yeah.
Upstairs.” She followed him to his office, where he took the article out of a desk drawer.
Without a word, he handed it to her.
The picture was one she and her parents and John had posed for just days before her father had disinherited him.
The article with it was short.
It was strange to read about herself, although, as Rick had told her, it didn’t say much.
“Are you sure it originally said all that about Davis and our having children and-and .
.
.
my death?” “Yeah.
That-that’s part of what made me start thinking about you.
That and your picture.
You were so beautiful, and I couldn’t imagine anyone treating you the way Davis had.
The article said you were vibrant and fun-loving before your marriage.
That captured my imagination, I guess, and I was sitting in the garden drinking tea and thinking about you, imagining what you were like and what your life must have been like before your marriage.
And then-and then you walked into my garden.” “Incredible.”  She stared up at him.
“But how?
I mean, how did that .
.
.
open the door or whatever?
Had you ever done that before?” “No.”  He shrugged.
“I was really lonely and falling in love with a girl in a book.
Maybe God decided to take mercy on me.” “Oh, Rick.”  Her eyes filled with tears.
“I’ve fallen in love with you too.
But I have to go back.”  She sniffed, reaching out to squeeze his wrists.
“Can you really open the door?” “Apparently so.” Marie’s heart raced, soared, plummeted, and soared again.
She couldn't wait to see her mother!
She'd be leaving here, going home, saying good-bye to Rick, seeing her family .
.
.
She swallowed, concentrating on trying to get her heart under control.
“I can’t believe it!
I-I’m really going to just walk back into 1927, just go back the way I came.
We’ve been doing it right all along—except that you had to be the one thinking about my home.” "Yeah."
Marie stared at him, her eyes widening in disbelief.
"Rick?
Are you-are you crying?"
Not giving him time to respond, she threw her arms around him.
"I'm sorry."
She covered his face with kisses.
"I love you, Rick.
I love you so much.
I don't want to hurt you."
His arms whipped around her.
"Then don't leave me."
She looked up at him, her eyes filling with tears.
"I have to.
I-I just have to.
I have to go home."
They stayed locked in each other's arms, her tears soaking into his shirt, his tears dripping into her hair.
At last, Rick, feeling weak and shaky, took Marie's hand and led her to the living room.
They sat down on the sofa, and he drew her close.
"I love you more than anything in the world," he whispered into her hair.
"I love you too.
But Rick--" "I understand.
But I don't know how I'm going to bear it."
They were quiet for several minutes.
Playing with Rick's fingers, Marie tried to grasp what was happening.
She was going home.
She was going to be with her family again.
She should be ecstatic, and she was .
.
.
but she was also .
.
.
Sad?
Frightened?
Torn, definitely.
She loved Rick.
She wanted to marry him.
But she wanted to go home too.
"I hope my mother doesn't faint when she sees me."
"You really miss her."
"Yes.
There have been times in the last five weeks when I really needed her.
Needed to talk to her."
"When you get back, what are you going to talk to her about?"
"You."
Fresh tears ran down her cheeks.
He tilted her chin up, wiping away her tears.
"Won't you consider staying here with me?
Marrying me?"
Her throat tightened, and she pulled her chin free, shaking her head.
"I can't."
She gripped his hands.
"It's like a lifeline.
I love you, and I love 2011, but if I let go of my home, I'd be lost."
Rick reached into his pocket, taking out his handkerchief and handing it to her.
She started to wipe her face with it but then stopped.
Rick frowned as she stared at it.
"What's wrong?"
She went to the bathroom for some tissue.
"Marie?"
Rick called after her, standing up.
He started to follow her, but she returned seconds later.
"What's wrong?"
"I don't want to use your handkerchief.
I want to keep it and take it home with me.
It-it smells like you."
He smiled, stroking her hair.
"Is there anything else you'd like to have?"
She thought about it for a moment.
"Could I have one of your t-shirts?"
"Of course.
Do you want to take your clothes with you?"
"No.
I could never wear them except when I'm alone, and when I'm alone, I want to wear your t-shirt.
Will you go change into one now so that it will .
.
.
will .
.
.
smell like you?"
"OK."  He kissed her lips softly and went to change.
Marie went to the kitchen to get a cold wonton to nibble on.
She couldn't believe she was going home!
She'd spend all day tomorrow talking to her mother, and her father would probably come home from work at a reasonable hour.
And she’d get Tom to take her to see her brother this weekend.
She didn't know how she was going to explain her disappearance.
She couldn't very well tell them she'd gone 84 years into the future--they'd think she'd lost her mind.
Maybe she could pretend to have amnesia.
No--she was going to tell her mother all about Rick.
She knew that she wouldn't be able to keep quiet about him even if she wanted to.
Rick joined her in the kitchen.
"How about this one?"
He was wearing a plain blue t-shirt.
"Yeah."
She leaned close, inhaling.
Then she raised her face to nuzzle his neck.
"You put on fresh cologne."
"I wanted to be sure I had on enough for the t-shirt to absorb it."
She kissed his neck.
"Do you want me to heat up the food?"
"I'm not hungry."
She took a wonton and held it to his lips.
"Sure?"
He let her put it in his mouth, feeling her fingertips brush his lips.
"Hmmm."
He chewed and swallowed.
"Maybe if you feed me."
She put all the food in bowls and heated it in the microwave while he poured fresh tea.
"Is this pork or chicken?"
Marie asked as she set a bowl on the table.
"Chicken.
Is that OK?"
"Yeah."
She loved sweet and sour chicken.
When they sat down, Rick told her, "I want to start with fried rice."
She laughed.
"You were serious about being fed!"
"You'd better believe it."
She fed him a forkful of fried rice.
He returned the favor, and within ten minutes the table was covered with grains of rice and bits of food they'd spilled.
"Let me have some of that sweet and sour chicken," Rick said.
He shook his head when she speared a piece.
"No.
With your fingers."
"It's too messy!"
"Fingers."
Relenting, she picked up a small piece with the tips of her thumb and forefinger.
Rick ate it slowly, closing his eyes.
"That's the best bite of sweet and sour chicken I've ever had."
Chuckling, she took another piece and fed it to him.
"This really is messy."
Rick grabbed her wrist when she started to reach for a napkin.
He leaned forward, taking her forefinger into his mouth and licking off the sweet and sour sauce.
Heat flooded Marie's body.
She watched, helpless, as Rick continued to suck on her finger, his tongue caressing it.
He raised his eyes to hers as he freed her finger.
"Better?"
She felt paralyzed.
How could his sucking her finger make her feel the same way his kisses did?
She caught her breath when he raised her hand again to lick the sauce from her thumb.
"Rick," she moaned at last, tugging her hand free.
"This is one thing I have to talk to my mother about."
"What?"
"How your touch makes me feel."
She released a shaky sigh, hiding her hands in her lap.
"Everything you do makes me feel this way.
When you kiss me, when you kiss my neck, when you pressed me against the car.
And yesterday when you kissed my back.
No one else has ever made me feel like this.
How can it be that your kissing my back makes my heart pound harder than Davis' kissing my lips?"
"Because you love me."
He would have loved to answer all her questions, but he knew she'd be embarrassed.
She shook her head, still unable to understand how having her finger in his mouth could make her entire body throb and burn.
Needing to push the feeling away, she rose and started to clear the table.
"Don't."
Rick took the dishes from her.
"We're not going to spend our last hours together doing dishes."
She swallowed, running her hands over his t-shirt.
"I wish I had something from 1927 to give you."
He stroked her hair.
"You could leave your dress and go back in your bathing suit."
She smiled.
"I'll have enough to explain as it is."
Inspired by the way he was toying with her hair, she asked, "Would you like to have a lock of my hair?"
"That's a great idea."
He bent to inhale its fragrance.
She took scissors from a drawer and reached for a lock on the back of her head.
She snipped one off and handed it to Rick.
"We should find a ribbon to tie it so that the strands won't come lose."
He fingered the silky lock.
This was all he'd have left of her.
Swallowing, he nodded.
"I don't have any, but I'll buy one.
For now I'll put it in a book."
They went to the living room, and he put it in her copy of The Dragonriders of Pern.
Drawing her down with him onto the sofa, he asked, "Is there anything special you want to do tonight?"
"My last night here."
Her heart soared and then plummeted, bouncing around erratically just as it had when he'd first told her he could help her get home.
"I don't know.
I'll miss TV and the microwave and the blowdryer, but the only thing I'll really have a hard time doing without is you.
I love you, Rick.
You've changed my life.
You’ve saved my life.
If it weren't for you, I'd be marrying Davis and dying in 14 years.”  She shuddered at the thought.
Snuggling up closer to him, she sighed.
“If it weren’t for you, I'd have no idea that it's possible to be so comfortable with a man.
And your kisses .
.
."
She blushed just thinking about how they made her feel.
He kissed her lips softly.
"Do you know what my life was like before you came?
I'd dated half the women in Boston, I think, trying to find one that I wanted to spend my life with.
I was really lonely, but I'd just about given up.
It just wasn't worth the effort."
He squeezed her hands.
"And then you walked into my garden.
We spent time together, got to know each other .
.
.
fell in love."
He raised first one hand and then the other to his lips.
"I want to spend my life with you, Marie.
I understand about your wanting to go home.
But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."
Her eyes filled with tears.
"I'm so sorry, Rick.
It-it probably would have been better for you if I'd never walked into your life."
"Don't say that!"
He hugged her.
"I don't know how I'm going to live without you, but I can't imagine never having loved you.
And I'm so glad you told me that you love me."
"I do.
I love you with all my heart."
She pressed her lips to his neck and felt his pulse quicken.
"You like being kissed on the neck too, don't you?"
she whispered into his ear.
"I like it anywhere you kiss me."
She pressed kisses along his neck and then across his jaw, finally reaching his mouth.
Their kiss was slow and sweet, and Marie sighed into his mouth.
"It's so nice," she murmured.
"What?"
He tangled his fingers in her hair as he bent to kiss her neck.
"Being able to kiss the man I love whenever I want instead of having to wait for him to kiss me."
"You can kiss me any time, anywhere you want."
He nibbled on her neck.
"Day or night."
He touched the tip of his tongue to the hollow of her throat.
Marie caught her breath, clutching at Rick's shoulders.
Her fingers dug into them as his tongue traced a path up her throat to her chin and then to her mouth, teasing her lips until she gripped the back of his head to pull it to hers, needing his mouth hard on hers.
Rick's kiss was passionate, possessive.
Alternately he savored the taste and feel of her and then devoured her, feeling her passion and hunger grow.
Almost without thinking, he slipped his hand inside her blouse just to touch the soft skin of her midriff, but he withdrew it when he heard her gasp.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered.
“No .
.
.
no,” she breathed.
“I like it when you touch me.” Rick groaned as she kissed his neck.
When he touched her midriff again, he felt her muscles clench in response.
Her skin was softer than anything he’d ever touched .
.
.
and he knew that there were even softer places to touch.
He also knew she was on fire.
She would let him touch her any way he wanted, and all she'd do would be moan and grow hotter.
With his arm around her shoulders, he eased her down onto the sofa.
She writhed beneath his weight, moaning.
She'd never be able to leave him once they'd made love.
His mouth ravaged hers as he pressed her deeper into the cushions.
Panting, he raised his head and pulled back enough to unbutton her blouse.
Marie gazed up into his eyes.
"I love you, Rick."
He froze.
Her eyes were clear and loving and .
.
.
trusting.
She trusted him not to hurt her, to do what was best for her.
Groaning, he rolled off her.
Marie immediately pushed herself up and over to lie on top of him, her mouth claiming his again.
He couldn't help returning her kiss, but when she began kissing his neck, he croaked, "Sweetheart, please stop."
She paused for just a second.
But then she ran her hand over his chest, nibbling on his earlobe as she whispered, "I don't think I can."
He groaned again.
It had taken all the strength he had to make himself stop.
If she kept kissing him, no power on earth, no amount of love or guilt would be able to make him stop.
"Marie," he began, his voice cracking, "do you want to make love?"
She froze.
Make love?
All she knew was that she wanted more of Rick--more of his kisses and his touches.
She felt like she couldn't get enough.
All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.
She would have blushed if her entire body weren’t already on fire.
Rick wasn't her husband.
And he never would be.
For that reason, she shouldn't make love with him .
.
.
but for that reason, she wanted to make love with him.
But how could she do that and then leave him forever?
How could she give herself to him so completely and then walk away from him?
With effort, she made herself roll off him, but she couldn't resist cuddling up against him.
"I wish I could say yes.
I love you, Rick."
He didn't respond for a few moments, needing to let his desire ebb.
"If I hadn't asked you, if I'd just gone on kissing you and touching you, we would have made love.
You wouldn't have stopped me."
This time she did blush.
"You're probably right."
She thought about his words, frowning.
"Ever since I was 16 or so, my mother has told me not to allow a young man to take liberties.
But ever since we came back from Hollywood, I've let you-let you .
.
.
kiss and-and .
.
.
touch me .
.
.
in ways that were inappropriate, because whenever you kiss and touch me, all I can think about is how exquisite it feels and how I want more.
I think-I think you're right: I think that you could have touched me any way you wanted, and all I would have done would have been catch my breath and beg for more."
She rubbed her face against his arm.
"So if I was supposed to stop you, and you knew I wouldn't, why did you stop?"
"Because you looked into my eyes and told me you love me."
He sighed.
"If you had moaned it in a moment of passion, if your eyes had been closed .
.
."
He swallowed.
"You are an incredibly passionate woman, Marie.
I could have made love to you and said that it was your fault as much as mine.
But you let me kiss you, let me touch you not just because you want me but because you trust me.
You've said that you've never kissed anyone the way you've kissed me.
You've said that no one has ever made you feel the way I make you feel.
Do you know how much responsibility that puts on me?
I have to take care of you.
I can't take advantage of your love for me.
I have to-have to .
.
.
protect it."
Tears slid down her cheeks.
"I love you so much, Rick.
I wish-I wish I could say let's just forget about everything else and make love.
But I-I just can't."
"I want to make love to you more than I want to take my next breath.
And if you said yes, I'd stop thinking altogether and spend all night making love to you.
But when all I had left was my memories, I'd feel guilty that I'd taken your virginity and let you go back to 1927 with the guilt I know you'd feel.
And-and I'd never know if maybe you were pregnant."
The horrifying thought gripped his mind.
"If we'd made love, you might have gotten pregnant and then gone back to 1927, and I would never have known that I had a child."
That thought cooled his desire faster than anything else could have.
He thought she might have changed her mind about staying if they'd made love—but what if they'd made love and she hadn't?
Marie began sobbing.
"I'd love to have your baby."
"I couldn't bear wondering.
And you'd be shamed.
In 1927 you'd-you'd have a hard time finding a man to marry you and raise the baby as his."
He squeezed his eyes shut but was unable to keep tears from seeping out at the thought of Marie married to someone else.
"I don't want to marry anyone else!"
Her sobs became louder, and she wrapped her arms around him.
"But you will.
And so will I.
We're both young.
We'll end up settling for someone we love less than we love each other, just so we won't be alone."
"No!"
She began crying so hard that she became ill and had to jump up and run to the bathroom.
Rick got up and followed her.
He wet a washcloth for her and one for himself.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart," he said, handing her a washcloth as she straightened.
"I should keep all these disturbing thoughts to myself."
With trembling hands, she began washing her face.
"I feel torn completely in two.
I don't think I can ever be happy again.
When I go back, I'll be miserably lonely for you.
But if I were to stay here, I'd miss my family, my home, my roots.
I'd feel misplaced.
I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."
She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it.
"I understand.
But that doesn't make it any easier."
Tossing his washcloth into the clothes basket, he picked up a brush, and when she straightened after having brushed her teeth, he began smoothing her hair with long, slow strokes.
Marie closed her eyes, tears seeping from them.
She stood still for as long as she could, but finally, unable to bear the tenderness of his touch, she turned around and took the brush from him.
"I'll never be able to go to the shore or drive a car or-or shop for bathing suits without feeling pain because it'll make me think of you.
I don't want to have to stop brushing my hair."
He smiled just a bit.
"I don't think I'll ever go to the beach again."
He took her hands, his face growing serious.
"And I swear to you that I'll never go to Hollywood with another woman."
She turned to reach for a tissue.
"Please don't make me cry again."
They went back downstairs and lay on the sofa again.
They talked quietly until they dozed off and then awoke, talked, and fell asleep again.
A weak light was filtering into the room when Rick opened his eyes again, his heart heavy.
In just an hour or so, he'd lose Marie forever.
Marie opened her eyes to find Rick gazing down at her.
"Good morning."
"Morning."
"I love you."
"I love you too."
They were quiet for a few minutes.
"Rick," Marie finally began, "maybe I should wait another day."
He didn't respond right away.
"It won't be any easier tomorrow.
And I can't promise I'll be able to stop myself if we start-start kissing again."
He was right.
And she didn't think she'd stop him even knowing that they would end up making love.
Half an hour later Marie sat up.
"I guess I'd better go get dressed."
"OK." "I'm not going to take a shower.
I've lain with you all night, and I want to have your scent on me as long as possible."
He smiled a bit.
"I'll go take this shirt off and put it in a bag."
She went to her room and put on a set of black lace underwear and a set of emerald on top of that.
Now that she knew Rick was the key to opening the door, she wasn’t worried that clothing from 2011 would keep her from getting back.
She wanted to wear the black dress they'd bought for their trip to Hollywood, but she put on her Egyptian-motif dress, not wanting to shock her parents.
She tucked Rick's handkerchief into her bra--bras--and then put on the silver bracelet he'd bought her in Tijuana.
Finally she took Davis' betrothal ring from the little porcelain dish where it had lain since the night she'd realized she couldn't marry him.
In a few hours she'd take it off and hand it to him.
Rick was outside her door when she opened it.
He handed her a paper grocery bag, telling her, "This bag is kind of big, but all the others are plastic and have `Walmart' written on them."
"Thank you."
They went downstairs hand in hand.
"Do you want some breakfast before .
.
.
before you go?"
"No, thank you.
I'm not hungry."
Rick hesitated at the kitchen door, glancing at Marie.
He wanted to beg her to stay with him, to get down on his knees if he had to, cry, plead.
But that would just make both of them miserable.
She'd already made her decision.
He led her into the garden.
"I'll sit here and think about your life in 1927.
I think if you just walk straight out that way, you'll get home."
She linked her arms around his neck, still clutching the paper bag.
"I love you with all my heart, Rick.
This is tearing me apart.
I want to spend my life with you.
But I have to go home."
"I'll never love another woman the way I love you.
I can't even imagine how I'm going to deal with the void you're about to create."
Tears sparkled in her eyes.
"I'm sorry."
"I know."
He kissed her then, slowly, sweetly, longingly, trying to memorize the taste and feel of her mouth.
He wanted to deepen the kiss, to evoke the passion he knew only too well that she was capable of, but such a kiss would be torture for both of them.
Marie at last ended the kiss.
She gazed up into his eyes for a moment.
"I love you, Rick."
"I love you too, sweetheart."
Slowly she backed out of his arms.
She wanted to say something else .
.
.
but there was nothing else to say.
Swallowing, she squeezed his hand and turned away.
As she walked into the garden, she was tempted to turn and look back.
But that would just heighten their pain.
With tears running down her cheeks, she quickened her steps.
Rick watched her disappear into the fog.
Closing his eyes, he forced himself to think about 1927.
He pictured Marie calling out for her mother, running into her arms, crying with joy at the reunion.
He imagined her going with her cousin Tom to a speakeasy, ordering a cocktail simply because it was forbidden, dancing the Charleston.
He pictured her putting on his t-shirt, holding his handkerchief to her nose, crying as she thought about him.
He thought about 1927 as long as he could and then remained there, frozen, his mind numb.
He hoped that he'd been wrong, that he hadn't opened the door to 1927, that any minute now she'd come back to him.
Finally he looked at his watch.
It was 11:25.
It had been 7:45 when they'd come into the garden.
She was gone.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Tears were streaming down Marie's cheeks when the fog began to lift.
She was in her own garden.
She ran to her house, tearing open the door and dashing upstairs.
She paused at her room long enough to toss her bag onto her bed and then dashed to her parents' room.
"Mother!
Father!"
She banged on the door.
The door opened, and her father stared at her in shock.
Her mother, however, jumped out of bed with a cry of joy and threw her arms around Marie.
"Marie!
You're all right!
I can't believe you're all right!"
Mr. Tranton at last recovered and wrapped his arms around both women, laying his cheek against his daughter's hair.
He'd thought he'd been in control of his world until Marie had disappeared.
He would have given that world to have her back.
Marie pulled back a bit when she heard her father sniff.
"Father, I've never seen you cry!"
she said, laughing with happiness and relief.
"I've never before lost you for five weeks and three days."
She turned to put her arms around him.
"I love you, Father."
"I love you too, darling.
Where have you been?"
Marie caught her breath.
In her misery over leaving Rick, she hadn't gotten around to thinking up a plausible story.
"I-I'd rather not talk about it."
"Not talk about it?"
Mrs. Tranton shot her husband a warning glance.
Marie had surely been through a very traumatic experience, and they shouldn't make her talk about it until she was ready.
"Why don't I have Louise make us some breakfast, and we can talk," Mrs. Tranton suggested.
"If you can take your hands off our daughter long enough."
Mrs. Tranton smiled.
She'd been caressing Marie's hair and shoulders and arms.
"You seem to be having a problem with that yourself."
He grunted, stroking Marie's cheek and then tilting her chin up.
"We have been out of our minds with fear.
We had no idea what had happened to you."
"I know.
Thinking about how worried you'd be was the worst thing about being gone."
"Are you all right?
Are you hurt anywhere?"
"I'm fine.
I-I was held against my will but-but in a very nice place.
He--they were good to me."
"Why were you kidnapped?
We never received a request for ransom."
"I don't know.
Um, Mother, could we have some cocoa?"
Mrs. Tranton hugged her daughter.
"You could ask us for the world right now, and we'd get it for you."
Marie laughed.
"Just cocoa, thanks."
They sat at the table drinking coffee and cocoa while they waited for Louise to serve them breakfast.
"What's the first thing you want to do now that you're home?"
Mrs. Tranton asked.
"I'm doing it."
"Drinking cocoa?"
Marie laughed.
"No.
Talking to my parents."
"Life has changed since you've been gone.
We've grabbed the phone the minute it rings.
Your father offered a $50,000 reward for your return.
We--" "Really, Father?"
He stared into his cup.
"Of course.
I raised it from $25,000 after the second week.
Small price to pay to have my daughter back.
Very small indeed."
She rose and went to lean over him and hug him.
"Thank you, Father."
He grunted.
"`Thank you' indeed.
You're my daughter."
"Were--" "Marie!"
She looked up in shock to see her brother in the kitchen entrance.
"John!"
He ran and grabbed her, twirling her around.
"Where did you come from?"
"It's a long story."
When he set her down, she pushed back to look up at him.
"What are you doing here?"
"Isn't this my home too?"
He grinned at her.
"It wasn't five weeks ago!"
He laughed, hugging her again.
"There's nothing like a tragedy to draw a family together."
He smiled at his parents.
"Are you serious?"
"Yes."
He stroked her hair as he gazed down at her.
"We were all out of our minds with terror and grief.
None of us could just sit still.
I kind of oversaw the private investigators that Father hired.
And we felt better being all together.
Somewhere along the way Father and I worked out our differences."
"That's wonderful!
I'm so glad."
She slid her arm around John and smiled at her parents.
"There's nothing that could make me happier than being with my whole family."
"We need to call Davis," Mrs. Tranton said.
Marie's face fell.
"That can wait.
I'd rather it be just the four of us for a while."
"Soon it'll be the six of us."
She frowned up at her brother.
"What do you mean?"
"We might just have to make it a double wedding."
Her mouth fell open.
"You're betrothed?"
"No, not yet.
Carolyn and I are very serious, but I just couldn't think about proposing to her while you were still missing.
But now .
.
.
well, Mother has told me she's ready to give me the ring the moment I ask."
Mrs. Tranton smiled.
"My son proposing with the family diamond and my daughter getting married in the family wedding gown.
A mother's dream."
Marie tried to smile, but the thought of that wedding gown, that symbol of tradition and family and home, upset her.
Yesterday it had made her long for home.
Now it made her long for Rick.
She wanted to wear it for him.
She certainly wasn't going to wear it for Davis.
After breakfast Mr. Tranton went to call his daughter’s betrothed.
Marie was in the living room with her mother and brother, and they jumped when they heard him begin shouting.
They'd had only enough time to look at each other in bewilderment when Mr. Tranton joined them.
"Young Runyon will be here within the hour."
Understanding dawned, and Marie said quietly, "He didn't want to come until after work, did he?"
"There's a big account and .
.
.
well, as I said, he'll be here within the hour."
To Marie's amazement, after her father had bathed, shaved, and dressed, he rejoined them in the living room with a cup of coffee.
"Aren't you going to the office, Father?"
"The day I get my daughter back?
Not likely."
John stood then.
"May I assume then that it's permissible for me to take the day off, Father?"
Marie stared at her brother.
"You've joined Father's company?"
"Yes.
He bought my small business, and I began in the middle.
Not at the bottom, because I do have a good deal of experience, but not at the top either.
I want to earn it."
"And you will, young man."
Marie knew that the stern look her father gave John was intended to mask the love and pride he felt.
Her own heart tightened with love.
She never would have dreamed that her disappearance would bring her family closer together.
John and Mrs. Tranton went to get dressed, doing so in record time.
The four were in the living room discussing a late August trip to Cape Cod when the doorbell rang.
Marie's hands shook as she set her teacup aside.
She rose just as Davis appeared in the living room.
"Darling!"
He crossed the room to draw her into his arms, kissing her cheek.
"What happened to you?"
"We're not discussing that right now, Davis," Mrs. Tranton said.
"We're just enjoying having her back."
"Of course."
Davis took her hand, and they sat on the sofa.
"How have you been, darling?"
Marie gaped at him.
How had she been?
That was all he could say to her when he hadn't seen her for the past five weeks?
"Fine, Davis.
I've been fine."
Freeing her hand, she moved away from him and retrieved her tea.
The warm family atmosphere was suddenly replaced by an awkwardness that was only relieved by a lively business discussion among the three men.
Marie caught her mother's glance, and the two ladies went to the kitchen to get some pastries and coffee.
"Don't worry, Marie--the two of you just need some time alone together to talk."
"No."
Marie shook her head.
"I'm not going to marry him."
"What?!"
"I don't love him, Mother.
I never did, really."
She turned to look at her mother earnestly.
"When you love someone, you should feel comfortable with him all the time.
You should be able to put your arms around him whenever you want without having to fear rejection or disapproval.
You should feel secure enough with him to know that no mistake you might make will make him stop loving you.
And if he loves you, he should want to spend as much time as he can with you.
He should cherish you, make you feel like you're everything to him, not just a part of his life with no more importance than any other part."
Tears were rolling down her cheeks, and her mother took her hands, examining her eyes anxiously.
"What happened to you, Marie?
Did you run off with a man?"
"No!
I would never run off and leave you wondering what had happened to me."
She hugged her mother.
"I love you, Mother.
And I need--" "Marie?
Davis is leaving."
John had come in search of them.
"Are you all right?"
"We're just having a mother/daughter talk," Mrs. Tranton said as Marie reached for a napkin.
"Tell Davis she'll be out in a minute."
Marie wiped her face.
"Well, I guess I have to go face him."
"Are you sure you want to end your betrothal, darling?"
"Absolutely."
They returned to the living room, and Marie walked Davis to the door.
"I have something to tell you."
"What?"
She removed the ring from her finger.
"I'm not going to marry you."
"What?!"
He gaped at her.
"I'm not going to marry you.
Over the past five weeks I've come to realize that we don't love each other."
"Don't be ridiculous.
Of course we love each other."
"No, we don't.
You love your job, and I love .
.
.
I was in love with a dream."
She held out the ring.
He ignored it.
"You're just confused because of what happened to you.
What did happen to you, by the way?"
"I came to my senses.
Take your ring, Davis."
"Listen, Marie, you don't know what you're saying.
We can push the date back a bit, get married in October instead of September."
"What part of `I don't want to marry you' do you not understand?"
She grinned, because he was obviously taken aback.
"Yes, I've changed.
It's over, Davis."
He was beginning to get worried.
With John and his father having reconciled, he had to marry Marie to solidify his position in the company.
"Just give us a chance to get reacquainted.
We'll have dinner--" "No.
I'm not marrying a man who makes me ill when he puts his tongue in my mouth.
Good-bye, Davis."
She stuffed the ring in his shirt pocket and marched off.
All three people in the living room stopped talking and looked up when she returned to the living room.
"Did you end your betrothal?"
Mr. Tranton asked, standing.
"Yes.
I'm sorry, Father.
I know that Davis--" "Don't be sorry.
I just want you to be happy, darling."
Marie was too stunned for a moment to move.
Finally she walked into her father's embrace, glancing at her mother, who simply smiled at her.
Apparently she'd prepared her father and brother well.
They decided to leave for Cape Cod two weeks from Friday.
Marie thought about the bathing suit Rick had bought her.
Her father would kill her if he ever saw her in such a thing, she mused with a smile.
"What are you smiling about?"
John asked her.
"Hmmm?
Oh, nothing.
When do you think you'll get married?"
"I don't know.
I'll leave that up to Carolyn after I propose.
Mother, I'd like to invite her over for dinner tonight if that's all right.
I'd like for her and Marie to get to know each other better."
"Why don't we wait until tomorrow?
I think we should give Marie a chance to rest and readjust."
"I'm fine."
"No, Mother's right.
Tomorrow will be better."
They ate lunch at 12:30, and Marie could tell that both men were feeling a little restless.
"Why don't you two go to the office for a few hours?"
she suggested.
"Nothing pressing there.
Why don't we go for a drive?"
"We can do that after dinner.
Really--I know you'd feel better if you checked in at the office.
Anyway, I should probably take a nap."
She smiled.
"Just try to come home early.
We need to make a shopping list so that Mother and I can buy what we need before we leave for the Cape."
They didn't need any more encouragement and headed for the office.
Marie smiled at her mother.
"That's the longest Father has ever stayed away from the office."
"This is the first time he's had a missing daughter return."
She hugged Marie.
"Go on up to your room and take a nap."
"No--let's go back to the living room."
"Aren't you tired?"
"A little.
I didn't get much sleep last night.
But I'd rather talk."
"All right."
Arm in arm they returned to the living room and sat on the sofa.
"Can you tell me anything about what happened, darling?
If you were hurt or starved?"
Marie sighed, wishing she could tell her mother everything.
But she'd think that Marie had been so traumatized that she'd lost her grip on reality.
"I wasn't hurt or starved.
In fact, I was treated very well."
She pressed her lips together.
"I accidentally ended up far away from home and couldn't get back.
I met someone who took care of me and tried to help me.
We finally found a way."
"This friend--he was a man?"
"Yes."
She looked her daughter in the eye.
"Did he treat you properly?"
"Yes.
Oh, Mother, I wish you could meet him.
He's the kindest, most thoughtful man I've ever known."
"Is he the reason you ended your betrothal?"
"In a way.
I didn't have a chance to tell you about the last time I was with Davis.
You and Father were out, and we came here to listen to the radio.
He kissed me, which was wonderful at first.
But then he started kissing me so hard that my teeth cut into my lips, and I tried to push him away, but he wouldn't stop.
And he put his hand under my skirt to touch my leg.
I was finally able to push him away, and all he said was to make sure that you told me what my duties would be once we were married."
Mrs. Tranton's eyes blazed.
"Your father is going to kill him.
Marie, no man should treat any woman that way, even his wife.
Kissing--" "I know.
And it's because of Rick that I know."
"Rick?
That's your friend's name?"
"Yes.
Mother, he's wonderful.
We were attracted to each other almost immediately, but the first two times he tried to kiss me, I pulled away.
And he let me.
He even apologized the first time.
And when I did let him kiss me, he said he'd rather die than ever hurt me."
Mrs. Tranton reached out to play with a lock of her daughter's hair.
"Is that why you think he's wonderful?"
"That's just part of it.
He spent every evening with me and all weekend.
He even came home from work earlier than he had been just to be with me.
And he took me--places."
She'd started to say to Hollywood, but her mother might start asking questions about exactly where she'd been and why she hadn't been able to get home.
"We-we went to the--we went shopping.
He bought me clothes and all kinds of interesting things.
And he held me, Mother."
She looked into her mother's eyes earnestly.
"Whenever I was frightened or sad, he held me.
It became so natural to move into his arms for consolation.
And I felt so comfortable with him.
I was more comfortable with him after five weeks than I would have been with Davis after five years of marriage."
Mrs. Tranton frowned a bit.
"Marie, are you .
.
.
are you still a virgin?"
"Yes.
But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
Her mother had enough to think about now.
She'd better wait a few days before telling her about how Rick's kisses had made her feel.
"I'm a virgin, Mother.
But I love Rick with all my heart."
Mrs. Tranton swallowed, twisting her hands.
"Will you be going back to him?"
Marie's eyes filled with tears.
"No.
I-I can't.
My choice was to stay with him and never come home again or come home and never see him again."
Mrs. Tranton couldn't suppress a sigh of relief as she hugged her daughter.
"I'm sorry you can't have both, darling.
But I'm so glad to have you home again."
Marie went to her room to change clothes and lie down.
What an emotion-packed day.
She'd been reunited with her family, learned that her father and brother had reconciled, broken up with Davis, and spent an entire weekday morning with her father.
She smiled as she reached into her closet for a housedress.
She would have sworn that her father was more like Davis than like Rick, but she was pleased to realize that he really was more like Rick.
He'd stayed home from work to be with her, and he'd held her.
And he hadn't been upset that she'd broken up with Davis.
He just wanted her to be happy.
That was what Rick wanted for her.
Tears tightened her throat as she remembered the anguish on his face when he'd told her that he was the key to the doorway to 1927.
He'd desperately wanted to keep her with him, to marry her, and he could have kept his discovery to himself and never told her he knew how to help her get home.
But he'd wanted what was best for her.
Hanging the housedress in the closet again, she stripped off her dress and extra set of underwear and put on Rick's t-shirt.
Curling up on the bed, she stroked one sleeve.
She wondered what Rick was doing right now.
Had he gone to work?
She suspected that he'd been too upset to work.
He'd probably sat in the garden until he'd known for sure she was gone.
He might even still be there, hoping she hadn't gone back, that she was lost somewhere in 2011 and would eventually call out to him to come find her.
Tears began to run down her cheeks.
She fell asleep and dreamed that she, her parents, her brother, and Rick were at Cape Cod.
When she awoke a couple of hours later, she felt feverish.
Frowning, she felt her forehead.
No .
.
.
When a breeze stirred the curtains, she realized that it was just the heat of a late July afternoon.
She'd become accustomed to air conditioning.
She needed to go bathe and put on some shorts and-- No, she didn't have shorts in 1927, she reminded herself.
Well, she'd have to put on her thinnest cotton dress.
She'd like to just keep Rick's t-shirt on.
No, she thought, stripping it off.
She didn't want to get her own perspiration on it.
She shouldn't wear it.
She should get a big doll or stuffed animal and put the shirt on it.
Then she could sleep with it in her arms.
The evening out with her family was wonderful, but when she awoke the next morning, it was with the same confused mixture of happiness and panic that she'd felt when she'd thought about leaving Rick and coming home.
Her breathing shallow, she sat up and tried to calm herself.
She and her mother were going shopping today, and it would be an exciting day.
She was certain to run into most of her friends while they were in the shops or at lunch, and they'd all make plans to get together.
Tom was coming over for dinner tonight.
She'd talk him into taking her to a speakeasy this weekend.
Everything was back to normal.
But that thought didn't erase the hollow spot in her heart.
Today would be the first day in more than five weeks that she wouldn't see Rick.
As much as she was looking forward to seeing Tom, that wasn't the same as knowing Rick would be home at 5:30, would kiss her and ask how her day had been, would hover around her as she made dinner.
She just needed to get used to her life again, she told herself as she got dressed.
She was where she belonged.
Her-her .
.
.
journey .
.
.
had been some sort of strange magic, some sort of accident.
She was lucky everything was back to normal.
"I believe your taste has changed, darling," Mrs. Tranton said as she watched Marie examine her latest selection in the mirror.
"Really?
Perhaps you're right."
She no longer cared for the stylish clothes that had appealed to her before.
What she had on now was a simple black dress very much like the one Rick had bought her.
"And I see that you've decided not to .
.
.
that is, you've chosen a more .
.
.
natural .
.
.
look."
Marie smiled.
She hadn't even thought about binding her chest again, a convention that her mother had never understood or liked.
She'd always thought she was too well endowed to look good in any of the clothes she liked, but now she couldn't imagine binding it.
Besides, she liked wearing the lacy bras she'd brought from 2011.
"Marie," her mother said quietly, taking her daughter's arm as they left the store, "does the young man you met have anything to do with your decision to stop binding your chest?"
"He just told me that that's not the style in--where he lives.
He bought me clothes, and they looked and fit better without the binding."
"Why didn't you bring any of those clothes with you?"
"They-they aren't in style here."
She thought of the shorts and jeans and white sundress Rick had bought her.
She definitely wouldn't have had any use for them here.
And of course, the bathing suit.
Marie grew warm as she remembered how Rick always stared at her whenever she wore her bathing suit.
He'd told her she was beautiful and sexy.
"Marie?"
"Hmmm?"
"I asked where you'd like to have lunch."
"Oh.
I don't care.
I'm not very hungry.
Just a hamburger would be fine."
"A hamburger?"
Marie forced her mind back to the present.
Or the past, depending on one's point of view.
She and her mother couldn't just pop into the nearest fast food restaurant.
There was no nearby fast food restaurant.
"I mean, tea and cucumber sandwiches would be fine."
At the tearoom her entrance was greeted with cries of disbelief and happiness.
Everyone was amazed that she looked perfectly healthy and whole, and they were polite and desperately curious when she said she didn't want to talk about what had happened.
She'd love to know what rumors were going to be flying about, but she knew none would be as fantastic as the truth.
Several friends invited her to parties and dinners planned for the weekend, but she declined all of them, saying that she wanted to spend some time with her family.
The truth was that she felt incapable of simply picking up where she'd left off.
She loved being with her family again, and she was having a wonderful time with her mother, but it felt as if something were missing.
And she knew Rick was that something.
As glad as she was to be home, she felt incomplete without him.
It was as if her whole morning had been a series of peaks and valleys.
She and her mother would exclaim over a dress that was perfect for her, and then she'd realize that she wouldn't be able to wear it for Rick.
She'd see an elegant necktie that would be perfect for Rick and then realize she could never give it to him.
She'd known she'd miss him, but she'd thought that the excitement of being home would lessen that feeling.
She was wrong.
"Where would you like to go now?"
her mother asked her when they'd finished their lunch.
"Home."
"Home?
We've only been to two shops."
"I'm a little tired.
I'd just like to go home."
She felt a little anxious as she walked into her house.
She wanted Rick to hold her, to caress her hair and kiss her temple and whisper that he loved her.
But she'd never have that again.
When she'd chosen to return home, she'd given him up forever.
She managed to hold herself together until she was in her room.
Then she burst into tears.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
"Would you like some more broccoli, Marie?"
Marie shook her head.
"No, thank you."
"She's too excited about seeing me again."
Tom grinned at his favorite cousin.
She smiled at him.
"So you're saying you've made me lose my appetite?"
"I wouldn't phrase it like that."
She loved seeing Tom again.
He'd obviously missed her as much as John had, and as he'd escorted her in to dinner, he'd whispered that he'd pick her up at 8:00 Saturday to take her to a speakeasy.
"Maybe you could join us at the Cape one weekend, Tom," Mrs. Tranton suggested.
"Oh?
Are you leaving soon?"
"In two weeks.
Marie and I are going to spend three weeks there, and Jefferson and John will drive out on the weekends.
You could come with them."
Marie had been looking forward to going to the Cape, but listening to her mother talk about it, she wasn't so sure she was up to going.
She needed the familiarity of home.
She went up to her room soon after Tom left.
She hadn't bought a stuffed animal for Rick's t-shirt, so she spread the shirt over a pillow.
After she'd changed into a nightgown, she clutched his handkerchief in her fist and sat down in the rocking chair by her bed.
She wished she'd gone to the library today--she'd like to have something to occupy her mind.
She-- There was a tap at her door.
"Marie?"
"Come in."
Her mother opened the door.
"Are you feeling all right?"
"Yes.
Just tired."
Mrs. Tranton sat down on the bed.
"You miss him, don't you?"
"More than I could have imagined."
She closed her eyes, trying to hold back her tears.
"So much that it hurts."
"What does he look like?"
Marie smiled, dabbing at her eyes with Rick's handkerchief.
"He's gorgeous.
He's very tall, and he has a broad chest and shoulders.
His hair is light brown, and his eyes are blue.
He's so gentle and sweet.
He never kissed me unless I wanted him to, and whenever we did kiss--"  She shivered, glancing at her mother and then away.
"Mother, when Father kisses you, do you feel it all over?"
Mrs. Tranton smiled.
"Sometimes."
She smoothed the bedspread.
"Did Davis make you feel that way?"
"Never.
Oh, I enjoyed his kisses, yes.
But Rick .
.
.
I completely lost myself in his kisses."
She caught her mother's look and smiled.
"Yes, I really am still a virgin.
But I'll admit--to you and to no one else, Mother--that that's just because Rick is a gentleman.
And because he always put what was best for me before what he wanted.
We would kiss and kiss and kiss, and then he'd stop and tell me we had to stop, or we'd end up making love.
And I was never the one to stop, Mother.
The more passionate the kisses became, the more I wanted.
I-I really didn't understand until my last evening with him that we couldn't just kiss forever, that eventually kisses wouldn't be enough.
If he hadn't stopped, we would have gone on and on and on until--"  She caught her breath, biting her lip and fixing her eyes on the handkerchief she was clenching.
Mrs. Tranton leaned forward, putting a hand on her daughter's knee.
"I understand."
Marie glanced up.
"I love him, Mother."
"Are you sure you’ll never see him again?"
Tears welled up in her eyes and spilled over.
"Positive.
I had to make a choice: stay with Rick and never come home again or come home and give him up forever."
"Oh, darling, I'm sorry."
She took Marie's hand and drew her from the chair to her side on the bed.
"I love you so much, and I would have been devastated if you'd never come home, but I'm sorry it cost you so much.
I'm sorry it's causing you so much pain."
They sat with their arms around each other for a long time.
Mrs. Tranton at last gave her daughter a final squeeze.
"Would you like to go downstairs for some tea or lemonade?"
"No, thank you.
I think I'll just go to bed."
Mrs. Tranton rose.
"Would you like me to put your handkerchief in the laundry?"
"No!"
Marie recoiled.
"This is Rick's.
Please don't ever let Hattie wash it or the shirt."
She nodded toward the t-shirt on the pillow.
Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her for a moment.
"I'm sorry, darling."
She kissed Marie's forehead and left.
Marie curled up next to Rick's t-shirt still clutching his handkerchief.
She felt so empty.
She didn't sleep well that night but woke up early nevertheless.
After bathing, she put on her emerald underwear and a simple white dress and went out into the garden.
It didn't look so different from Rick's, she decided.
They didn't have any white roses like he did, nor an electric fountain, but they had red roses and azaleas, just as he did.
She wished she'd brought back a picture of him.
But a picture wouldn't help much, she knew.
She wanted to be in his arms, kiss him, touch him.
She wanted to lie in his arms as she had their last night together.
She wanted to make love with him and fall asleep with him and wake up with him.
Sounds of breakfast preparations brought her out of her reverie, and she realized she'd been crying.
Wiping her eyes, she went inside.
She was sipping orange juice at the table when John came down for breakfast.
"Good morning," he said, bending to kiss her cheek.
"Good morning."
"I'm starved.
Louise, are there any hot rolls yet?"
he called into the kitchen.
Their cook hurried in with a basket of pastries, setting them in front of John, who was pouring himself a cup of coffee.
"Want one?"
he asked, pushing the basket toward Marie after helping himself to an apple danish.
"No thanks."
"Carolyn's coming to dinner tonight.”  She hadn’t been able to come the previous evening.
"Good.
I'm looking forward to seeing her again."
"Do you remember her brother Matthew?"
"Yes."
"I thought I might invite him as well."
"That's fine."
She was in the process of raising her glass to her lips when her eyes met his.
"No."
She set her glass down.
"I don't want to be paired with anyone."
"He loves going to the pictures, just like you do.
And he has a very good job with--" "I don't care, John.
I'm not interested in seeing anyone."
"I know you just broke up with Davis two days ago, but a family dinner--" "It has nothing to do with Davis.
I just-I just want to be with my family for a while."
The thought of being courted was revolting.
Rick had said that they'd both eventually settle for someone else and get married, but she had no intention of marrying anyone else.
She would never stop loving Rick.
After breakfast Marie felt restless and agreed to her mother's suggestion that they go shopping.
But they'd no sooner begun browsing through the first shop than she began feeling panicky.
She made herself look at dresses while her mother made her selections, but she wasn't paying attention.
"I'm going to buy this one," Mrs. Tranton said, holding up a navy blue dress.
"It's lovely."
"Haven't you found anything you like?"
"No."
"Well, maybe next door."
But once Mrs. Tranton had paid for her dress, Marie said, "Mother, do you mind if we go home?
I'm not feeling well."
"What's wrong, darling?"
"I-I just have a headache."
At home Mrs. Tranton handed Marie some aspirin and a glass of water and suggested she go to her room for a nap.
Marie went upstairs but didn't feel like lying down.
Instead, she sat on her bed with her back against the headboard and her arms wrapped around her knees.
Why did she feel so frightened?
This was almost how she'd felt when she'd wandered into 2011.
But then she'd been in a strange place; now she was home.
She should be ecstatic.
She'd tried for over five weeks to get home.
Tuesday she'd spent a delightful day with her family, the best of her adult life.
Her father had amazed her by showing her his love in a variety of ways.
He and her brother had reconciled.
She'd had several of the heart-to-heart talks with her mother that she'd longed for.
She should be happier than she had ever been in her life.
But she wasn't.
She was more miserable than she had ever been in her life.
All she could think about was Rick.
As hard as it was to admit, she missed him more than she'd missed her family.
When she'd walked into 2011, she'd been frightened out of her mind.
It had been so fantastic, so strange and sudden.
She’d needed to make everything right, to make her life .
.
.
normal .
.
.
again.
But if she'd met Rick here, fallen in love with him, and then had to-to go to China or somewhere with him and never seen her family again, would she have done it?
She hugged her knees, tears flowing down her cheeks.
She knew without a doubt now that she would have.
If she could have said good-bye to her family, let them know that she was safe and happy, she would have stayed with Rick.
She realized now that she hadn't clung to the hope of getting home because she loved and needed and wanted her family and home more than she loved and needed and wanted Rick; she'd clung to that hope because of the feeling that she'd been .
.
.
been .
.
.
kidnapped, because of the need to right a world that had without warning gone fantastically awry, because of the need to reassure her parents.
The change had been so abrupt and surreal.
But now she knew that she would have adapted.
She would have married Rick and had children with him and developed the sense of home that she'd missed.
Marie rocked on her bed, sobbing against her knees.
Why couldn't she have realized all this before she'd had the opportunity to return?
She was still in bed, awake but numb, when her mother tapped on her door the next morning.
"Marie?
Are you awake?"
"Yes.
Come in, Mother."
Mrs. Tranton went to sit on the edge of the bed.
"How are you feeling?"
"All right."
She sat up and pushed her hair out of her face.
"Your father and brother have already had breakfast.
Would you like me to bring you a tray?"
"No, thank you.
I'm not hungry."
Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her daughter for a moment.
"Are you sure you can't go .
.
.
go back to him?"
"Positive."
Mrs. Tranton plucked at the bedspread.
"Do you sometimes wish you'd .
.
.
you'd .
.
.
slept with him?"
Marie's eyes widened, but then she turned her face away.
"Yes."
Her mother nodded.
"When I was 17, I met a young man named Andrew.
I was staying with my aunt on Martha's Vineyard for the summer, and his family had a cottage not far from my aunt's.
He was a student at Harvard during the year, and he was planning to be a doctor.
We were inseparable from the moment we met.
We went out to dinner, went to parties, sometimes just sat quietly reading together.
But best of all, we would walk or sit on the beach for hours talking.
He was wonderful, and I loved him with all my heart."
She paused, smiling as she reached out to touch a lock of Marie's hair.
"Every time we kissed, I felt it all over."
Marie's eyes flew to her mother's.
"Why didn't you marry him?"
Mrs. Tranton's face sobered.
"He died.
He drowned trying to save his little cousin."
She drew in a deep breath.
"I believe in strong morals, but for a long time I wished that I had given myself to him.
I wished I'd had the memories of that to sustain me.
And I wished--"  She stopped, pressing her lips together.
Marie looked at her.
"You wished he'd gotten you with child."
Mrs. Tranton nodded, finally meeting her daughter's eyes again.
"It would have made life difficult, and it would have been a shame and an embarrassment to my family.
But I would have had a part of him.
And I would have loved that child with every fiber of my being."
She took Marie's hand, squeezing it.
"I don't know if it's any comfort, but I understand how much you're hurting."
Marie burst into tears, hugging her mother.
"I love him so much."
"I know."
After a few moments, Marie drew back to wipe her eyes.
"What about Father?"
"I met him two years after I lost Andrew.
Your father is a good man, Marie.
He doesn't have the passion or sweetness Andrew had, but I do love him.
And he gave me you and John, so I'd certainly never regret having married him."
"But you've never loved him like you did Andrew."
"There are different types of love."
"But you understand when I say that I don't want anyone else, that I could never love any other man the way I love Rick and that I don't want to settle for anything less."
"Yes, I understand.
But--" "No.
If I can't have Rick, I don't want anyone."
She cried against her mother's shoulder until her tears were exhausted.
Was Rick as miserable as she was, she wondered.
Was he sorry he'd made it possible for her to go home?
Was he wishing they'd made love?
Did he sit for hours just as she did, paralyzed with misery and loneliness, constantly thinking about her as she was constantly thinking about him?
"Why don't I get you some juice, darling?"
"No, thank you."
"I don't want you to get sick.
I'll go get you some juice and a roll, and then we'll go for a drive."
Marie watched her mother leave.
She’d drink the juice, but she didn't want to go out.
All she wanted to do was sit here and think about the man she'd given up.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
"Luuuucy!
You not goin' to play in the band tonight."
Rick watched without seeing and listened without hearing as Ricky and Lucy fought.
It had been Marie's favorite show.
She'd been gone four days.
He'd sat in the garden until nearly 9:00 Tuesday evening.
He'd slept hardly at all that night, but he dragged himself to work anyway, not wanting to spend all day alone in the house.
He'd gotten practically nothing done, and coming home at 8:30 had been torture.
He'd spent that evening and yesterday evening doing exactly what he was doing tonight: sitting in front of the TV, not seeing, not hearing, not moving.
How could she have become so much a part of him in only five weeks?
He'd been engaged to a woman who hadn't been as deeply imbedded in his heart and soul as Marie.
How could his life ever be complete again without her?
He wondered if she was feeling the same way.
Was she finding that home wasn't the same as it had been before she'd fallen in love with him?
Did she wonder how she could ever feel complete again?
But no--she was dead!
The agony of that realization pierced his numbed heart.
This was 2011; she'd gone back to 1927, been reunited with her family, probably gotten married and had children.
Now she was dead.
And she'd lived her life without him.
Tears ran down his cheeks.
The thought was too painful to bear.
Around 1:00 he dragged himself upstairs, even though he knew he'd be unable to sleep.
He took three Advil and lay down, throwing his arm over his eyes.
He dozed fitfully, finally coming wide awake just after 6:00.
He wished he could sleep.
Sleep would be an escape.
He couldn't bear the images that had come on the heels of his newest realization--images of Marie surrounded by children, making dinner for them, for a husband, kissing him, making love with him .
.
.
His breath caught on a sob of pain.
He sat up, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes.
He wished he could stop thinking.
He wished-- All at once he remembered the pages about Marie he'd copied from the book Teri had lent him.
They'd told about her life, her children--but that had been before she'd come here.
Then the pages had changed.
Now that she'd gone back to 1927, would the article have changed again?
Not back to the way it had originally been, because he knew she wouldn't have married Davis.
Would she?
She would have been lonely and vulnerable when she'd gone back.
Could Davis have won her back?
Although he knew it would be torture, he went to his desk and dug out the pages about her.
He scanned them for the information he wanted.
Born 1904, daughter of Jefferson Tranton, one brother .
.
.
The pages hadn't changed since the last time he'd read them.
There was no mention of her life after age 23.
He read the material more carefully, and then he reread it.
He was actually rather relieved that he didn't have to read about her husband and children, but it seemed odd that the pages hadn't changed when she'd gone back.
He snorted, shaking his head.
What was really odd was that the pages had changed to begin with, that the information about her marriage had disappeared when she'd walked into 2011.
And that, of course, had been the biggest oddity of all.
Still, she had come 84 years into the future, and the parts about her husband and children had disappeared.
He'd been sure that the pages had changed because her 84-year trip would affect the choices she was to make in 1927, so it made sense, now that she'd gone back to 1927, that those pages would change again to include the name of her husband or at least something about her adult life.
Shaking his head, he put the papers back.
He'd never know what had happened to her.
Maybe, eventually, not knowing-- Rick staggered, everything suddenly going black.
Gasping, he gripped the edge of the desk and then turned to jerk the drawer open again and grab the papers.
Nothing had changed.
Nothing had changed.
He threw the papers onto the desk and ran downstairs and out into the garden.
Forcing himself to calm down, he closed his eyes and began to think about 1927.
He imagined Marie in the dress she'd worn to and from 1927, imagined her in a speakeasy, imagined her listening to the radio in a room without a TV.
He had a hard time concentrating and remaining calm, but he continued to conjure up the images, trying to fill in details .
.
.
"Rick?
Rick?"
He opened his eyes and stopped breathing.
Marie emerged from the fog and started running toward him.
"Rick!"
She leapt into his arms, laughing and crying.
"Marie."
He buried his face in her hair, tears spilling into it.
She began covering his face with kisses.
"I was so afraid that I wouldn't be able to get back to you.
"How long have you been trying?"
"Just this morning.
Yesterday it occurred to me that if you were thinking about me the way I was thinking about you, you might open the door.
I told my parents good-bye last night, but I really didn't know if I'd ever be able to get back.
But here you were, thinking about me!"
"I haven't stopped thinking about you."
And when he'd read the pages about her and realized they hadn't changed, he'd wondered if maybe it was because she hadn’t stayed in 1927, had come back to 2011.
Or rather, would come back to 2011.
He tightened his arms around her.
"I love you, Marie."
"I love you too.
And I want to marry you.
How soon can we get married?
And where's my ring?"
He laughed, setting her back to look at her.
"We'll go inside and get it.
But you have to tell me what happened.
You wanted so badly to go home."
He gazed down into her eyes.
"You loved me, and you were completely torn apart, yet you wanted to go home so badly that you left me.
What happened?"
Tears shimmered in her eyes.
"I was miserable.
I mean, I was really happy to see my family, and we felt closer than ever.
They thought I'd been kidnapped at first, but when there was no ransom request, they were afraid I'd been murdered.
They were out of their minds.
When I walked back into our garden, I ran up to my parents' room.
I thought my mother’s screams were going to bring the police.
And then I spent the whole morning with them—it was wonderful.
But .
.
.
but .
.
."
Rick touched her trembling lips.
“But what?” "I was miserable without you, Rick.
I realized that if I could just-just finalize things, say good-bye to my family and let them know I was safe and happy, then I wanted to be with you.
I love my family and my home, but you're the man I want to spend the rest of my life with."
His eyes were glistening as he nuzzled her temple.
"Maybe you can visit.
Maybe--" "No.
I don't want to risk going back to visit and being unable to get back to you.
Mother understands.
She'll explain it to Father."
But she was sure her mother wouldn't tell him exactly why she understood.
Rick took her face between his hands, kissing her over and over.
"I love you so much," he murmured, claiming her mouth again.
Marie pulled away.
"How soon can we get married?"
she asked breathlessly.
He laughed.
"Will Monday morning be soon enough?"
"I don't know."
She didn't think she could resist his kisses for another second.
He smiled slightly, stroking her hair.
"Are you sad you won't be married in your mother's gown?” "I almost brought it back with me.
But it belongs in 1927 with my family.
My brother is getting married, and I think his fiancée should wear it.
But I'd like to buy a gown for our wedding.
I want to save it for our daughter."
Rick's breath caught.
"Our daughter."
He hugged her.
"Thank you.
Thank you for giving up everything to be with me.
I love you with all my heart, Marie, and I promise you that I'll make sure you never regret your decision."
Tears slid down Marie's cheeks.
She was finally home.

﻿THE CELESTIAL PALADIN (The Order of the Lion Book 1) By Gil Hough
Smashwords Edition Version 3.1 Expanded and revised version published in December 2014 by Gil Hough Originally published and Copyright 2011 under the title Celestial Justice by Gil Hough
Revised cover art by Ash Arceneaux 2014 Original Cover Art and graphics by Ginny Manning 2011
Discover more about the author at www.smashwords.com/profile/view/gilhough
Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Acknowledgments Writing has been a lifelong dream, and it has only been made possible due to the support of a lot of people, notably my amazing wife Kelly and our wonderful children Jonah, Steven and Autumn.
Both Kelly and Autumn played key roles in beta reading and editing.
I also need to recognize my editor Eddie Lunsford.
My parents, of course, should never be left out of acknowledgements of any of my accomplishments.
Table of Contents Chapter 1 - ENDINGS Chapter 2 - FROM THE ASHES Chapter 3 - THE RAVEN TOWER Chapter 4 - A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM Chapter 5 - A PLACE OF PRIDE Chapter 6 - LUNCH WITH THE ENEMY Chapter 7 - A TIME TO PREPARE Chapter 8 - THE TEST BEFORE THE TEST Chapter 9 - INTO THE FIRES Chapter 10 - THE OTHER KIND OF PAIN Chapter 11 - THE NATURE OF BONDS Chapter 12 - TO WALK AN OLD PATH Chapter 13 - A CHALLENGING PAST Chapter 14 - THE ORDER Chapter 15 - DARK SHADOWS Chapter 16 - TO RAISE A SWORD Epilogue - BEGININGS Resources About the author
CHAPTER 1 ENDINGS
“Move along, move along,” Rodregas said.
He prodded the prisoner up the roughly hewn stone steps none too gently with the butt end of the lit torch in his hand.
"We don’t have all night."
The rough handling of the prisoner seemed like a brash act for a man of sixty years, since the young man could have broken him in half with ease if he chose to do so.
He was powerfully built, and towered head and shoulders over Rodregas.
In fact the man looked rather like the hero from a bard's tale, with his square jaw and short black curls and fine dark eyes.
In contrast Rodregas sported a bulging paunch, scrawny legs and loose teeth which gave him fits when he chewed on anything harder than a half-baked wheat cake.
Rodregas' confidence in the prisoner's lack of retaliation came from the expression of dazed uncertainty on the man's face, a look he recognized on other prisoners whose world came crashing down around them without warning, whose lives changed forever in the blink of an eye.
It was hard to feel sorry for the young man; since he was the kind of fellow Rodregas had lost out to all his life.
Somewhere in the recesses of his soul, though, a glimmer of compassion flashed forth; if only because of what awaited the prisoner.
On the other hand, knowing what was to befall the female prisoner mounting the stairs behind him thrust Rodregas deeper into a foul mood.
Her long auburn hair fell in waves about her shoulders, and her startling green eyes were almost too large for her angular face.
Her skin was the golden hue of the High AElves, the most magically powerful of all the Ijosalfar people.
Although her auburn hair and her slim athletic build marked her as a half-breed, a woman such as she drew many an appreciative stare.
She was not beautiful in a way that Rodregas was used to, yet the odd combination of her features captivated Rodregas.
She was young and her innate abilities in the magical arts were thought to be immense.
At the moment the possibility that she would ever achieve such power diminished with each step nearer the tower roof.
Her eyes were alert, and she gazed around her for an opportunity to escape.
The gag on her mouth and the iron bands on her arms prevented her from calling on her magic to help her.
“Sergeant," said the other guard.
"If we don’t hurry them, we will feel the master's wrath when we get to the top.” Rodregas grunted in agreement, “I will double your ration of food tonight and it will be fresh if you move a little faster," he said to the prisoners.
With that hope dangling before them, both prisoners climbed faster up the stairs.
Rodregas thought the other guard was going to laugh out loud at his comment.
As a senior guard familiar with the impending ceremony, the fellow damned well knew that neither prisoner would be worrying about food within the hour.
Rodregas groaned to himself as the group picked up the pace on the tower steps.
Over the last few years, his right knee acted up whenever he mounted stairs.
That, of course, was just one of many complaints advanced years bestowed upon him.
How ironic that the young prisoners were on their way to die, when old useless men like him, and scumbag fellow guards, continued to live.
He suppressed a shiver of excitement at the notion that this time will be different.
This time, he would not just cry out to the gods about the injustice while innocent people burned.
He filled his lungs with stale air tainted with burning pitch and tried to sink into the mindless guard mentality that kept him functioning for the past decade and a half.
Once a man loses all hope of a decent life, it is astonishing what he will do to stay alive.
For the last twenty years his following orders and doing his duty, along with his better than average training for a guard, had served him well.
He had been safe from the bounty on his head and for the most part.
His life was more boring than anything else.
He approached the door to the tower roof with the prisoners.
Instead of formulating a plan of action his mind kept going back to the horror of last week's practice when his master, Ravenhurr, demanded a rehearsal of the ritual ceremony with the senior guards.
At the time he assumed they would merely walk through the procedure.
Ravenhurr, however, was the kind of man who demanded perfection.
He demanded it both in himself and from those around him.
That perfection required no less than an exact replication of the ceremony.
As usual, he acceded to his master's wishes and did as he was told.
He knew the value of following orders and it had kept him alive so far.
When he placed his hand on the tower door an involuntary shudder racked his body at the idea of following those orders one more time.
He looked over again at the AElven maiden.
To an exotic beauty like her a balding overweight man like himself would be invisible under normal circumstances.
Some of the other guards might be tempted to take what would not be given, but not him.
Like his mother always told him, a person did not have to own a beautiful sunset to enjoy watching it.
The door to the top of Raven Tower was large and deeply carved in intricate designs and runes.
Though as a youth Rodregas had trained in the basics of magic, a secret he was careful not to share, the magical runes were far beyond his understanding.
He led the prisoners through the door and walked out onto the top of the tower.
The circular roof was flat and open to the sky.
The only covering was the landing for the stairs in the East corner.
The cool night air refreshed his spirits somewhat.
Before the prisoners could look around, he shoved them to the right side and strode over to Ravenhurr, who was peering into the night sky through a long tube with tiny glass panes at each end.
Ravenhurr loved to boast that the tube brought the stars closer to him.
He was never one to hurry about anything, at least not before tonight.
At that moment, though, his lean body quivered with excitement.
“Master," Rodregas said, with a respectful bow, "The prisoners are ready.” Ravenhurr looked up.
His eyes passed over Rodregas to glance at the prisoners.
He nodded without a word and went back to peering through the tube.
Rodregas had never understood how the stars in the night sky could make the world closer or farther away from the Celestial Realm, where the Gods lived, or how that could affect magic, but he knew the placement of the stars was critical to the success of the ceremony tonight.
Ravenhurr was an attractive man, like most of the Immortalist Sorcerers.
After all, if you can pick your body, why would you ever choose an ugly one?
Rodregas looked over again at the man that he had brought up the stairs.
With the ability to select your body you would choose someone like that: attractive, talented and a natural athlete.
Rodregas stood to the side waiting for Ravenhurr’s signal.
Ravenhurr raised his head up from the tube again and scanned the rooftop making sure all the parts of the ceremony were in place.
Rodregas had always thought that it was only Ravenhurr’s eyes that gave away the fact that what was inside him was not as attractive as his exterior.
Ravenhurr’s eyes had an intensity about them, a habit of weighing everyone else and finding them wanting.
Rodregas felt that Ravenhurr saw in everyone else a lesser person whose best function was to be used by his betters.
Rodregas looked over the rooftop following Ravenhurr’s eyes.
Most of the open flat roof of the tower was covered in various circles.
The largest circle held all the others and was made of a glittering white sand-like substance.
Its diameter had been drawn as large as possible within the limitations of the roof’s edges.
On the inside were sigils, runes, and small candles set out every few feet.
Rodregas knew enough of magic to understand that the purpose of this circle was to keep out unwanted magical influences.
They could interfere with the spell casting inside the circle.
Also, the circle would hold in any magical forces inside which someone wanted to store or manipulate.
Inside the large circle were four smaller circles.
Rodregas’ eyes immediately went to the one on the north side made of blue sand, where inside sigils made of a yellow waxy substance laid a giant lion.
This was not a normal lion such as those found in the nearby forest, but a giant beast.
Ravenhurr had been lucky indeed.
He had been able to buy several Dire Cats from the Immortalist Guild dealer Taiga.
With magic, he caused them to go into heat.
It was known to be very difficult to affect Dire beasts with magic, and his success had shown his power and accomplishment as a mage.
Rodregas had regretted not being on duty when the Dire Cats were staked out on the roof.
Rodregas had heard from the other guards that the cats were in heat, and as Ravenhurr had hoped, a Celestial Lion had sensed their presence while the lion was out during the full moon with the Wilde Hunt, and the great lion had spent the last few nights doing his best to impregnate both of the female beasts.
The whole keep could hear the wild rutting going on.
Ravenhurr then had goats released on the roof and the Celestial Lion had gorged himself on them when he had finished rutting.
The well-satisfied beast lay limp, sleeping, confident in his celestial power, and oblivious to his surroundings.
He lied unbound, as required by the ceremony.
Rodregas assumed some subtle magic had been used to influence the beast to sleep in just the right spot.
The unlikely success of having an actual celestial animal as part of the ceremony had put Ravenhurr into an unusually good mood.
Using one of the Dire Cats in the ceremony would have been good, but an actual Celestial animal would provide much more power.
Rodregas’ hands clutched into a fist at his side as he could not help thinking that the last thing the world needed was for Ravenhurr, or any of the Immortalists, to acquire more power.
Rodregas knew there was almost no opposition to the Immortalist left, but futile as it would probably be Rodregas could no longer go along with their immoral acts.
Rodregas pulled his thoughts back to the roof.
He would only have one shot at this.
In a fair fight no mortal was a match for one of the Immortalists.
“Luckily,” thought Rodregas, “I have no intention of playing fair.” The two female Dire Cats that had been used to lure the Celestial Lion to the tower had fascinated Rodregas since Ravenhurr, at the expense of a very large part of his fortune, had been able to purchase them from the Immortalist Guild dealer Taiga.
When Rodregas looked into their eyes he had seen a greater understanding than that possessed by mere animals.
When they growled, it felt like the earth trembled.
When Rodregas had seen the Dire Cats in their cage he had not been able to imagine a more powerful lion.
The Celestial Lion was simply breathtaking; almost twice as large as the Dire Cats and even more powerfully built.
It was not simply size that set him apart however.
It was a way of moving, a grace that spoke of perfection.
To look at a Celestial Beast made Rodregas wish he could write poetry like some noble in one of the high western courts; it made him struggle for words that he simply did not have.
And what did this marvelous beast do?
Rutted, gorged, and fell asleep ready for the slaughter.
Rodregas could not help but shake his head at how life can show you miracles that made you want to live again, and that using the same miracle drives home the fact that there is truly no justice to existence.
His eyes jerked back to Ravenhurr, as the sorcerer made a jerking motion, rising up from his sky tube.
“Now,” he said and quickly repeated in his deep but smooth voice, “NOW!” Captain Poir, the leader of Ravenhurr’s guards, had stepped out of the shadows and approached the prisoners, but Rodregas stepped forward first and grabbed the half AElf maiden’s arm.
With a quick twist of the key he removed her iron shackles but grabbed her arm hard so she could not run.
“This way,” Rodregas said to her.
As he separated her from the male prisoner he whispered to her, “If you want to live, don’t do anything until your circle starts to burn, then I will throw the club at the other guard.
Run and make sure you get out of the circle.” She jerked towards him as he spoke and Rodregas was struck once again by the beauty of her amazing eyes, but he forced her forward hoping that she could think on her feet.
Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.
As Rodregas crossed into the main circle, the sense of power almost made him stumble.
He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.
Rodregas knew that if Ravenhurr had ever thought he had more than basic magic training he would long have been reassigned to a duty far from the ceremony.
The very air seemed to strum like a stringed instrument with the gathered magical power.
Rodregas could not help but think about how out of his depth he was trying to interfere with the ritual ceremony.
However, as he forced the beautiful woman forward, the woman whose name he had refused to learn, he knew he was indeed going to try.
“I will do it this time,” Rodregas thought to himself, “This time I will not choose my survival over others.” His life was not worth living if he did nothing again; he wanted to feel at least a small measure of being the man he had been raised to be.
“Celestial Gods, please let my life be worth something in death, if not in life,” he prayed quietly.
Captain Poir and Rodregas carefully put the two prisoners in the middle of their circles, and then stepped out.
They each picked up small wooden clubs.
Dale and Junnit stood across from the two of them holding matching clubs.
The ceremony required the prisoners to stay in each circle unbound.
The job of the guards was to remain outside the circle but make sure that the prisoners stayed inside.
Metal would interfere with the magic so the guards held simple wooden clubs and wore only linen clothes with no metal fastenings.
As Rodregas pushed the half AElf into her circle, making sure not to disturb the bluish sand covered in swirls of colorful small crystals, he was surprised at how vulnerable he felt without his armor but readied himself for the task at hand.
He quickly reached out to the woman and pulled off her gag, as even that would count as a binding and would interfere with the ritual.
He wanted to whisper to her as he removed it, and give her a hint of the desperate gambit that he was about to try, but he knew that it was not worth the risk of others overhearing.
Both of their lives depended on her doing what Rodregas had told her.
If he succeeded, she would know what Rodregas had done; if he failed, well he was familiar enough with that feeling.
He saw her lips forming something under her breath, probably a spell, but she did not have time to execute a spell of sufficient strength in the time left her.
Magic took too long to prepare to be useful so quickly.
Ravenhurr stepped into the last circle; the one made entirely of what appeared to be fresh blood and of symbols made from the careful placement of living organs.
Rodregas breathed in deeply, trying to settle himself, and almost gagged from the smells: the stench of fresh blood, the scent of fear from the prisoners, the smell of power, and other smells that he could not identify.
Rodregas closed down on himself, “Duty,” he thought.
“My real duty this time, focus on the next step.
I can do this.” As Rodregas raised the club, he kept his eyes away from the AElf maiden not wanting to give himself away to anyone watching.
“Gods,” Rodregas quietly prayed.
“You have never answered my prayers.
I have never had much to give you as an offering of wealth to your temples, nor have I done great deeds in your names, but if any of you hate these life-stealing Immortalists as I do, then let me know your favor.” Rodregas could not help but add a selfish plea to his desperate prayer, “If by your grace I live, then I promise you gods that I will make it my life’s duty to fight the Life Stealers.” Rodregas doubted his prayers would do any good, but if nothing else he was a practical man and when you are pushing the odds it never hurts to call in divine favor.
Rodregas knew things would start moving quickly now.
Ravenhurr had been preparing the circles for months, feeding them with unearthly energies.
Ravenhurr had not wanted the prisoners up on the tower roof until the last moment, lest their fear lead them to take desperate action.
Ravenhurr started to speak the final words of the spell, setting off months of careful preparations.
Rodregas knew that sorcerers use ancient languages so that others who might be watching cannot understand what they are saying and guess their intent beforehand.
During the practice walk-through the week before, Ravenhurr had spoken the same words that he started to utter now.
Ravenhurr’s deep, melodious voice rumbled out, “Spitualu seperatia orgirgia turia,” and the middle, pale green circle started to burn.
Rodregas could not pronounce the ancient version of the Eastern Common language Ravenhurr was using, but he thought that he understood the gist of the meaning.
Rodregas could not believe the man did not try to battle his way out.
The captain and Dale were both large men but it would have been very difficult to keep such a gifted athlete in the circle, even with clubs, if he was determined to escape.
However, he was young and clearly lacked battle experience.
He seemed unsure of what to do.
Then it was too late; the blue flames of the circle rose high, then inward, and engulfed him.
The young man started to split in two.
The physical man stood there, but as he watched, another ethereal version, the man’s spirit, his very non-corporal essence, was suddenly pulled from his body, and then whipped around and out of the burning circle.
Rodregas was not sure, but as this ethereal version of the man was pulled apart, Rodregas thought he could see him screaming.
Rodregas pulled his eyes away from the horrifying vision as the corporal man went from looking confused and unsure to having no expression at all, like an empty piece of meat.
Rodregas’s eyes flinched away from the terrible sight as he felt he might scream in horror and fury at what was happening.
Then Ravenhurr yelled out, “Spirea faira podia turiana,” and the circle holding the Celestial Lion started to burn in the same blue flames, the blue flames that make up the creation forces of life that can only be called up when the Celestial Realm was close.
Suddenly the sleeping lion looked up in surprise and started to growl and then he started to burn.
Rodregas had seen enough of lesser versions of the ritual to expect it, but to watch it was amazing.
The circle blazed with an intense heat that blasted his face and the magnificent creature inside blazed with blue creation fire.
It was a sudden and violent and primal process.
The lion started to stand up and then simply fell apart into blazing blue energy.
That energy surged out of the circle and swirled around inside the larger outer circle.
Every hair on Rodregas’ body stood at attention.
Then the blue flaming energy was sucked into the pale green circle.
There the prisoner, now empty of his own essence, stood still.
As the blue fire was sucked into his body, the corporal body suddenly seemed more solid than before.
Once more Ravenhurr yelled out in his melodious voice the trigger words for the next part of the ritual, “Mana faria podia ricoria.” It was now or never for Rodregas to strike.
Rodregas raised his arm up and threw his club forward with all his strength.
There was no time to see if his club hit Junnit or if the half AElfin maiden ran.
Rodregas half ran and half jumped to the next circle, where Ravenhurr stood with raised arms.
Ravenhurr was focused on his inner magic and was not prepared for his own guards’ sudden action.
Rodregas grabbed Ravenhurr’s arm and his belt, and using his weight and momentum against Ravenhurr, threw him bodily into the circle of colorful crystals where the half AElf maiden had stood moments ago.
Ravenhurr, in an amazing act of balance, almost caught himself.
He seemed to defy gravity as he hung in the air.
Rodregas tried to reach out to push Ravenhurr into the circle, but before his hand touched the sorcerer, Ravenhurr lost his balance and fell into the circle.
The moment that Ravenhurr crossed into the circle he started to burn.
His body twisted in pain as he burned the same blue fire of creation that he had called forth to rip apart a man’s soul and steal the physical essence of a Celestial Lion.
The flames that he had called forth to steal the AElfin maiden’s magical abilities now burned him.
The timing had been near impossible.
The spell calling forth the flames of creation could only burn one life.
But the timing was perfect; Ravenhurr called forth the fire, and then he was in it.
The flames consumed his body in seconds, and flaring from the circle went the multi-colored energy of his magic, the one element that the circle was designed to protect from the flames.
His magic power shot out of the circle and started orbiting the larger circle.
He was completely gone.
Rodregas excitedly thought, “Victory!” He had done it.
He had killed the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr.
The multi-colored energy of his magic swirled around the outer circle and was sucked into the empty vessel of the young man.
The magic energy throbbed and Rodregas could feel the ritual screaming for the final release of the magic; there was no way to save anyone else.
Rodregas would probably die in the next few seconds in the magical backlash of the failed spell, but he thought that he had understood the meaning of the final trigger words used in the rehearsal.
Rodregas’ years of rejecting his early upbringing made him embarrassed to say the words, but he reached down into that deep, nearly empty place where his little bit of power still sparked.
Rodregas reached deep inside and pulled that spark of power up until he felt the tingle and inner sensation that he always inelegantly called ‘my itch.’ Rodregas filled his words with the power and the intent behind them.
“My mind,” he said.
“My soul to be made one through the flame,” he whispered, and then the circle of blood and living organs started to burn and he burned.
He burned so deeply that no scream crossed his lips.
He felt every fiber of his being simply burn.
Rodregas tried to scream, but no sound could pass his lips.
CHAPTER 2 FROM THE ASHES
When Rodregas awoke he was confused about why he was lying on the floor.
As he opened his eyes he was also alarmed to see Captain Poir looking down at him with a confused and worried expression.
Captain Poir said, “Master Ravenhurr?” It was a question.
Rodregas wondered why his captain would think he was the Master.
And then suddenly it all rushed back to him, all the details of the final ceremony.
“Oh my gods he had burned!” Rodregas thought in alarm.
He quickly raised his hand to his eyes, but instead of his scarred, wrinkled hand that should have been seared by burns; there was a powerful smooth hand.
Rodregas reached up and touched his face.
“Dear Gods,” he thought in amazement, “the trigger words had worked.” He had done what he had learned to despise and hate most of all; he had switched into the body of an innocent man.
“I am an Immortalist,” thought Rodregas in dismay.
It had been his only shot at survival, and the young man had already been dead in all ways that mattered, but still it was an act of incredible repugnance to him.
He thought, “Once again I have done what I needed to survive.” As Rodregas lay on the floor he looked up at the stars and the looming figure of the captain.
He had to think quickly.
It was instant death for anyone to interfere with an Immortalist Ascension ceremony.
It was the most stringent rule enforced by the Guild of the Celestial Path, and therefore the most enforced rule in the Eastern Realm.
“Ah, thank you Captain, I am fine,” Rodregas said.
He instantly realized the captain would know that all was not well.
Rodregas felt exposed without his armor and said the first thing that came to mind.
“Please, if you can get me my clothes.”  Rodregas waved over to where the sorcerers robe was folded on a small table next to the stairway.
As he looked over, Rodregas saw that Junnit and Dale had re-bound the AElf maiden with iron and replaced her gag so that she could not use magic on them.
While they guarded her they also kept her at a distance as if she was somehow strange now.
To them she was supposed to have been consumed by the ritual, and they seemed a little put off to have the AElf maiden standing there.
Both were watching their prisoner but also throwing quick concerned looks over to where Rodregas now crouched on the tower roof.
Captain Poir looked hesitant but then nodded.
He walked over to the table and gathered up the robes.
“Damn, Rodregas thought” he had said “please.” Master Ravenhurr ordered something done; he did not say “please” to his guard captain.
As Rodregas stood, Captain Poir held the robe open and he clumsily put it on.
His movements were awkward in this new larger body.
His angle was wrong, Rodregas felt like he was standing on a crate.
“Should I order the birthday celebration milord?” asked the captain.
The coming celebration had been the talk of speculation for months as well as the object of more than a little betting among the guards.
Rodregas nodded, his thoughts swirling as he realized that he could use the celebration to his benefit.
Without looking at the captain he walked toward the stairway, and the captain followed close behind him.
At the door Rodregas took a deep breath and said, “Captain, that ceremony did not go smoothly, but the gods once again proved to favor me, and I wish to be generous with the birthday ceremony.
Tell the purser to pay everyone an extra month’s wages today and give everyone a week off to spend as they wish.
Make sure you tell Purser Stevents to be generous.
I want all staff rewarded, even the kitchen drudges.” He finished, hoping it did not sound as halting and made up as he knew it to be.
“Yes, sir,” replied Captain Poir, his expression going from a guarded concern to enthusiasm.
He seemed reassured when Rodregas mentioned Stevents.
He must have thought either Ravenhurr had been a bit damaged by the ritual or that the young man whose body he now inhabited might still be alive and faking it, obviously the young man would not know about Stevents.
It must not have occurred to him that his senior sergeant, who had burned in the end, might now inhabit the body.
The AElf maiden twisted her body against the guards and tried to meet Rodregas’ eyes and he realized that only she had the magical background to have realized what had happened.
“Just two things, sir,” said Captain Poir in a hesitant voice.
“Yes?” he asked trying to act calm and in control.
“We might lose some guards and probably some of the kitchen drudges if they have money in hand and a whole week off, also we leave ourselves open for theft if we don’t keep at least a minimum of guards at the front gate.” Rodregas relaxed at the mundane nature of the questions.
“True, but I will not stint in thanking the gods for a favorable ceremony.
Keep a few guards at the gate, but only the minimum needed.
But that does remind me.
Release any remaining prisoners and make sure they are fed and clothed, and allow them to make their way back to their homes.” “That has some danger to it,” said Captain Poir hurriedly, his expression returning to a look of concern.
“True,” he replied.
“But do as I command,” Rodregas stated in his firmest voice.
Captain Poir nodded and immediately said, “As you command, master.” Rodregas started to open the door to the stairway when another thought hit him, and he turned back to the captain, and said, “I need time to adjust.
Make sure that I am not disturbed in my quarters tonight, but tell Adapt Korin that before he leaves to celebrate, to come up to my room for some last minute instructions.” Captain Poir responded with his very military, “Yes sir.”  Rodregas had to admit while most of the guards were no better trained than a ruffian off the street the captain had served with The Immortal Guards and he was highly trained and disciplined.
Rodregas had always wondered what had brought a man of his obvious military background to serve Ravenhurr; thank goodness he clearly did not understand the simplest things about magic.
On the other hand, the AElf maiden clearly had some ideas.
He was glad she was gagged and not able to speak, and the guards knew better than to release a mage from her bindings until they had to.
As Rodregas made his way down to the next level, the personal level of Master Ravenhurr, he closed the door to his suite of rooms that covered the whole floor.
He listened as the other guards made their way down the tower.
He leaned against the wall and took a deep breath.
That had been close.
Rodregas was shocked he had gotten away with it, especially after he had commanded the release of the remaining prisoners.
He had been twice as generous as he thought Ravenhurr would have been, and Ravenhurr was too practical a man to release the prisoners as part of his celebration.
The only prisoners in the keep’s dungeon were beings that were held for potential use in the ceremony.
That meant they were of great power or talent.
The prisoners were too dangerous to release, after Ravenhurr had so pissed them off by their imprisonment.
But people did not question the order of the sorcerer and master of Raven Keep, so it should work.
He dared not stay longer than he had to; Rodregas did not believe that he could fool Ravenhurr’s guards and servants for long.
Ravenhurr was a powerful sorcerer who used magic quite casually; it would become quite obvious that Rodregas did not know how to use magic anywhere near Ravenhurr’s level.
As soon as the keep emptied out for the birthday celebration he would make his escape.
If he missed this opportunity he was not sure when he could try again.
It was very rare for an Immortalist to leave his tower, and if he were behaving oddly, the guild would send someone to check on him soon.
They were careful in their control of the kingdom.
For a while Rodregas just leaned against the cold stone wall.
Not thinking of anything, there was too much to think about to even start.
So instead of thinking he simply felt the cool stone wall and it slowly, truly, hit him.
He was alive.
For some time that simple awareness was enough.
He was alive, and in a stronger, younger body.
With the physical essence of the lion now part of his new body, and the magic of the sorcerer Ravenhurr, he would be an extremely talented person.
That everything had gone so well was simply a god-sent miracle.
He had rescued the maiden and killed the sorcerer.
Of course the man's soul and intellect had been destroyed and a lion from the realm of the gods itself had been destroyed.
It was far from a perfect victory, but Rodregas knew there were never perfect victories.
He had had more luck in the last half hour than in his entire downtrodden life.
Then, the next revelation hit him; maybe the Celestial Gods had answered his prayers.
He had promised the Gods that if he lived, it would become his sworn duty to take down the Immortalists.
Rodregas’ new heart seemed to stop for a moment at that thought and a chill ran down his body.
There were supposed to be well over a hundred Immortalists in the Eastern Realms, each one incredibly powerful.
What had happened today was pure luck and unlikely to be repeated.
Trying to tear apart the Immortalists and their powerful guild was a near impossible task.
Ravenhurr had been known as a powerful Immortalist, but nothing compared to Guild Master Oreintvenir or the Immortalist Guild Dealer Taiga.
They had been slowly rising in power for centuries on their path to true godhood.
Rumor was that the Guild Master (and maybe Taiga as well) was close to ascension to true godhood.
Only two Immortalists had ever succeeded in this task.
The first was the legendary Accerntorino.
He was said to have created the Immortalist Ascension ritual and to have been a genius without par.
The first guild master Accerntorino was also known for his ego.
Within two decades of his accession he challenged the All-Father Allód for control of the Celestial Pantheon of the Gods.
Accerntorino claimed he could better lead them to victory over the Daemon Lords of the Infernal Realm.
But Allód quickly and soundly defeated the upstart Accerntorino.
What still caused whispers almost 400 years later was his fate; the All-Father had destroyed him.
Everyone knew stories of various gods that had challenged Allód over the millennia.
The punishments he had dealt some were horrible and some simply funny or embarrassing.
A few times he had even driven Gods to join the fallen Daemon Lords in the Infernal Realm.
But the All-Father did not kill any of these other challengers.
It was his duty to support the Pantheon, even when they betrayed him.
Yet his reaction to this newly created god, this incredibly powerful, magic-wielding new immortal, was to simply kill him; and that was the end of it.
Centuries later, when the next Guild Master had ascended to the Celestial plane, she kept her ego in sharp check.
The Sorceress Goddess Blodeuwedd was known for how helpful she was to the rest of the Pantheon, especially Allód.
Rodregas had always assumed that this had been the point of killing Accerntorino; if mortals where going to become Celestial they would do so on the Celestials terms.
He raised his hand up again and touched his face, feeling its strong, smooth, square jaw.
The teeth were not the sore, crooked teeth that he had had to be so careful to chew with this morning.
They were now strong and straight.
His balding head was now covered in thick long curls, too beautiful for a man in his opinion.
Rodregas would cut the hair short when he had a chance.
Ravenhurr had looked for the most perfect physical specimen that he could find and Rodregas was now him.
Over the years Ravenhurr had “collected” many very gifted young men.
These men had won athletic contests and were known for their incredible physical gifts, good looks and sharp wits.
Ravenhurr tested them for strength, reflexes and dexterity.
Those that succeeded were further tested for the sharpness of their senses, their intelligence and ability to learn new languages.
The winner of these tests was rewarded with having his soul and mind ripped out and made into a piece of meat to be filled with the mind, personality, and the very soul of Ravenhurr himself.
However, this time, instead of Ravenhurr, his old guard sergeant had ended up as a new powerful Immortalist.
As the cold of the stone chilled his back Rodregas thought about his promise to the Celestial Gods that if he were able to kill Ravenhurr and live, then his new duty would be to fight the Immortalists.
When all and everyone else had failed him over the years, only his duty had kept Rodregas alive.
He no longer knew what to do without it.
His back straightened and he pulled away from the wall that he had slumped against.
Rodregas lived instead of the man whose body he now lived in.
He had seen the tragedy of gifted person after gifted person be torn asunder by the Immortalists.
He hated the Immortalists for their casual destruction and use of people.
Could he now live in one of these stolen bodies, unless he had a reason?
The Immortalists and their Guild were evil and needed to be opposed.
The gods had given him a new duty.
He stepped away from the wall.
It was time to get to work.
CHAPTER 3 THE RAVEN TOWER
Rodregas stepped into the master’s bedroom for the first time in his twenty years of service in Raven Tower.
He was unarmed; unarmored and needed to get as far away from Raven Keep as he could before someone noticed that he was not a sorcerer.
He had spent too much time on the road without money, and he was not going to repeat the experience if he could help it.
He needed money.
Money would buy him what he needed to start his new life.
Unfortunately, Ravenhurr had not been interested in material wealth, and what money he did have, he tended to spend on materials needed for his magical ceremonies; still there should be something that he could use.
The bedroom was not large but this floor also held Ravenhurr’s study and a water closet.
The far wall held a four-poster bed covered by a richly colored duvet.
To the left of the bed was the door to the water closet and to the left of that a wardrobe.
Along the connecting wall the fireplace calmly burned.
To the right of the fireplace was a dresser with a small mirror and at the foot of the bed was an ornamental trunk that matched the wardrobe.
On first glance there was nothing of much value except for perhaps the candleholder on the dresser.
It looked like silver, inset with semi-precious stones.
First, he went to the dresser and started dumping clothes on the ground.
He was hoping to find some hidden wealth, stashed in the drawers.
He ended up with a pile of clothes.
Some were fancy, but none would be of much use on the road and none were worth selling.
Next, Rodregas went to the wardrobe, which was engraved with the shape of trees and made of a sweet smelling wood.
It was much more likely to hold something of value.
He opened the doors to see brightly colored robes, and there on the left was a suit of chain mail.
Rodregas could feel his smile.
Armor!
He reached in and pulled it out.
The chain mail was light and seemed to flow around his fingers; the links seemed to be made of silver and he recognized it as Mithril.
Ravenhurr had a suit of Mithril chain; he could feel his heart start to beat in excitement.
Mithril, a rare magical metal that was stronger than steel but much less heavy and made one of the best light armors.
AElves, who are not physically as strong as other people, loved the metal.
Rodregas held it up to himself and then, as excited as he had become, his heart sank as he realized that the suit was both too short and much too slim for him to wear.
While there were straps to adjust it, his new body was very large and he would never wear the beautiful armor.
He threw the armor on the bed.
It might not work for him to wear, but he could get a good amount of money selling such fancy armor.
It was the first item of real worth that he had found.
On a shelf above it was another small pile of the silver chain.
When he pulled it up he saw that it was a helmet, a solid Mithril skullcap with sides of chain mail designed to be connected at the bottom.
He reached up and pulled it on his head, but even his head was too large for the AElfin style Mithril armor.
It quickly joined the suit of armor and the candleholder on the bed.
On the bottom shelf he found a nice pair of boots, not of AElven make.
Attached were matching grieves, armor designed to protect the lower leg., and a pair of armored gauntlets to compete the set.
All ended up on the bed.
Nothing else of interest was in the wardrobe.
Though the two fanciest robes both heavily embroidered and of Western Silk, also went to the bed.
Next, he went to the trunk which was made of High Cedar wood and which matched the large wardrobe, but was much more portable.
Unfortunately, the only items of use in it were several blankets of good quality wool.
The remaining contents consisted of drawings, pictures and other personal items.
Rodregas dumped the trunk contents on the floor, sandwiched the armor in the blankets and loaded up the trunk.
How he was going to cart the trunk out of the tower he did not yet know.
He went to the door and listened; it seemed to be getting quieter.
It was the middle of the night and the stir from the ceremony seemed to have subsided, but it was only hours until dawn when everyone would be heading out to celebrate the new ‘birth’ of Ravenhurr.
Not a true celebration for most; as their lord and master, ‘he’ was more feared than loved.
Rodregas locked the door to prevent a surprise.
He should have done that before; it was sloppy of him not to take such a simple precaution.
Asking Captain Poir to send up Adapt Korin had been totally unplanned.
He had been dreaming of killing Korin for all the 18 years that he had served in the tower.
The Sorcerer Ravenhurr had been an immoral monster that used those around him for his own selfish desires.
But Adapt Korin was of a more casual evil; he never passed up the opportunity to hurt those around him, physically or emotionally.
Ravenhurr had existed in the same body for the full eighteen years of Rodregas’ service, and was hundreds of years old.
In all his years serving in the tower Ravenhurr had only tried to hold the ceremony three times, each time abandoning the attempt due to the lack of a celestial animal.
A celestial animal was extremely rare, but required as part of the ceremony for Ravenhurr’s next step up in power.
In contrast, his assistant, the Adapt Korin, had been going though bodies constantly.
Worse, he seemed to take great delight in letting people know what fate awaited them.
Rape and torture of the victims were common occurrences with Korin.
And Rodregas had dreamed of killing him almost from the start.
Rodregas had hated Ravenhurr and knew that his Master could have stopped his assistant’s actions with a word.
Ravenhurr had been simply too powerful for Rodregas to dream of destroying.
He was stronger, faster, and smarter than him to the point where even dreams of fighting him had never crossed his mind until this past week.
However, his assistant Korin had only been an Immortalist for a few decades; his victims and his power were still purely mortal.
Rodregas had known that in a fair fight he could kill him.
Korin was no warrior, and his actions spoke of cowardice when Korin hurt those who had no chance in a fight against him.
Rodregas had been trying to get him alone, where he could kill him without blame, for years.
Rodregas went over and reached down to grab the bottom of the heavily made bed, and almost fell over when the bed lifted far more easily than expected.
The sound of wood screeched as weight switched to the back legs of the bed and then moved at his awkward action, and the top of the columns smashed against the plaster ceiling.
Rodregas carefully lowered the bed back down; as the bed settled back to the floor he was covered by a light dusting of plaster from the damaged ceiling.
Was Rodregas really that strong?
Or was the bed just lighter than it looked?
He went back over to the trunk and lifted it up; it to went up too easily and felt strangely light.
Next he went over the dresser.
Rodregas had known that the physical essence of the celestial lion was in his body and that all of his physical attributes would be improved, but the strength of the Immortalist was not common knowledge; you just heard that they were long lived and never got sick.
They used magic against their foes not swords, and they seldom got involved in physical struggles.
Of course Rodregas had known that in The Immortal Guard of the Guild the most loyal and powerful of their officers were given enhanced bodies, but he thought their power lay in their magical sigils.
His new body was very large and very muscular, and much stronger than he would have guessed.
Rodregas lifted his right arm and curled it into a tight muscle.
He felt the biceps with his free hand.
The texture under the skin felt like bundles of large, powerful cables.
He felt his face break into a smile; he had seen this face smile when it had been a prisoner.
The smile the prisoner had worn was a very open charming smile.
The smile he felt on his face now had little resemblance to the one he remembered seeing, though without looking in the mirror he had no way of knowing for sure.
“Come on up, Korin.
I have a surprise for you,” Rodregas whispered under his breath.
He went around the room one final time poking around for anything else of note and, finding nothing, went over to the door to the water closet.
Inside he first tested out the plumbing, finding the experience both new and familiar.
He also had a chance to examine his own plumbing, and was pleased with the results; his new body was large and powerfully built even in places that most people would not see.
The only thing of use in the water closet was a shaving kit which Rodregas added to the trunk.
Next he went to the study door only to find it locked.
He looked for a key but there was nothing.
He guessed that it was locked by magic and required a magic word or incantation to open the lock.
He pushed and pulled on the door, but it was solidly made and there was nothing to get a good hold of to test his new strength.
He looked around for something to use as a pry bar; next to the fireplace was a poker.
He grabbed it and forced it into the crack were a normal door would have its catch.
He got it wedged in good but then stopped and went over to the outside door and opening it, listened for anyone nearby before going back inside the room.
He carefully closed the door behind him; the sound of him breaking down the study door would ring loud in the predawn silence, but his need for money was too great.
What he had found would be worth some good coin but finding a trader that would give him its worth would take time.
He needed to find silver and gold.
Rodregas muffled the door with a blanket the best he could and then with a violent shove and twist of the fireplace poker, shattered open the study door.
He held his breath.
Everything was silent.
He listened but heard no signs of approaching guards.
They had probably heard something but none would question the master, or at least the person they thought was the master.
He pulled his way in through the shattered remainder of the door; in the middle of the room was a large round table with several books and papers spread out on it.
Next to the open windows was a very nice desk with a very comfortable looking chair; next to the fireplace were several larger overstuffed and even more comfortable looking chairs.
There were not as many books as Rodregas had thought there would be; only one wall was covered in shelves and miscellaneous piles of scrolls and other items.
Next to the desk there was a fancy set of shelves with glass covers to protect them.
He went over to the glass enclosed shelves; the books looked richly made but old.
Books of sorcery would sell very well indeed.
The glass covers were locked, so again he muffled the sound with the blanket and forced the cabinet doors open.
With each cabinet door the glass broke.
He tried to open the cabinet doors without breaking the glass.
But, whatever magic locks were in force were just too secure.
So, he had to use brute strength to shatter the doors one by one.
Several of the books fell during his struggles with the cabinet.
Rodregas reached down and grabbed a couple of them, and then dropped them right back to the ground in shock as evil licked his hand.
He shook the feeling off his hand and went back to the water closet and washed it in the water basin.
Of course he knew there was nothing physically on his hand, but he also knew that water was a natural purifier and disrupted many magical influences.
What he had felt was simply disgusting.
Why would a book, no matter what its contents, have such a feel to it?
He walked back to the book and got down on the ground.
Without actually touching it, Rodregas slowly ran his fingertips along the binder of the book.
While the feeling was not as strong as when he had held it, clearly the feeling of what could only be described as evil emanated from the book.
Was this feeling truly coming from the book or was this some new ability of his new body to sense the nature of the book’s contents?
Rodregas got up and walked over to the bookshelf.
He closed his eyes and, trying not to touch, lightly ran his hands close to the row of books.
Quickly he realized that with some books he felt nothing.
Other books seemed to buzz with energy but gave off no bad feelings.
Still others had a bad odor of decay or foulness that made him want to cover his nose and pull away.
In truth there was no smell, but simply a feeling.
Rodregas made a quick decision to trust this new ability and to take action.
He had the impression that these foul books were of the most evil soul-stealing magic of the Immortalists.
He opened up the fireplace and started to chuck all the evil books into the fire with the poker.
The ones from which magic radiated he placed into the trunk; true books of magic would sell nicely.
The process of sorting the books and then getting them to burn took several hours and he started to feel how long it had been since his new body had slept.
The sound of the tower was changing, the first sounds of the kitchen crew getting ready for the morning.
Still he kept at it, though there seemed to be nothing else of wealth in the room.
He was determined to see the evil books burn.
They held the secrets to the Immortalist art and other dark magic.
Leaving them would only lead to another person rising in Ravenhurr’s place.
Several of the foulest books seemed to refuse to burn but the flames eventually consumed all, just as they had consumed Ravenhurr.
Finally, the last of the dark books of magic were burned, and the few remaining books that felt of magic but lacked the evil stench of the others were packed in the trunk.
Only six volumes had been free of the stench, while over forty were burned.
The sun was now streaming into the room and he was feeling the lack of sleep.
He decided that it would take a while for the keep to empty out as everyone went into town to ‘celebrate’ Ravenhurr’s new birthday, and he stretched out on the big four-poster bed.
He had thought that he would struggle to sleep, but instead immediately found deep sleep.
In what felt like only a few minutes later, he struggled from deep within his dreams to the sound of a polite knock on the door.
He looked around for a second, confused by his surroundings until memories returned.
The sunlight through the windows was now indirect so he guessed it to be mid or even late afternoon.
Again came the polite knock; no one would dare such persistence without direct orders from Ravenhurr.
It had to be Adapt Korin.
He nearly leaped off the bed and looked for a sword but of course there was none.
He stepped in front of the bedroom door as he quickly did his best to close the broken study door.
He quietly unlocked it and stepped back and said simply, “Enter,” and waited for the Adapt to come inside.
Korin came into the room with a relaxed step that showed him to be much more comfortable than Rodregas was.
Korin was a good looking man.
It was always weird with him.
He changed bodies so often that you always felt like you were meeting someone new, but it was not long before you realized that it was Korin.
He wore a slim male body that was well-built, not much over 20 years old, with blue eyes and blond hair.
Rodregas was not sure what to say to him so he stood there simply looking.
He was the Master and it would not be surprising for Ravenhurr to keep him waiting for a few minutes.
Korin waited patiently, seemingly at ease with what Rodregas would assume to be strange behavior by Master Ravenhurr.
“Are you ready to leave and celebrate my new birth?”  Rodregas asked him.
Adept Korin nodded politely and said, “Yes, Master, the gods favor your desire to imitate their celestial glory.” Rodregas nodded back in acknowledgement and said, “And have you found any new bodies who you would like to… take?” That question seemed to surprise him, but Korin smiled and said, “No, Master.
I have been too busy working on my studies.” Korin now looked at him with a surprised expression and an eyebrow slightly raised.
Rodregas wondered if he had said something wrong.
While he had seen the two interact for some years, he really did not know what was appropriate for him to say in such a circumstance.
Rodregas knew that he did not have the skills for pretending he was a powerful Immortalist sorcerer, so he said, “How many people have you killed during the past year Korin?
And how many others have you raped or tortured?” he asked, trying to keep a calm voice.
Now Korin looked very surprised and he started looking around.
Rodregas saw that Korin noticed the study door, though he was working hard to not show it.
“How many?” Rodregas repeated his question.
“I am not sure,” Korin said.
“For us to truly become divine we must of course develop our skills.” As Korin answered the question he took a step back.
Rodregas quickly stepped forward and pushed him hard against the wall.
Korin hit with a hard smack and slid to the ground, hurt, but not badly.
Rodregas slammed the door closed and relocked it.
Then he quickly reached down and covered Korin’s mouth, pulled him up, and slipped behind him.
Rodregas saw Korin’s bulging eyes as he tried to get a better look at his captor.
Korin struggled but not as if his life depended on it.
He was probably confused.
The image of the day that Rodregas had started to hate him came back.
A family of AElves had been taken prisoner; they were just common AElves with no real magic.
Korin was interested in the father, a good-looking man.
The wife was equally beautiful and they had a slim child named Jorin.
Rodregas had taken Jorin under his wing.
He had only been working at Raven Keep for a little over a year at the time and was still learning the names of the prisoners.
Rodregas had thought that Jorin was a good lad, well behaved and bright, and his eyes were eager for signs of hope.
Rodregas brought him extra food and words of reassurance.
Ravenhurr had no need for him nor his mother, and he had seen other prisoners who were not of use set free.
Rodregas had thought that Jorin would also be set free.
Two months went by and Rodregas had developed a strong fondness for the boy; a few of the guards made jokes that Rodregas had a new pet.
Rodregas was used to the rough humor of soldiers and let such jokes roll off.
The night came when the father was taken for the ceremony.
Rodregas was on guard duty when Korin came down in his new body.
The poor lad had stared at the man who had been his father, saying nothing, but tears ran down his cheeks.
The apprentice Immortalist had then proceeded to rape the mother.
The Adapt was rough and the act was violent and Korin, in his new body, clearly enjoyed the violence more than the sex.
After he had finished with the mother, he had the guards release the boy who had run over to his sobbing bleeding mother.
In a fatherly gesture Korin had kissed the boy on the cheek and, wrapping his hands around the boy’s head in a slow loving gesture, made a quick yank and broke Join’s neck.
The next day the guards released the young AElfin widow.
Rodregas had helped drag her beyond the gates.
She lay there not moving, limp though alive; she was dead in every way that mattered.
Rodregas went back into the keep without looking back; he never knew what had happened to her after that.
After dreaming every night about killing him, Rodregas now had Korin in his grip.
It was time to end Korin’s vile pestilence on the world.
Rodregas got behind him with his right hand covering his mouth, and with his left took a firm grip on the top of his head.
Rodregas leaned over to his ear and whispered “You probably don’t remember, but you killed a boy named Jorin by snapping his neck, and payback is a bitch.” Snapping a grown man’s neck is quite hard.
Rodregas had never done it; he had learned that there were better ways to kill a man than trying to break his spine with bare hands.
But with the memory of Korin breaking Jorin’s neck, adrenaline pounded in his new arms.
This was justice long overdue.
With a quick movement of his arms and the haunting memory of the sounds of crunching and popping from all those years ago, he twisted Korin’s head nearly all the way around.
Rodregas held his body as it spasmed wildly for a moment.
Then the Adapt went still and limp; and Rodregas dropped him to the floor.
Korin’s’ body hit the floor and started to empty itself.
“Gods,” he thought and asked out loud to no one, “What did he eat this morning?” He grabbed the body and dragged it into the water closet and dropped it into the small bronze tub.
Rodregas started to leave and then saw Korin’s purse; the Adapt was dressed for travel and Rodregas had yet to find even a single coin in the Master’s chambers.
He reached down and took the purse off his belt.
Rodregas opened it to find only a few silvers.
He knew Korin should have more.
He opened his shirt and, as he suspected, another purse hung from his neck.
It was of flat leather and inside it were twelve pieces of silver and a small book.
Rodregas tentatively touched the book and it buzzed slightly of magic.
It held no foulness so he tossed it into the trunk.
He added the coin purses to the robe he was wearing.
He still needed more hard money and some decent clothes.
Rodregas looked out the window to see a few people leaving the keep grounds, and a few still hanging around the yard.
He knew he could not leave without everyone seeing him.
He searched the rest of the study in the daylight.
He found nothing of real use until he pulled a drawer completely out of the desk and found a false back to the drawer.
He found it was holding a purple silk purse containing eight pieces of gold and two of silver.
Now he had the money he needed to be on the run.
After forcing himself to wait until the last visible person left the main gate, Rodregas grabbed the trunk and went to the stairs.
He listened quietly, and hearing nothing, he set the trunk down and quietly walked down the stairs.
The next floor housed the laboratory.
The door was locked and he did not want to break it down until he was sure everyone had left.
The next floor down was the main floor; He stepped out to the main hall and listened.
He heard nothing but his stomach rumble; he was very hungry and knew that he should eat.
He was already in the main hall; the room to the right was the kitchen.
He stepped into the kitchen but then came to a sudden stop.
Standing next to one of the sinks was a very old, very dirty kitchen drudge slowly peeling a potato.
She looked up at him in surprise, and with a hint of fear.
Rodregas raised his hand up in a peaceful motion.
She probably had nowhere else to go.
He ignored her and went to the cabinets and the cold box.
He got out cheese and bread, found some fruit and had a good simple meal.
He would need to pack as much food as possible for his journey.
The old kitchen drudge was still peeling the same potato when he left the kitchen.
Freshly fed and feeling better for it, Rodregas went across the main hall and entered the door opposite the kitchen into the barracks section of the keep.
The place was about as messy as he had ever seen it; the normal tidiness demanded by Captain Poir had apparently been put aside in excitement over the chance to take some time off for the celebration.
His personal bunk and trunk were a mess.
His good blanket was missing, as was his spare pair of boots and most of his other belongings.
Clearly, the rest of the guards had thought him dead and made free with his stuff.
Rodregas reached into the trunk but all that was left in there were a few bits of trash, a few candle stubs, some scraps of paper and a bit of cloth.
He reached down and picked up the small piece of cloth and held it up.
He stared for some time at the design sewn into it, and then stuck it into his outer purse.
He had a strong urge to clean up his bunk and leave the area in the order it deserved, but that would be too big of a hint of what had happened.
So, he was careful to leave it as it was; the longer they thought he was Ravenhurr the better.
He then walked past the rest of the wooden cots of the barracks to the back where the captain’s room was.
The captain’s room, unlike the outer barracks, was spotless and in perfect order.
He searched through the captain’s pair of trunks and found some clothes that fit him, though tightly.
The captain had been a big man but not as large as Rodregas now was.
Still the soft linen shirt of light brown, which he knew had been loose on the captain, was much more comfortable than the wizard robe he had been wearing.
Unfortunately none of the pants would fit.
Poir, though a large man, had skinny legs.
Rodregas felt ridiculous wearing only a linen shirt and his coin purses as he stepped to the armory door.
The door was built of massive slabs of iron oak.
Rodregas reached up and pulled the emergency key from the crack at the right of the door.
Due to his status as a senior sergeant, he knew where the key was kept.
Once the door was open, he stepped inside.
Immediately, his eyes went to a long side bench where several new pieces of armor were piled up.
These would be some of the more recent pieces not yet sorted or sold off for not being of use to the guard.
Captain Poir had a tendency to leave some of the better equipment there for long periods, just in case they might prove useful at a later date.
Most of the armor was average civilian crap, but he quickly found several large pieces of leather scale armor that were his size.
From the good fit he surmised that it had been the property of the original owner of his new body.
The armor was braided leather with steel scales attached; he quickly tried it on and found it to be a perfect fit.
It was probably custom made and was solid, if unspectacular, quality armor.
The braided, lacquered leather reinforced with the steel scales provided decent protection for most fights.
This style of armor was vulnerable to a highly skilled swordsman.
But for someone wanting some protection from the dangers of the road, it was better than most civilian armor.
There were matching pants and even boots.
He quickly dressed and felt much better once armored.
He had spent most of his adult life in armor; he just could not relax when he wore only clothes.
Rodregas then looked around; the keep armory was pretty basic with casks of arrows and spears, and some of the older used short swords and bows on the wall.
There were only two truly powerful weapons like those used by a member of the Immortal Guards – the soldiers that enforced the rule of the Immortalist Guild of the Celestial Path who ruled all the Eastern Kingdoms and neither of these weapons were kept in the armory.
He looked over to the short swords laying on one of the tables and picked two of them up; they felt a little weird.
The swords were too light and the balance seemed off as he took a few practice strokes.
There was a large two-handed great sword, a weapon that was difficult to handle if you were not very strong, and its sheath matched the armor he now wore.
Rodregas picked it up and took a few swings and found that it was not as clumsy as he thought it would be.
It was of average make, and he did not like such large swords.
The weight provided a lot of momentum and power for a strike, but if you missed it was hard to recover and very easy to leave yourself wide open for a counter strike from your opponent.
It looked like the guards had gone to celebrate “his” birthday by taking most of the better armor and weapons with them.
Rodregas grabbed a shield as well, and a barrel of the best looking arrows and carried them to the front entrance.
There was probably money in the purser’s office, but he knew that the door, as well as the room was rigged with poison needles and other traps, both mundane and magical.
Rodregas had the impression that Ravenhurr had spent most of his wealth of late on the Dire Cats.
After Rodregas’ recent generosity, he did not want to take the risk of dying for a nearly empty treasure box.
He looked out of the entrance, over to the gate and up to the top of the wall where a small tower provided cover.
There, one of the few guards left should be watching the front gate.
Also kept in the tower were two of the nicest weapons Rodregas had ever seen: a pair of recurve bows of Wood Nymph created black yew.
There was no way they would have been taken.
There were standing orders to kill anyone who tried to remove them.
Rodregas was not a very good bowman, but he was definitely going to try to bring them with him.
He peeked out of the main doors and looked around the open keep.
The stables were to the left and the gate was to the right.
The courtyard was not large.
He could not see anyone, but he knew there would be at least two guards left: one at the gate and one in the watchtower over the gate.
In front of the stable was a large bony horse, dappled in brown and white.
Rodregas thought her name was Tory or Torin, he could not remember which.
She was an older horse, in her early twenties, and was known for her mild manor.
She was saddled and ready to go, evidently she was Korin’s planned mount.
Rodregas took a deep breath and calmly walked out of the keep and over to the stables.
It was not large, ordinarily holding only about a dozen horses.
He looked around to find that it was emptied out, except for the two carriage horses.
They must have been left in case Ravenhurr wished to travel, which would be unlikely with all his guards and servants scattered over the town, but good servants did not take their master’s transport from him.
In the open central area, he saw both the small carriage and the supply wagon that Ravenhurr used for traveling and carry supplies back and forth to the keep.
He looked at it and smiled.
With the carriage horses and wagon he could strip a lot of useful items out of the keep.
He went next door to the smith’s and started gathering up tools, and loading them up into the smith’s travel trunk.
The nicest tools were in a cabinet, and with a grunt (it was heavy even for him) he picked it up and loaded it into the cart, along with some other useful implements.
He would need to carry as much food as possible as well.
He quickly went back into the main keep and wrapped up the mattress from Captain Poir’s bunk and started carrying barrels of flour and other foodstuffs to his pile next to the front entrance.
The drudge stared at him with a strange look but did not question his actions.
He then realized that he should go up and check out the laboratory for anything else of value, and check out the dungeon to make sure all the prisoners had been freed.
He had brought a proper crow bar from his visit to the smith’s and made short work of the laboratory door.
The room had several large circles in the floor and tables and shelves along the side.
The shelves held bones and bowls of strange fluids and other items whose uses he could not imagine.
Anything that felt foul he threw into the fireplace, after getting a good flame going.
Several books and strange containers ended up in the fire, though he did find two books that felt of magic that he kept.
He also found a small statue of a strange green mechanical frog that had that magic tingle to it.
He could not imagine its use; it appeared a simple toy, but he put it in his pile to take.
There was a heavy oak cabinet in the corner which he forced open.
Inside were large pottery containers, which he had seen before.
They held some of the magic powders used to make the circles that were so important to many of the most powerful of the Immortalist’s spells.
He checked the powders for magic and several came off very strong so he added them to the pile.
Two came off with the foulest feel yet, even worse than the books in the studio.
He could not burn them but knocked them into the middle of the room and then added a couple of the other non-magic powder containers.
In his final action before he left, he used the crow bar to shatter all the bottles, and made sure to mix the powders together.
He hopes that would make them impossible to use.
After moving what he wanted to take with him to his pile at the entrance, he headed down the stairs to the dungeon.
Rodregas did not want to go down there.
Some of his worst memories were from his time down in the dungeon.
Too many terrible deeds had occurred there, not that he had done many of them himself, but he had not been able to stop them.
He could have tried to stop the terrible things that had happened, but he had simply chosen to survive instead.
He knew the depth of his lack of true courage from his years of failure to act before now.
He went through the guardroom and was happy to see that Captain Poir had followed orders; there was no sign of the eight or so prisoners, including his rescued AElfin maiden.
He stared at the problem in the largest cell.
There, sprawled on the floor, were the two female Dire Cats that had been used to trap the Celestial lion.
Rodregas swore that as soon as he looked at the cats, they were already looking at him straight in the eye.
The large green eyes demanded something of him even as the animals lay in apparent complete relaxation, sprawled on the stone floor.
He had to let them out, but how was he going to do that?
If he simply opened the door, they might tear him apart.
Rodregas thought the cats may also attack the guard at the front gate on their way out.
He looked around and realized that the other side of the hall had a door that opened in the same direction as the door leading to the cage.
He opened it up and thought that if he opened the Dire Cats’ door, he could block them from this direction, while keeping himself safe behind the two doors.
He knew the guards at the gate would be incredibly curious about what he had been doing, but they would not actually do anything to challenge the man they thought was the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.
He also knew that he would have to get them out of the way of the Dire Cats.
At least that way he could also claim the black yew recurve bows.
Rodregas walked back up the stairs and he thought that it would be a good idea to feed the beasts first, but he did not have time to grab a couple of chickens in the coop next to the kitchen.
The sooner he was away from the keep the better.
As Rodregas walked up to the watchtower gates he once again wore the sorcerer’s robe that Captain Poir had fetched for him, but this time he wore it outside of his armor.
He climbed the inner stairs until he stepped into the watchtower room at the top.
He played it bold, walked up to the staring guard and signaled him to turn around.
Then Rodregas proceeded to gag and bind him.
The confused guard did not even struggle.
Next, Rodregas went to the front gate and repeated his actions with the lone guard at the gate; he then picked him up and took him to sit with his friend at the top of the gate.
He made sure both were securely tied up and blindfolded and took off their weapon harnesses and kept them; their two short swords were nicer than the ones that he had taken from the armory.
Both men also had purses with them that jingled with their bonus money in a promising way.
He then headed back to the dungeon, stopping at the chicken coop to let out the chickens.
They quickly spread all over the yard.
It would be better for the town folk who lived so close to the fort if the Dire Cats were not starving when they left.
On his way into the dungeon, he left all the doors propped open so the way out would be clear, and he made sure that all the other doors were closed.
Luckily, the kitchen drudge had locked herself in the kitchen quarters.
Rodregas then went back to the dungeon level and opened the opposite door and then the Dire Cats’ prison door and watched.
He had expected them to either bolt for it or stay in the “safety” of their room.
Instead they both casually got up and walked out, as if they were guests in a fancy inn, with all the time in the world.
As they walked out the door both cats gave him a casual glance as he held the two doors firmly closed together bracing for the weight if they threw themselves at the doors, but they just walked by and headed up the stairs.
He wanted to follow, but Rodregas held himself back patiently waiting until it was safe.
They might look like lions, but he knew they were smarter than any beast, and they could be setting him up.
Finally after waiting what seemed like forever, but was probably only about twenty minutes, Rodregas slowly made his way back up through the keep.
When he poked his head out the entrance there was no sign of Dire Cats or chickens, but he did note a few stray feathers in the courtyard.
Other than a few alarmed sounds from the chicken coop, it was surprisingly quiet.
Rodregas felt a feeling of relief at the idea that the lions had eaten.
Still, he double-checked the keep and the courtyard very carefully before bringing out the cart and the horses and loading up all his booty.
The cart groaned with the load.
After a last check for Dire Cats in front of the keep he headed out and away from both Raven Keep and Raven Town and away from his old life.
CHAPTER 4 A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM
Raven Keep, unlike many fortifications, was not located on a high spot.
In fact, it was perched half way down a gentle valley.
Farther down the valley, only a few minutes’ ride away was Raven Town.
Even the kindest of folk would admit the town was not much more than an inn, a stable, the homes of the people that supported the local farming community, and of course, Raven Keep.
Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.
Luckily for Rodregas, there was a turn off almost immediately that let him circle around the edge of town and then start heading out of the valley.
He went north toward the town of Cruet.
As dusk was falling there was little traffic.
Luckily this part of the road was well cleared and open and the horses were fresh so he made headway even as it became dark.
He pushed hard until he reached the fork that headed west up into the hills.
It was seldom traveled by anyone except fur trappers.
Rodregas pushed on through the night and into the sunrise of the next day until even the horse that had been Korin’s ride, which he had tied to the back of the wagon, seemed to be tired and ready for rest.
He stopped and let the animals take a break next to a small creek.
Rodregas was not sure what would happen when the relief guards went to the tower and found the other guards tied up, apparently by Ravenhurr himself.
His assistant had been killed in the Master’s own room.
Rodregas reasoned they would find the keep partially pillaged as well.
He knew Captain Poir would probably do one of two things: either come after him immediately or head to the Celestial Path Guild Hall in the capital.
If Captain Poir headed immediately for the Guild Hall to report the strange happening, it would give him more time to find a place to lie low.
However, it would be better for him if Poir went looking for Rodregas himself instead, and spread his men all over trying to find him.
There were only about twenty Ravenhurr guardsmen.
If they were sent in every possible direction, especially in pairs, there was a good chance that he would come across no more than two of them at a time.
If they were still confused about whether he was or was not Ravenhurr, he would have an excellent chance of overcoming them.
On the other hand, if the forces of the guild came after him… The guardsmen of the Immortalist guild were known as the Immortal Guards and their reputation as the premier fighters of the realm was seldom questioned.
If they found out what had happened at Raven Keep there was not much chance for Rodregas’ survival.
After a simple meal, a good rub down for the horses and a few hours of rest, Rodregas got the wagon back on the road.
If he could keep up this pace, up he could be well hidden before any forces could find him.
At the end of the second day, before he had come to his last turn off, he realized that he would have to get some sleep.
He was feeling exhausted.
His body might be surprisingly strong and quick but apparently it still needed to sleep on a regular basis.
As soon as the horses were fed, rubbed down, hobbled and left to graze, Rodregas unrolled Captain Poir’s mattress and collapsed into it with a welcome sigh.
Sleep came to him almost instantly.
In Rodregas’ life he had experienced several very unpleasant ways of waking up, but this was the worst: a searing hot pain stabbed into his stomach!
He reared up from his mat, but he felt hands holding him down onto the mattress.
It was dark, but he could see in the dim light of the moon that someone was shoving a knife into his belly.
He knew that in the next couple of seconds, his actions would decide his fate.
He was bleeding, so he would be losing strength as well.
Whoever his assailants were, they had him trapped.
Rodregas violently kicked out with one leg, but his stabbing attacker avoided the blow.
He did let up on the knife for a second though.
Instead of following up, Rodregas used the momentum of his kick to swing his body sideways.
Skilled, close up fighting was all about leverage.
Instead of resisting the attacker’s strength Rodregas pushed down on the earth with his hands and lifted his body up and to the side, curling the leg he had kicked out underneath.
He planted his foot under his body.
His attackers seemed confused, grabbing him and trying to counter his change of position.
Rodregas only had one leg under him, but he pushed off with it with all his strength and thrust himself up.
It should have failed with all the men holding him down, but he now had celestial strength, and even with the knife wound he was strong.
His attackers backed off, confused by the fact that he had gone from being their prisoner to suddenly rising.
The person pinning Rodregas’ left arm got too far away.
This gave Rodregas the leverage he needed to pull the arm free.
He punched his assailant hard in the face.
The attacker flew back and Rodregas jumped sideways to get more space.
Rodregas rested his right hand on the knife blade still sticking out of his stomach.
He was relieved to feel that it was not too deep.
He had not taken off his armor.
Although the knife had pierced the leather weave, the tip penetrated less than an inch.
Rodregas gritted his teeth and pulled the knife free.
From the feel of its balance, it was not a real fighting weapon, but only a simple utility knife.
Rather than try to use the unfamiliar weapon that was slick with his blood, he threw it into the dark.
Quickly Rodregas remembered he was in a fight for his life.
He backed up from his confused opponents and gave himself more space.
It was the middle of the night and there was only a sliver of moon, but he could still make out the forms of his attackers; there were four of them.
No, a fifth stood away from the others and watched.
The one who had stabbed him had the most aggressive posture: he looked tall and strong; Rodregas knew he had to take him out quickly so he moved in hard.
None of the attackers seemed to be wearing armor nor did they have any weapons, other than the largest man, who held what looked to be a garden rake.
Rodregas charged, bulling his way into the lead attacker and knocking him down.
The assailant fell, being surprised by Rodregas’ actions.
Rodregas grabbed him by the hair with his left hand and hit him full in the nose with his right fist.
The man crumbled.
Two others closed in with a group tackle.
The one on the right came in too close, and Rodregas gave him a good hard jab with his elbow in the stomach.
Rodregas heard his attacker’s entire breath exit at his blow and he followed him to the ground.
Rodregas followed up with a roundhouse kick and laid a good blow into the kidney area of the other man.
Rodregas realized that his attackers were clearly not trained fighters.
He felt himself relax as he realized that they posed no real danger to him now that he was on his feet and aware.
Just as Rodregas relaxed from the heart pounding life or death moment that had awoken him, the man holding the rake stepped forward.
Rodregas realized that he was even taller and bigger than the first one.
The attacker swung the rake right at him with all his weight behind it.
Rodregas was too close to dodge, and the rake hit his wounded gut straight on with the full brunt of his attacker’s weight.
Rodregas swooned in pain as his fresh wound took the blunt of the blow.
He had started to feel like he was faster and stronger than everyone else, and had not been expected the power of the blow.
Rodregas went flying back down to the ground moaning.
He rolled with it and came back up.
Rodregas thought about the attacker and realized that here was one that would be a challenge.
Judging by the distance his attacker kept and how he was clearly keeping his center of gravity low and balanced, Rodregas knew this opponent was a challenge.
He was not just bigger and stronger; clearly he knew how to fight.
A good fighter, of course, knows you do not let an opponent recover.
His attacker came in hard and fast.
Rodregas never saw the blow to his face, but luckily it was not a direct hit as Rodregas was already moving in close.
Before the attacker could deliver another blow he was inside his opponents swing.
Getting close is not always the best strategy on a powerful larger opponent.
His attacker’s large hand reached for his face.
Rodregas turned into his weight and tried to use his momentum to drive the large body off balance.
But the attacker was built like a bull: broad and full of muscle.
Rodregas’ push against him had little effect.
Something felt odd about this last attacker; his body felt wrong, not human.
Rodregas thought, “maybe an Orqui?” That would explain the muscular build, but that did not seem totally right either.
The fighters separated.
Sometimes there is a mutual agreement during a fight, especially when both are not sure who has the advantage.
The two of them started circling, and Rodregas tried to keep an eye out for the other men, but they seemed a little disoriented in the dark and appeared to be keeping their distance.
Rodregas thought he saw other movement as well, farther out, but it was more animal-like.
He was surprised any wild animals would be this close to the noise of a fight.
Rodregas waited for an opening, but it was hard to know exactly what was going on in the dark.
He was bleeding from his belly wound, and decided that he could not wait.
Rodregas decided to pull his short swords from the harness on his side and, at the same time, rush in on the big guy.
The large attacker was big and powerful, but his rake had shattered and Rodregas had his short swords on his harness.
His attacker appeared to not have a back up weapon.
Then a voice rang out, “Stop, STOP, it is not him!
It is not the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.” It was a woman’s voice.
Then a much deeper voice, one that seemed half growl, responded, “She is right.
This is no sorcerer we fight.” The voice was from his present combatant, the only one who had proven to be dangerous to him.
“She is right,” Rodregas said, “I am not Ravenhurr.” “We don’t know that,” challenged another voice from the dark.
As he stepped forward he recognized the shape of the large aggressive man that Rodregas had first thought was the leader.
“If he is not Gerald, then he must be Ravenhurr.” There was a silent response to that statement, but finally one of the other men lit a torch and held it up.
Rodregas quickly realized that in front of him were five of the eight prisoners who had been held in the dungeon.
“How did you track me here?” Rodregas asked.
The one with the torch waved it over toward the lone female of the group, the half AElfin maiden from the tower.
“I am afraid you are not much of a woodsman, not that it is easy to hide wagon tracks,” she stated, her voice hinting disapproval at his skill.
“Still, it was far too easy, even though my people do not count me as one of their better trackers.” Rodregas thought of asking her if she was referring to her AElf or her Nymph heritage as her people, but decided it was best not to ask.
He had to admit she had a very nice soft voice to go along with that killer body and exotic look.
There were three human men, all large and well built, the AElf maiden, and whatever the large man was.
While the guy that he had tagged as the leader was nearly as tall and well built as Rodregas’ new body, the other two men were also very impressive.
They were all men that Ravenhurr had been testing for use as replacement bodies.
Rodregas’ present body had “won” as the most gifted human male that Ravenhurr could find.
Rodregas now remembered that the very large male was something else: half Orqui and half Infernal Daemon, one of those known as the Hellborn.
The Hellborn was actually a good head taller than even Rodregas, and even more broad and muscular.
In fact, his chest was so broad that it looked almost deformed, and something bulged in the middle of both of his shoulders, though the cloak he wore blocked the details of the strange bulge.
His face was blunt, except for incredibly sharp cheekbones, and his skin had a reddish brown hue.
His head was crowned with a pair of horns like a goat’s.
The horns were curled into his black bushy hair which was long, very thick, and very wild.
It was sticking out in weird ways from his head.
All the guards had been confused as to why Ravenhurr had kept him, as it was against the Guild rules to use any of the Hellborn in the ceremony.
The Immortalist was trying to become Celestial not a member of the Infernal realms.
It was a very stringent rule that everyone knew not to break, not that any of the guards was going to mention it to the Guild.
“Who are you?” asked the man that Rodregas had tagged as ‘the leader.’ “I am not sure who I am,” Rodregas responded.
“And I think I will keep any answers that I figure out to myself for now.” “You are not Gerald though are you?” asked the AElf maiden.
“Not to ask a dumb question,” Rodregas asked in a curious tone “but who is Gerald?”  Silence followed his query but finally he got an answer.
“He is the man that you appear to be, whose body you now… have,” responded the maiden.
“And what are you five named?” Rodregas asked.
There was a pause at his question.
He knew this was an important moment because once people say who they are they are much less likely to do violence.
Rodregas did not understand the reason, but he knew that to be true.
“I am Imeralda,” said the AElf maiden.
Then came the Hellborn, “My name is Doi’vanaomeraldioan, but humans usually call me Doi’van,” he stated in a slow careful way in a very deep, deep voice.
The leader, after a pause, said, “I am Audrian of family Corin.” The other two men identified themselves as Brit and Geor.
Geor, the one with the torch, was blond and like the other men, unusually good looking and well built.
Brit said little and was of dark hair and light skin.
Offhand, Rodregas thought he looked to have come from the northern Kingdoms.
“Gerald was a friend of ours, we went through a lot together in the Raven Keep dungeon,” spoke Audrian.
“If you are neither him nor Ravenhurr, who are you?
Only another Immortalist sorcerer should have been able to steal a body from Ravenhurr,” Audrian finished.
It was a good question and one Rodregas was asking himself.
He wanted to spill the story, but he did not really trust these men.
He had spent hard years on the road and knew not to trust people that you have just met.
You especially do not trust people who try to kill you while you sleep.
And as long as people thought he might be Ravenhurr, maybe a little crazy from a spell gone wrong or something, the less likely the Guild of the Celestial Path would send the Immortal Guards against him.
So Rodregas said, “Let’s just say I am trying to figure out who I am.
You can call me…,” he thought for a minute, making it obvious he was making up a fake name.
He did not want to use his real name.
He thought to himself, “Who do I want to be?” “If I’m going to try to fight against the Immortalists, then some sort of name fit for a Celestial Paladin, or maybe one fit for an Infernal adversary was needed,” he thought with a smile.
The only way he could have survived the ceremony would have been divine intervention, so he said the first thing that came to mind, “You can call me Sir Paladin, that will work for now,” he said it with a smile and a slight snicker at his own joke.
“Just what kind of Paladin would you be?” Imeralda asked him.
“Why, it should be obvious to you more than anyone,” Rodregas said with a slight bow to the beautiful half AElf.
“The kind of heroic Paladin that rescues beautiful maidens in distress and frees’ innocent prisoners from the dungeons of evil sorcerers.” Rodregas could not help but smile at his own line.
He had always found that a good joke was like a good insult; the best always had enough truth in them to sting.
Geor smiled, but the others seemed not to have appreciated his little joke.
The AElf maiden just looked at Rodregas quietly and thoughtfully.
The Hellborn Orqui smiled, but with a look that said he did it because the other men smiled.
Rodregas had a feeling that Doi’van lacked much of a sense of humor.
The other three men simply shook their heads at his idiotic statement.
Not that his statement did not have a hint of truth to it.
Rodregas was sure everyone here had lost a loved one, at some point, to an Immortalist.
But, no Paladin of the Gods had ever come to their rescue.
The truth was that even if one of the gods was backing Rodregas, it was more likely to be some god who was pissed off at the Immortalists; one looking for a chosen champion for their own selfish reasons.
As a child Rodregas had dreamed of being such a champion, but Paladin’s were always chosen from the ranks of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, and while Rodregas had once served the Order as a squire he had never came close to achieving knighthood.
“All right, Sir Paladin, I have to admit I have talked to the Sorcerer Ravenhurr a few too many times, and you definitely don’t seem to be him.
Nevertheless, we are taking your wagon and your supplies.
We will let you go in peace in the morning,” said Audrian in that tone of voice that implied that he just expected people to follow his orders.
“Hand over the shorts swords,” Audrian continued, gesturing at the two blades that Rodregas had yet to pull.
“We will return one in the morning.” Rodregas smiled and nodded and pulled the two swords out simultaneously.
He was starting to think his new body was ambidextrous, equally comfortable with both hands.
That could prove useful, but would require some additional training to take full advantage of.
“Actually, since I was kicking your ass barehanded, even with a knife in my belly, how about this: I won’t kill the bunch of you if you keep your distance and leave my camp at first light?” Rodregas’ tone was casual.
“And, if you ask nicely, I will even leave you a few supplies to get to the nearest town if you promise not to tell anyone that you saw me.
And you will promise that in the name of the All-Father, or you will die at my hand.” Rodregas did not smile now, nor did they.
“So you think you could kill all of us?
Put your sword down now!” demanded Audrian.
Rodregas stepped forward and buried just the tip of his right-handed short sword into Audrian’s chest, hitting the ribs but not shoving the blade through.
Audrian gasped in surprise and fell back.
“Swear you will keep my secret and you live, do not and you die.
Choose!” Audrian just stood there looking at him.
Then he nodded and said, “In the name of the All-Father, Lord of Sky and Earth and Water, I swear that I will keep your secrets.” Rodregas nodded and relaxed slightly; few would dare break a promise to the All-Father.
Rodregas decided that Brit and Geor were like pale shadows as they quickly followed suit.
When he turned to the last two he saw that they were very interested in what he was saying.
“Where do you go, Sir Paladin?” He showed no sense of humor at Rodregas’ little joke about being a Paladin; Rodregas hoped Doi’van had not taken him literally.
“As far as I can, is my main plan at the moment.
Clearly the Guild of the Celestial Path is going to be looking for me.
Let’s just say I don’t wish to be found anywhere right now.” “And if they find you… and they will in time, will you then become a Vengeance Daemon?” asked the Hellborn.
Rodregas simply flourished his short swords and smiled and stated, “Let’s just say that it should be interesting.” The Hellborn nodded very thoughtfully at Rodregas reply.
The half AElf had followed the conversation between them with obvious interest, and quickly followed Doi’van’s’ lead in swearing the oath to the All-Father.
But with the two of them the oath seemed different, more easily said and with no need for threats.
Rodregas was not sure why, but he decided it was something to think about when he had more time.
The rest of the night passed quickly as Rodregas did his best to bandage his stomach wound.
He did not think the knife had cut into anything too important; at least it was not bleeding too badly.
He was surprised that he was not more tired; maybe his new body handled such things better and could make do with less sleep.
He was usually a light sleeper and was very surprised that they had been able to get the drop on him.
His guess was that the AElf maiden had cast some sort of spell on him to mask their approach, and he kept a close eye on her to make sure she did not repeat the effort.
Of course she was also very nice to look at, so he did not need much of an excuse to enjoy the view.
In the morning, he slowly pulled out some of the supplies and bundled them.
He tried not to show how much he hurt.
The wound might not kill him, but every movement hurt.
He also handed Audrian a few of his coins.
It wasn’t much, but it would get them started; they were lucky he was being so generous.
Rodregas felt he owed them, and if he had been in their place he would have tried to kill Ravenhurr.
Clearly the three human men were eager to get started back to the main road.
He noticed that the Hellborn Doi’van and Imeralda seemed to be hanging back.
As the three men started to head down the road Doi’van walked up to Rodregas and stated, “I would rather travel with you.” That was it; he just stood there like some huge tree after that simple statement.
Audrian seemed as surprised as he was.
They both spoke at the same time, their thoughts strangely in agreement.
“Are you crazy?” asked Audrian at the same time as Rodregas said, “That is crazy.” “Look, the Guild will be after me,” Rodregas stated.
“It will not be safe to travel in my company,” he added.
“I know,” stated the Hellborn in a voice that was so deep it was like stones grinding.
“But still, I would travel with you.” Again he made the statement and showed no interest in explaining his action.
“Actually,” added Imeralda shaking her long curly hair behind her as if to clear the way for her decision, “I was thinking the same thing.
I am not safe from the Guild anyhow.
My natural magical talent is very strong, and until I am better skilled in it, I am very vulnerable,” she stated “And frankly, while Audrian, Brit and Geor are very brave to let me travel with them, I fear that I put their lives in danger.
You, on the other hand, are in more danger than I am, and should be even more motivated to stay out of the sight of the Guild.” After saying the little speech that she had clearly been practicing in her head, she added, “Joining you makes sense.” Rodregas hesitated, but she had an excellent point, and of course turning away such a beautiful young woman was a difficult thing to do.
She did have a point and he did have a reasonably safe place to hide that he had been heading toward.
So, even if he did head out on a raid of the Immortalists, she should be safe enough.
The human men would be of least interest to the Guild and the easiest to blend in.
On the other hand, while the Hellborn were feared and disliked, the Immortalists should not be interested in Doi’van.
He was also clearly a gifted warrior and between the two of them they would make a dangerous duo.
However, the Hellborn were feared because of their daemonic natures; they had hungers and urges and famously bad tempers.
Doi’van could be just as much of a danger as help.
Rodregas had to admit though, that in the little time he had dealt with him, he kind of liked the big guy.
It looked like Audrian was going to argue, but Rodregas just cut him off and stated, “Very well, you two may travel with me, but let’s get on the road.
Audrian, make sure you and the other two do not forget your oaths.
I will expect no one to know that we head for the Northern Coast.” Audrian looked like he was going to say something.
Rodregas thought the loss of the Hellborn did not bother him, but the beautiful half AElfin maiden was another matter.
However, her point about how she put them in danger clearly made him hesitate.
Rodregas just headed for the wagon and got it going.
With a last confused look from Rodregas, Audrian and the other two headed back towards the nearest town.
The three talked little as they traveled.
Rodregas set a hard pace and Imeralda sat in the back of the wagon.
Doi’van weighed too much to ride in the overburdened wagon or to ride the horse, so he jogged next to the wagon.
He had impressive endurance.
Right before dark Rodregas was watching carefully and found the faint signs of the rocky trail that he remembered.
He turned the cart onto it, and after going down the path a bit he came across a good place to camp for the night.
As Doi’van and Rodregas set up camp, Imeralda went back, doing her best to erase their tracks.
After dinner they all took turns sleeping and keeping watch.
Rodregas took the first watch and several times he thought he saw something.
It was not the men they had left behind, but some animal that never came close.
It seemed to be hanging on the edge of the camp.
“A wolf maybe?” Rodregas thought.
It seemed to be watching the camp, but it was not doing anything aggressive.
He remembered thinking he had seen an animal during the fight.
“Maybe we were in a wolf pack’s territory, and they were just making sure that we were not disturbing their young,” he thought.
Happily, this night proved to be more restful and peaceful then the last.
CHAPTER 5 A PLACE OF PRIDE
Rodregas drove the wagon with Imeralda sitting next to him; Doi’van continued his impressive show of endurance by actually jogging next to the wagon and showing no trouble keeping up.
As the trail was more of a hunting path than a proper road and they were traveling on an upward incline, the wagon was struggling to make much time.
It was not until their midday stop that the three had any real conversation.
“So,” asked Imeralda, “where are we going?
I assume it is not the Northern Kingdoms as you said to Audrian.
For one thing that would be stupid, and for a second you seem to be climbing ever higher into the Arida Mountains and that is hardly the best way north.” Rodregas nodded.
He hoped to make it to his hideaway by nightfall, so he decided it did not hurt to share his plan at this point.
“You’re right; we are not going to the Northern Kingdoms.
A few companions and I were hiding out in the Aridas and in one of the higher hollows I found an old farmhouse.
It has been abandoned for a long time, but it is well made and there is water and lots of fruit trees and berry bushes that must be left over from an old orchard.” After a moment he added, “I always thought that if I ever needed a place to hide out that it was ideal.
Of course it will be rough there.
Outside of what we bring, there will not be much.
But it will be a good place to rest and…” he said gently patting his stomach, “heal up.
We should be there by nightfall.” “Not bad,” said Imeralda.
“Sounds like a place that will be hard to find, but is this not territory infested with wild Dire beast?” “Yup,” Rodregas said, “another reason I think this area is usually hard to find; most people stay clear.” He continued after a pause to let them think of entering territory known to be the hunting range of feared predators, “I never saw any sign of any Dire beast in the hollows when I was there, but, of course, they probably know of the place.
Still, I would rather handle a pack of Hellhounds than The Immortal Guards.” Neither looked pleased at his logic, but both nodded.
A few hours later it was starting to get dark as Rodregas recognized the spot and turned the wagon left for the final hard assent.
At this point there was no trail, and common sense would have argued against the path.
It was hard work.
The horses had to be hand-led around rocks and trees and pulled up.
Doi’van and Rodregas had to manhandle the wagon around a few corners which was easier to do than it should have been, but Celestial and Hellborn strength together made short work of it.
Then, as they finally started to level out into the small little valley of the hollow, the hair all over Rodregas’ body suddenly stood up on end and his skin shivered.
Rodregas was expecting it, but was a little shocked by the strength of his reaction.
All those years ago he had had to struggle to feel it.
Now he almost swayed in the currents of the magic stream of energy.
The wagon halted as Doi’van stopped pushing it up the incline.
He just stood there, his wild black unkempt hair seeming to blow in an invisible wind.
Imeralda looked equally surprised and caught up.
That was interesting.
Clearly Imeralda would have the power to sense the stream of magic, but Doi’van had seemed equally effected.
She turned to Rodregas; her eyebrows arched high in surprise and said, “A ley line and powerful?
I knew there were several going through the Aridas, but your little abandoned farm is next to a ley line?” she asked.
“Actually,” Rodregas said, “it is right in the middle of it, and there is even a small undercurrent suggesting that another weaker one crosses at the farm point.” Rodregas explained, “I had been on the run when we found this place.
I had been worried that those tracking me were using magic.
So to keep them off my track I traveled in and out of ley lines to throw off the magic scent.
This one runs underground before coming out in this small valley.
I was trying to find the ley line again.
That is how I found the old farmhouse.” Ley lines are like rivers of magic energy that encircle the world.
Most major Immortalist keeps and other magic locations are located either on one, or where two of them cross.
Magicians love them for all the free magical power just flowing by to use.
But while there is plenty of power it is not easy to use.
The power is naturally full of disturbances and chaotic energies.
The horror stories of magicians having terrible accidents with spells gone crazy on ley lines were legend.
This is why Immortalists used circles to manage the power.
Raven Keep was on such a line but you could not feel it due to the powerful circles built into the tower.
It was probably why Raven Town was not closer.
“Come on,” Rodregas said.
“Let’s get to shelter before dark.” As he headed into the hidden hollow the orchard became clear.
He was sure that at one point it had straight rows and a pattern to it.
But the orchard had been wild for a very long time.
While there was a bunch of fruit trees and berry bushes, most were the descendants of the original orchard and it was hard to find anything that reassembled a straight row.
The apples trees were in fruit and they all started grabbing a few of each to eat as they went.
Rodregas was not much of a farmer and did not know what the different types were named, but he liked the small green ones with the yellow splotches; they were sweet with a wonderful tang.
“You know,” said Doi’van, “Hiding on a ley line definitely makes sense for keeping the Immortalists off our back and these apples are delicious.” Rodregas stared at him as he ate.
Humans ate around the core, but Doi’van was eating the whole apple as he talked.
“And I love the feel of all the magic.
My body was meant to live in a place that has more magic than our world does, but the lines are chaotic.
It is hard to sleep on a wild line.
It is going to be hard to stay here for long.” Doi’van’s deep voice had the tone of making a simple observation, not conversation.
Rodregas nodded; he had been waiting for the comment, but he had thought it would be Imeralda who brought it up.
“True,” he said, “unless you have a way of smoothing it out.” Rodregas waited for a few seconds as the three approached the main farmhouse building.
The walls were of thick cut stone and it was built on an impressive scale for a farmhouse, though worn-looking.
Of course, there were no signs of a roof, doors or windows.
As they entered the yard, the feeling of the hair standing up on their bodies settled down and instead a feeling of fullness replaced it.
The horses had been acting up and Rodregas hoped that with the energy smoothing out, the horses would stop fighting their lines.
Though in truth the horses seemed to be getting more agitated.
As the magic smoothed out Rodregas smiled and said, “The ley line would be as much of a problem as a help unless, of course, the farmhouse is made of Nymph stone.” Rodregas expected the sound of pleased surprise but instead heard alarmed in-drawn breaths from them both; he saw that they were looking to the right, where he suddenly noticed movement.
Two female Dire Cats stepped out of the orchard and made their way to the farmhouse.
They had a relaxed, bored look.
He thought that they gave him a casual nod, but he could not actually see any movement.
Rodregas simply knew that these were the two Dire Cats that he had freed from the Dungeon.
“Did everyone from that dungeon follow me?” he whispered to himself.
The three stood there fighting to keep the horses from running and watched as the Dire Cats stepped through the main door for a moment, but left after only a short wait.
The Dire Cats then circled the main building and went over to the far edge of the main house and then simply disappeared.
Rodregas said, “I think they just went into the cellar of the home.
The entrance is over there.
Come on, let’s get the horses over to the old barn and get them set for the night before it gets too dark.” “Are those the two Dire Cats from Raven Keep?” asked Imeralda.
As she spoke she shook her long auburn hair behind her, something he was starting to realize was a nervous gesture.
“Yes, I think so,” Rodregas said.
“I freed them from the dungeon before I left, and then I thought I saw them yesterday.
Apparently, everyone in the dungeon is following me,” he said with a chuckle.
“You saw them?” asked Doi’van.
“Not exactly” he said.
“I saw movement a few times.
I just thought it might be them.
I did not know for sure,” he explained.
Doi’van asked Imeralda, “Did you know they were tracking us?” “No, I had no clue.” she said looking embarrassed.
She then added, “I am not really a great tracker.
I mean, our Paladin was easy enough to find but tracking Dire Cats through the forest, that would require true skill.” “But you did not sense them at all?” asked the Hellborn again.
“No,” she shook her head.
“Why?” she asked, her voice curious on his repeated questioning.
“Because I am wondering if our ‘Paladin’ has a connection to the Dire Cats.
I know a Celestial lion was used in the ceremony and whoever our Paladin is I assume he now has it’s essence, and those two were taken as the Celestial’s mates.”  Imeralda and Doi’van looked at him, and then she slowly added, “And what was one of your first actions?
You freed them from the dungeon.
Dire Cats are smarter than regular lions; they might see you as an ally or part of their herd.
No wait, I think with cats you call them prides.
But I wonder how they see Doi’van and me?” she asked.
Neither Doi’van nor Rodregas had an answer to that question.
“Well,” Rodregas said, “we need to find shelter and if they meant us harm us they would not have shown themselves.
It’s getting dark.
Let’s get the horses into the barn.
If they have been tracking me since I let them out, they don’t seem to want to do any great harm.” With that Rodregas got out of the wagon and started to pull the horses into the barn.
Their noses were flaring, and he had to pull them almost to the opening.
As soon as they got close they both went charging in; they sensed the barn was shelter to keep them safe from the Dire Cats.
Like the farmhouse, the barn was also built of the same impressive large cut stone.
However, while the stone was in great shape, all other materials seemed to have fallen apart.
There were several small trees and bushes growing in the barn.
The floor was also stone, and there was not enough dirt and debris for them to grow very large.
They had to clear a path to get the wagon in.
Imeralda ran her hand over the stone with a surprisingly gentle caress.
“It is Nymph stone, right?” Rodregas asked.
She nodded and said, “Yes, I am half Forest Nymph and half AElf and this is beautiful work.” All Nymphs have a specific attachment to nature such as forest, stone or water.
There was a lot of variation among the Nymphs, but they could do amazing things with their element.
A connection to stone is much sought after by mages.
The stone could not store magic like the circles but it could smooth out the high level of magic available on ley lines and make it more comfortable to use, not in the big way of the magic of circles, but for using magic in small ways.
And, of course, only homes made by nymphs could make living on a ley line comfortable.
“This home truly is a find,” said Doi’van, “and now I see why the Dire Cats showed themselves to us.” “What do you mean?” Rodregas asked.
“Dire Beasts seek such places to lair,” answered Doi’van.
“Whether their ancestry is Celestial or Infernal, they instinctively seek a place that has a higher level of magic energy.
But they find ley lines like this irritating as much as we do, unless there is some way to smooth out its turbulence.
This is especially true of pregnant females.
The strongest dire animals are not just those of nearest descent, but also those who come to term in high magical environments.” Rodregas nodded, he had heard bits of this but he had not really thought about it.
Doi’van stretched his hands up and up to an impressive height, and a smile spread across his face, the first one Rodregas had seen on the Hellborn face.
It was good to see, though it was also a little scary as his teeth were more pointed than Rodregas was used to seeing.
His teeth had more in common with the Dire Cats than himself or Imeralda.
“Of course, I know this first hand as it is the same for us Hellborn.
We will not grow strong if we do not spend much of our childhood in a place that is rich in magic.
This place feels very good.
The last few years the only time I was in a place rich in magic, I was also a prisoner.
It is good not to hunger for magic and be FREE!” Rodregas was, of course, curious about the Hellborn’s background but had been hesitant to ask.
You do not want to piss off one of the Hellborn.
Hellborn were not necessarily chaotic and sadistic beings, like actual daemons or Greater Daemons, at least unless they voluntarily chose to become one of Hell’s Chosen.
Rodregas did not think even one of the Immortalists would choose to mess with one of Hell’s Chosen.
Hellborn on the mortal world were welcome among the Orqui much like those of Celestial blood were among the humans and the AElves.
The Orqui mated with Daemons and their offspring became its races noble house, just as the blood of Celestials flowed in the noble houses of Humans and AElves.
Of course, here in the Eastern Realms true ruler ship was not by the demi-gods of the noble houses anymore but by the Immortalists and their Guild of the Celestial Path.
Often those of Celestial blood, instead of being rulers, were prey to the Guild for their rituals.
Rodregas decided it was now or never if he was going to ask Doi’van of his past.
“So,” he said, “was your mother in a place of strong magic when she was pregnant with you?” He held his breath, worried that his question might be impolite.
But Doi’van’s smile continued and he nodded, “Yes, my mother is a princess of the Orqui clans of the Farisa across the inland sea.
There the Orqui are torn between following the Celestials and the Daemon Lords of the Infernal Realm.
My family is of the Orrghirrlida tribe that follows the Celestials.
Of course, the Daemon Lords love to tempt all those of Celestial blood.
I was born a bastard from an illicit affair of such a temptation.
While the shape my father had taken had been fair, I came out, well let’s just say my paternity was not in question.” “This is an old game among my people,” Doi’van continued “and while I suffered much in my own clan, they kept me in the palace and I grew to adulthood in its strong magical confines and to my full strength.” “So,” Imeralda broke in, “You are of both Infernal and Celestial blood?” Doi’van seemed hesitant to answer for a moment but after a long pause said, “Yes, but most choose not to see it that way.
You are either Hellborn or not.
After I grew to manhood, I decided my true place was among one of the other clans, one that follows the lordship of the Hellborn.” He spoke this very slowly each deep rumble of his tone dragged out.
“I was wrong though, and quickly realized that those who follow the Lords of the Infernal Realms were even a worse fit for me than at home, though they did see me as royal blood and not tainted.” Doi’van added, “I eventually decided to start somewhere new and took a ship across the inland sea.” Doi’van paused at this and shook his head, his hair flying wild, as he seemed to want to shake out a memory from his massive head before he continued.
“I am afraid I did not ask enough questions.
I just wanted to get a fresh start.
I was in Guild Dealer Taigas’ Menagerie to be sold within a week of my arrival.” He finished, his smile fading at the memory.
“When was that?” Rodregas asked.
Doi’van looked at him for a second and said, “Two years ago.” “But that makes no sense,” Rodregas said, his voice angry though he did not know why.
“The Guild is supposed to be trying to make their Immortalists members Celestial.
Why would they hold you for two years?” Doi’van nodded but then shook his head.
“Trust me, I would like to know that answer more then you.” Doi’van’s smile was now long gone and with a shrug of his huge misshaped shoulders, he changed the subject.
“So, Imeralda, the stone here still seems strong and like new, though clearly, it has been long after the construction of this place.” She was looking at Doi’van strangely and it seemed to take her a moment to shift gears and answer his question.
“Yes…of course construction like this…stone enchanted to absorb the power…it makes the stone stronger with that power.
Stones formed like this will last as long as the ley line does not move, which happens only rarely and over centuries.
What is strange is this is not a farm designed by Nymphs.
The design of the home and barn is clearly human, yet it would be strange for a simple farmer to be able to afford to have his building built of Nymph stone and way up here in this remote place,” She said.
“Sir Paladin,” Doi’van asked, “You said you traveled here the first time with friends.
Might they tell folks of this place?” “No,” Rodregas answered, “they were not exactly friends, and they both died long ago.
Plus, they had no magic and did not even realize this place was on a ley line, and I never told them.
They just saw an old farm house in bad repair.” “So, what now,” Doi’van asked?
“Well,” Rodregas said, “I think we should just sleep here tonight.
We can try the house in the morning.
But I don’t want to disturb the Dire Cats during the night.” They both nodded.
They had come to the same thought already.
“Oh,” Rodregas said, “here.” He pulled out one of the extra short swords and its harness from where he had it stashed in the wagon and handed it to Doi’van.
“If you guys promise not to stab me in the night, it makes sense for you two to be armed.
Though, I do not think that harness is big enough to fit you without some work.” Rodregas held his last unclaimed short sword up and said, “And here is one for you, Imeralda.” She picked it up, but he could tell she did not know how to handle the weapon.
Doi’van looked comfortable enough, but the handle was almost too small for his large hand and it looked more like a large dagger in his hand than a sword.
“You don’t have a bow hidden in that wagon do you?
I have no idea how to use one of these pig stickers, but I am very good with a bow,” said Imeralda.
She said it clearly expecting him not to have anything.
Rodregas did, have a bow.
He had two very nice bows wrapped up in the wagon.
But, while the short swords he handed them were dangerous, they were common and easy to replace.
On the other hand, the Black Yew bows were rare and powerful.
He also thought about the chain mail that he had found in Ravenhurr’s wardrobe.
While it was way too small to fit him it would fit Imeralda just fine.
But to give this woman he barely knew such fine armor and weapons was not something to do casually.
It made a lot of sense sitting there on the foothills of the Arida Mountains, worrying about Gobelyn and Dire Cat attacks, but they were a great gift; no one had ever given him such a gift.
“What?” she asked me “You are looking at me like I asked you for your first born child,” she stated in a surprised voice.
“Last night you two tried to kill me, I thought I was being very generous to share my hideout and give each of you a sword.
Frankly I am worried that you will both give it back to me when I am sleeping tonight.” Imeralda looked surprisingly guilty, Doi’van looked... well Rodregas could not guess what the expression on his blunt rough face meant.
“Look,” said Imeralda once again shaking her long hair behind her, “I feel terrible about that.
I told Audrian that I was not sure you were really Ravenhurr and that the spell did not go as planned.
By the Infernals, if the spell had gone as planned I would have burned in creation fire and my magic would be inside of your body right now.” She caught him with those large amazingly green eyes and said, “I had a theory on what happened, but was not sure how to explain it so Audrian would understand.
He was adamant, and I couldn’t argue with his logic, as he had said to you last night, you must be either Gerald or Ravenhurr.” “But you aren’t,” she continued, “And well, you actually seem pretty nice, and you can handle yourself in a fight.
I was just joking about the bow.
You have been really generous.
I was just talking.
You two can both wrestle a bear barehanded and probably win.
Hell, Audrian stabbed you with a knife last night and while you are bleeding a bit, you are getting around pretty well considering you had a knife in you last night.
Now you are showing us trust by giving us weapons.
I am sorry,” she finished.
From her expression she meant what she said, but Rodregas did not think she was happy to say it.
Doi’van just looked at Rodregas for a moment with a thoughtful expression; he was clearly thinking it out carefully.
“I am not sorry for my actions last night,” he said.
“We did what we thought was right.
You appeared to be an Immortalist Sorcerer and I have grown to hate the Immortalists.
When it became clear that you were not, I stopped trying to kill you.” He paused at this, and then Rodregas could tell he made a decision.
“You have given me a sword, if a small one, and among my people that is a powerful gesture.
I will not lie to you, I have left my old life behind and the last few years I have learned to truly hate the Immortalists.
I travel with you only because the others were going to go back to their homes, and I have no home to go back to,” he seemed to finish, but then added, “Last night you pointed out that the forces of the Immortalists would be after you and you would fight them.
And you also proved that you can fight.” Once again he paused.
He was clearly a man that liked to think before he spoke.
“I am simply using you as bait.
When they come for you, I will kill them.
Fighting together we will kill some of their vaulted Immortal Guards.” As Doi’van finished he gave a low growl and shook his horned head, his thick mane of wild jet black hair was almost as distinctive as Imeralda’s own auburn flowing locks.
But with Doi’van the gesture spoke of defiance and challenge like some great bull lowing his horns and getting ready to charge.
Until now he had seemed very thoughtful, almost careful in the words he spoke, but when he spoke of killing and shook his head in defiance his mouth widened.
To say he grinned would not be accurate; he showed his teeth.
There was something very dangerous about this Hellborn, something that reminded you that this creature was the spawn of Greater Daemons.
While he might not have chosen the side of the Infernal hells, there was a very dark and dangerous side to him.
Rodregas could almost smell the fire and brimstone.
Rodregas met Doi’van’s smile with a smile of his own.
He reached out and grabbed Doi’van’s forearm and gripped it in the handshake of warriors and said, “You have spoken to me honestly.
I will honor that with my own honesty.
I don’t know exactly how I ended up in this body, but I do know that I killed Ravenhurr, and I killed his bastard assistant, Korin.
The Immortalists are a sore on the world.
Their use of others’ bodies and power and their very way of life is abhorrent.” Rodregas looked Doi’van in the eyes and said, “The name I was born with is Rodregas.
When I decided to kill Ravenhurr, I promised the gods that if they let me survive, I would take on the duty of killing the Immortalists.
It is a duty that I know will end in my death.
There are hundreds of Immortalists.
Some almost as powerful as gods, but it is a good death and one I have chosen.” Rodregas paused and looked at Doi’van’s features.
They were brutish and rough by human standards, but his instincts said that this man was honest, and he added, “If for a while you wish to share my duty and fight at my side, then we walk a path bathed in the Celestial light.” Rodregas had spoken slowly and clearly so Doi’van would understand the depth of what he said.
They stood there gripping each other’s forearms and then Doi’van nodded and replied, “Then let us walk this path together.” He was speaking in that deep voice; his statement had finality about it.
It was a good moment, one of those moments when two people realize that they are going to share the path of life and possibly death.
It did not last long for as they broke their grip Imeralda said, “All right, you two are pretty tough and all, but don’t expect me to join in this crazy crusade.
Do you know how many thousands  of wannabe heroes have died over the years trying to stop the Immortalist’s preying on the rest of us?” She seemed to shiver for a second and then took a breath and said, “I won’t join you in your crusade, but I will try to help you as I can.” Rodregas nodded and said “Fair enough,” and then reached out to her with the same grip; the grip of one equal warrior to another.
She seemed surprised at his gesture.
Rodregas said, “Help as you can, not as a warrior, but as you see fit, and travel this way with us for a bit.
If nothing else it should prove interesting.” She hesitated then gripped first his arm and then Doi’van’s and she said, “Ok, let’s give that a shot.” Rodregas then made a gut decision.
He had decided to no longer live safely but to live as he wanted to live.
He had never been given great gifts, but that did not mean that he should not give great gifts to others.
Doi’van’s help would be priceless; he was clearly a powerful warrior.
Imeralda was also going to walk this path with them, and he would never get what the armor and bow were worth on the black market so… Rodregas reached down first and opened the trunk and said, “Well, if you are going to be traveling with us for a while, this won’t fit either of us guys.
So it makes most sense for you to have it.” He started handing her the Mithril chain armor.
Her eyes grew bright at the sight of the silver chain and she went, “Oh, my god, you bastard!
You had this in the wagon all along.
Do I really get to have it?” Rodregas smiled and said, “As long as you are sharing the journey with us.” She took several moments to appreciate the armor and started to try it on; Rodregas waited, enjoying her appreciation of his stolen gift.
Just as she started to calm down he said, “Oh, and didn’t you say something about wanting a bow?
And quietly, he handed her one of the Black Yew recurves.
She reached for it with a smile and as soon as she touched it she just stared at it.
Her expression of wonder made his old dried up heart smile.
He was not sure how to feel, like a pleased father giving out mid-winter gifts to children, or like a young lover giving flowers to a new crush.
Rodregas was unsure which reaction was proper now, and which she would want him to feel.
Doi’van had watched the whole show with the thoughtful expression that he was starting to believe was his normal face to the world.
“And do you have a full suit of Night Bronze Plate Mail for me and a magic sword or three as well?” he asked in his careful voice.
“I am afraid that if we want any proper armor for ourselves we are going to have to take it off some Immortal Guard’s corpse.
But I do have one other Black Yew bow and a bigger sword that probably makes more sense for you to use than me, since I have used nothing but short swords for a very long time.” Rodregas then pulled out the two-handed great sword that he had found at the keep and handed it to Doi’van.
On Doi’van it was more a hand and a half sword, but as he flourished it around a bit, Rodregas could see he was pleased.
“The steel is simple, but the balance is good.
I am starting to be very happy that I helped pull this wagon up the hill,” he said with a deep chuckle, which sounded like distant thunder.
Rodregas nodded and said, “I am afraid other than a few items to sell everything else is food and blankets for us... and the horses and tools that I stripped out of the Raven Keep.
I figured I would need the tools to fix this place up and make it livable.” Rodregas continued, “It is dark and late.
Let’s make camp in here.
In the morning we can start seeing about getting this farm in order.” With that they all worked together to get the barn organized and clean.
There was no more talking, each had plenty of their own thoughts to mull over.
Rodregas was feeling pretty good at the moment, dangerously positive.
He had learned long ago that the better you felt, the harder came the emotional fall.
He knew this was all too good to last, but knowing that it would not last also made it more important that he enjoy the moment.
Rodregas was free.
He was being hunted; but hunted because he had finally dealt out justice.
He had killed two monsters, two who wore faces not their own, and who he could feel no remorse for killing.
Rodregas had finally escaped to his quiet place in the mountains to rest and, best of all, with two companions who seemed to be good people.
Clearly, Doi’van had a dark side and he knew little of either of his companions.
But it had been a long time since he had wanted to know more about anyone that he met.
Rodregas had a new strong and powerful body, and he owed a great debt of guilt for that.
He had even been able to free prisoners and give them a second chance at life.
How many times had he dreamed of that while the prisoners had pleaded with him?
He had turned a stone face to the prisoners; he had refused to learn their names, and had just survived by doing his duty.
Rodregas pulled out the captain’s mattress, he hesitated and walked over to where Imeralda was spreading a blanket and with a smile but no words he pulled up the blanket, and unrolled the mattress and laid the blanket on top.
She just watched him.
Rodregas knew she was wondering about his intentions.
Did he want to share the mattress with her?
He did of course, but this was a time of new beginnings.
Rodregas would live and die like he had always meant to.
He walked back to the wagon, grabbed another blanket and put it down far enough away from Imeralda to show his honorable intentions.
But not too far in case there was trouble.
With a big smile he laid down and slept, like he had not slept in a very long time.
CHAPTER 6 LUNCH WITH THE ENEMY
With an eager stride, Van’dret climbed up the stairs to the rooftop solar of the Guild Dealer Taiga’s tower fortress...
He was excited by the honor to dine with the great Immortalist.
He followed a servant dressed in expensive silks of a drab brown color through the well lit passageways and stairs, all the while nervously straightening his own expensive wardrobe.
As they approached the top of the tower, the servant silently stepped aside and, with an open palm, waived Van’dret forward.
The top of the stairs had a small platform where two massive Immortal Guards stood.
At first they showed no signs of movement, though Van’dret could feel their eyes on him as they weighed his right to enter the private solar of their master.
In their full plate Night Bronze, the two guardsmen who stood perfectly still at full attention looked to be more statues than actual men, and something that was not beyond the magic of the man was whose door they guarded.
The double doors leading to the private solar were also of Night Bronze, however the door was covered in intricate wards and symbols.
The guardsmen's armor was less decorated and held only an engraving of their sigil animals.
The guard on the right had an engraving on his Pauldrons, the piece of armor that protects his shoulders of the Celestial beast know as The Stag while the man on the left had an engraving of The Mastiff.
After a moment, that seemed to stretch longer than was polite, the Immortal Guard to the right slowly nodded and with no hand touching it; the two massive doors opened to welcome him into the sanctum.
Van’dret hurried through the open doors before the guard changed his mind.
He normally found the sight of the Immortal Guards reassuring; the great sigil warriors were sworn to the protection of Immortalist, like himself, but he knew these two would cut him down like a common pauper if they sensed he was a danger to their Master.
There was a short hallway leading from the doors with slim white columns on each side of the hallway, in between each column hung great pieces of art; paintings, sculptures and even a small wall hanging with amazing vibrant colors with a strange abstract design were all preserved in the space.
Van’dret was a man of some refinement and appreciation for art, and he wished he had dared to stop and inspect the pieces; they had to be some of the greatest art works in the Realm to be so on display where only those who had been invited to a private meeting with Taiga would see them.
However Van’dret dared to do nothing more than glance at them as he hurried forward.
It would not be smart to make the Guild Dealer wait for even a moment.
The Guild Dealer Taiga was not such a common man that he did his work from a desk; his desires and commands came during parties and social events.
However, if you were truly honored, though personal invitations to dine with him in his personal solar overlooking his city you would get told his wishes.
As Van’dret stepped through the arch he was struck by the bare simplicity of the solar.
The city known as the Menagerie of Sky, Earth and Water that Taiga ruled and had created over the centuries was a lush place, full of pleasures and growing things.
Anything that could be found in the world was said to be found within its gleaming walls and exotic gardens.
However, the private place where it’s Master worked, was a stark contrast.
It’s marble columns and arched ceiling spoke of simply sophistication and understated power, and much more accurately reflected the nature of its owner than the over the top shows and pleasures of the Menagerie.
Two small intricate waterfalls softly trickled down each side wall to the, providing a soft soothing sound.
The back of the room was an archway leading to the terrace, overhead the incredible crystal ceiling let in the natural daylight of the late afternoon sun and would illuminate the top of the tower under its own power during the night.
In the middle of the room was an enameled silver table set for two, with Taiga lounging in his throne like chair on the opposite side of Van’dret.
Van’dret hurried forward and fell to his knees with his head lowered; he did not say a word until after Taiga spoke.
“Please, my friend, there is no need for subservience here; let us enjoy a meal together.
If you don’t mind, I have a few thoughts I would like to share with you over the food.” “Of course, my lord,” said Van’dret as he stood up he dared to focus on the Guild Dealer for the first time.
Taiga wore the form of a High Elf male that was slim and graceful, as was most of its kind.
His hair and eyes were a striking pale violet color, and his skin was a light nut color which made a strong contrast with his hair.
This was highlighted by the similarly colored silk toga he wore.
He wore no rings or accessories, his outfit simple, but extravagant.
Van’dret suddenly wished he had thought to dress simpler for the occasion his green and emerald outfit with its gold trim seemed garish in comparison; and his human male form that normally seemed attractive and robust seemed ungainly and drab in comparison.
Taiga’s manner continued to be friendly but inquisitive.
The conversation started with a polite discussion on new spells that Van’dret was working on, and then moved to his thoughts on the recent political and economic tensions with the Romig Empire.
Wine and food appeared on the table; Van’dret never saw it come, or the empty plates go.
It simply was.
The food, like everything in the tower, was of the finest quality.
They were fed incredible grilled silver salmon, greens from the Northern Kingdoms, and small pastries from the Korin Islands.
Taiga seemed in no hurry to get to any point, Immortalist had nothing, if not time.
Finally, Taiga brought up the point that Van’dret believed had gained him the honor of joining Taiga in his solar.
“So I understand that you are to journey to the Cathedral of the Heavens for this year’s open tourney?” Taiga asked his voice as melodic as one would expect from an elf, but just a tad deeper than one would think.
“Yes, my lord, I leave in the morning,” Van’dret replied.
“Excellent, you will have to keep your eyes open for potential talent worthy of the Immortal Guard,” Taiga stated.
Van’dret nodded, that was one of his main responsibilities, but it could not be why he had been invited up to Taiga’s solar.
“I would encourage you to be careful on your trip over.
You did hear about what happened to Ravenhurr?” asked Taiga.
Van’dret almost felt his eye brows rise, “of course, but what should I watch out for?
I heard it was just some sort of accident.
I was not aware that any of the Knights of the Order were implicated.” Taiga smiled and waved a hand in a dismissing motion.
“Oh, don’t misjudge my words.
I did not mean to imply any misdeeds of our valiant Knights of the Soaring Heavens.
I am not aware of any of them doing much of anything, much less kill an Immortalist.” “Than what should I keep my eye out for?” asked Van’dret.
He was becoming even more curious to the direction of the conversation.
“You, my fine Van’dret, are more in the world than most of us.
You are out traveling and adventuring, while most of us Immortalist just sit in our towers.
I have always thought that our one weakness was our isolation.
It is hard to know what is exactly happening when we are not out to see it.”  For a moment, Taiga paused, looking up at the crystal roof overhead in apparent contemplation of the possible implications of their isolated natures.
After a moment, in which Van’dret waited patiently, Taiga continued, “You are one of our best, and yet you are also in the world.
The tournament draws the powerful and those who wish to be powerful.
I would simply suggest that you keep your eyes open, and keep your  mind a little more focused both on your journey and at the Cathedral,” Van’dret’s tone almost dismissed his own comment as a simple chatter of no import.
Accept Van’dret had been invited to have lunch with one of the most powerful people on the planet to drop the simply suggestion that he should keep his eyes open for something unusual at the Cathedral of the Heavens.
The rest of the dinner quickly wrapped up, and Van’dret soon found himself caught up in thought as he journeyed down several floors to the Great Hall that served as the gathering place for the other Immortalist in residence in the city.
His questing mind was rudely interrupted by a woman stepping to his side and asking him, “so did you ask him?” “Ask him what?” Van’dret asked.
The Immortalist Sorcerer in the form of a tall athletic human female with spectacular long red hair and blue eyes gave Van’dret a silent glare before responding.
“Last night at the arena party you agreed to ask Van’dret where Oreintvenir is,” She replied in a clear clipped voice.
“Actually,” Van’dret responded, “I think I said that my visit to his solar would be a perfect opportunity to ask him if he knew the location of our missing Grand Master.” “So why did you not take advantage of the opportunity?
If anyone knows where Oreintvenir is; it is Taiga” “My lovely Gracella, you are an Immortalist of impressive power and intellect.
But we are Immortalist, time is on our side and Grand Master Oreintvenir has been gone for less than a year.
It is not unusual for one of his power to be gone for such a length of time.
He could be anywhere on this world or beyond it.
There is no need to be in such a... rush to ask questions.” “Van’dret doesn’t play your word games with me, you know, and I know that this is not a normal disappearance.
Not with one of the great cosmic alignments coming in such a short time.
Neither of us would be surprised if Taiga had killed him and taken his place.
But, then he would simply have called a concave and be elected Guild Master if that was the case.” “You’re not suggesting that Taiga is involved in some foul play against the Grand Master are you?” asked Van’dret his tone equally outraged and surprised.
Gracella almost physically jumped at the suggestion and could not help herself from a quick glance around the hall before responding.
“I don’t think Taiga has any interest in becoming Guild Master, or he would be Guild Master.
I am just concerned about Master Oreintvenir.” She said.
“I think the Guild Master can take care of himself just fine, for all we know he quietly ascended and is in the Celestial Heavens laughing at us now.” Gracella nodded, but Van’dret knew her thoughts were the same as any Immortalist at the conversation of Ascension to the Celestial Realm.
If you succeeded people would know a new God walked the Heavens.
If you failed the ceremony the only sign would be silence.
“So what did he want?” she asked.
Van’dret hesitated for a moment, not sure if he should respond.
But, Gracella was an impressive Immortalist and a rising star in the Guild.
She had been Oreintvenir own Adapt when she was young, and as a favored member of the Guild, her friendship could prove important some day.
“He simply wanted me to keep an eye out when I travel to the Cathedral of the Heavens,” he responded.
The two of them were slowly walking back to his suite through the gleaming marble corridors with their wide windows and breath taking views of the city below; they both shared polite nods to other Immortalist, mostly young Adapts who resided in the city.
She did not respond to his answer at first, finally she asked “Does he want you to keep an eye out for Oreintvenir?” Van’dret shook his head and said.
“He mentioned Ravenhurr as a concern.” “But, he simply went mad.
That is not uncommon,” she said with a voice laced with surprise.
“Actually,” said Van’dret, “it is very rare for a Master of Ravenhurr’s level to go mad.
I am not sure if you ever met him, but he was good, very good.” “Then in that case we had better all keep our eyes open.” She said.
CHAPTER 7 A TIME TO PREPARE
Rodregas woke up first, at dawn.
He stayed in his bed just thinking and reviewing all that he had gone through in the last few days; it was a lot to adjust to.
When the others got up they ate some of the supplies, including the last of the fresh bread.
They had plenty of cheese and, at the moment, an endless supply of apples.
Rodregas had an idea about how he wanted to start this new day.
“Doi’van, Imeralda,” he said getting their attention.
“I have not told you much about my past.
But, as a teenager I served as a squire of the knightly Order of the Soaring Heavens”.
At their nod he added,”I was never raised to knighthood, as I had neither the noble lineage nor the martial prowess.
My life as a squire was a good life, one I appreciated more afterwards than when I was living it.
Both the knights and the squires always started off the day with a prayer to the Celestial Gods.
I have not done this in over forty years, but I am going to start again and I would like you to join me if you would.” The two looked at Rodregas, they were very different people, but they both seemed unsure what to say to his request.
Finally, Doi’van nodded at Imeralda and said to Rodregas, “It has been too long since I have prayed as well, it would be good for the soul.
Please lead us in prayer.” Imeralda did not say anything, but she nodded and followed the two of them outside.
Rodregas knelt in the grass facing the sun, the sign of the All-Father in the celestial heavens.
He reached out and wove his fingers together; he pulled his thumbs down and opened his woven hands in the ancient symbol of opening oneself to the gods.
“Dear Celestials in the heavens, we open our hearts to you and we accept our duties as your warriors here in the world.
Let your courage fill our hearts and your strength fill our arms.
May we know the guidance of your twin children, Honor and Justice.” He then knelt down and pulled one of the two short swords from his weapon harness; he crossed his arms and laid the blade across his own upper arms.
It was possible, only with great concentration to do this without dropping the sword or cutting himself.
His instructor had taught the squires this simple prayer.
It guaranteed that the squires stayed focused during meditation.
Doi’van and Imeralda looked at him as he knelt in the grass with the sword naked on his bare arms.
Rodregas spoke carefully so as not to tip the sword and said, “It is called sword meditation.
My instructor would start us out with the prayer and then we would meditative on our duty.” “For how long?” asked Imeralda.
“Until you are sure of what your duty is,” Rodregas replied, hearing the voice of his old drill Knight Captain.
All the instructors had been retired knights who enjoyed teaching the squires.
He did not think the two would join him for this but both pulled their weapons and imitated his position, Doi’van with his large great sword balanced on his powerful arms, Imeralda grabbed her bow instead of a short sword, which with her lack of training was probably a good idea.
Rodregas focused inwards and resumed his meditation.
He was finding it wonderful to do the meditation again; Rodregas had a lot of good memories from his life as a squire, before everything had gone wrong.
Part of him felt uncomfortable for doing this again, like he no longer had the right.
But once you are raised from Page to Squire as he had been, you always got to keep the title of Squire.
Squires who were not raised to knighthood were much sought after; their martial training and their education, especially in law and etiquette, were a great foundation for many careers.
As Rodregas knelt on the ground balancing the sword across his arms, and the sun warm on his face, he thought back to that time when he had used his Squire title to get into the officer academy in the Ramig Empire.
Though giving up his dream of becoming a Knight of the Soaring Heavens had been hard, Rodregas had thought that he would become a successful officer in the army.
Unfortunately, things had gone far amiss and he had never known success.
Rodregas shook his head.
He was focusing on the distant past, not his duty.
That is what this meditation was all about, so what was his duty now?
Killing Immortalists was not something that he, or even the three of them together, could just start doing.
The problem was not just the individual Immortalist; many an angry town would have killed the local Immortalist Sorcerer after having their people taken.
Anyone that struck back at an individual Immortalist would face the wrath of the Guild of the Celestial Path, which included not just the god-like power of the Guild Master and his various sorcerers, but also the army of the Guild known as The Immortal Guards.
While not a large army, they were the most feared warriors in the world.
The leader of The Immortal Guards was called the Commander General, and Rodregas knew of his deeds and background though he had never met him.
General Rigoria had once been the Grand Marshal of the same Knightly Order that had trained Rodregas.
The Order was unique in that it trained not just in the various martial arts but also in the magical, and recruited those who had magical power, but lacked the temperament or intelligence to be a sorcerer.
Instead of working toward the power of sorcery, they underwent the Sigil ceremony, gaining a magical enhancement but losing the versatility of a true mage.
Gaining such sigils was outlawed by the guide except for their own warriors, but the Order of the Soaring Heavens was also the traditional sources for the Gods own Paladins, and even the Celestial Guild had never dared to anger the gods by interfering with their use of sigils.
Rigoria had been one of the greatest of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, but he had grown old and his health had failed him.
When tempted by the Immortalists with a new body, he had accepted.
Even though such action was anathema to the very teachings of the Order, he had become an officer of the Immortal Guards, and eventually their leader.
Several of the most powerful Knights had over the centuries, formed the officer core of The Immortal Guards.
These Knights traded their honor for near immortality in the Guards.
The Immortal Guards were all sigil warriors with one or several magical enhancements.
They also had the best resources of the entire Eastern Realm, the most powerful enchanted armor, the best weapons; their officers rode Dire Beasts for steeds.
Taking on a sigil warrior would be a huge challenge for Rodregas, or at least he thought it would be.
He was still unclear of how strong and fast he was.
His stomach hurt from his wound, but not as badly as it should.
Clearly, the first step in his duty was to heal up from his wound and relearn how to fight in his new body.
When he got up, Imeralda was already standing but Doi’van remained kneeling in thought.
He nodded to Imeralda and she quietly followed him back into the barn.
About ten minutes later Doi’van joined them and they started to plan how to clean up the barn.
There was also the matter of the house, which was a more natural place for the three of them to shelter, but Rodregas was unsure of the Dire Cats.
They decided to spend the rest of the morning cleaning up the barn for the horses, and then, after lunch, Rodregas would go and see if he could figure out the intentions of the lionesses.
With the three of them working, they cleaned up the barn quickly.
While they were able to move the dirt and debris out, it was still just bare walls and stone floors.
After a brief meal, Rodregas headed over to the main house.
Rodregas admitted to himself that he was nervous.
The Dire Cats where magnificent beasts.
He had no desire to hurt them, and less to be killed by them; but was unsure of how they could share the farm with them.
Like the barn, the house was made of perfect cut stone that looked almost new; everything else had gone back to nature.
Rodregas circled around to the back where the stone steps led to the cellar.
He was sure that originally that there had had doors covering the entrance, but of course, they were long gone.
Rodregas smelled what he would find well before he came around the corner.
Next to the entrance was the corpse of a large bear which had recently been killed and partly eaten.
It had been a magnificent creature, the largest of the local black bears that he had ever seen.
Rodregas realized that it had been a Dire beast, drawn here by the safe magical energies.
Next to the dead bear were the two Dire Cats.
Rodregas had gone around the corner thinking they were in the cellar, but instead found himself no more than twenty feet from them.
He froze; the two cats seemed to be expecting him.
They both watched him with steady eyes.
One reached out with a huge paw and dragged the dead bear’s body closer.
Did it think he was here to steal it?
The danger of the Dire Cats was crystal clear.
He had not even heard them fighting, and yet they had killed a Dire Bear while Rodregas and the others slept!
The good news was that they both seemed very full, and if anything, had a sleepy look to them.
Rodregas guessed that he had awakened them from a nap.
Rodregas had to remind himself that he needed to develop an understanding with the lionesses.
Predators like them worked on a very simple alpha relationship; the strong ruled.
They were Dire beasts, but he was the equivalent of a Celestial Beast.
He was alpha; pound for pound Rodregas would be stronger and quicker than even these two beasts.
Of course, each animal seemed to weigh almost twice as much as he did.
Still, Rodregas knew with sudden clarity that he needed to establish himself as the one in charge.
If he did not establish his leadership, the next time the Dire Cats were hungry they would try eating one of his party, or at least one of the horses.
Rodregas walked over to the bear corpse and as he approached, both cats seemed to fully wake up and took on a crouch stance.
He pretended to ignore them and pulled one of his short swords out, in a casual way.
Rodregas kept his focus on the bear; he knew that lionesses in prides do most of the hunting and the alpha males simply ate after the kill was done.
He started to cut away a large chunk of the bear’s haunch to take back to the barn for their dinner.
One of the lionesses growled and bit down on the haunch not far from him.
His heart stopped for a moment.
Rodregas thought she was going to take his hand for a second.
With his free hand he made a fist and slammed the side of her head.
Not with all his strength, but still a serious hit.
She grunted and let go, growled and stepped over the bear’s body.
He slowly reached up, and using the full strength of his body, pushed hard on her muscular chest, pushing her away from the bear’s haunch.
He then ignored her and went back to cutting the haunch loose.
He waited but the two lionesses seemed to have gone from aggression to napping, with him missing the transition.
Slowly, Rodregas got up with his bear haunch and took it back to the barn.
He met the surprised look of Doi’van and Imeralda with a half smile, “I hope you like the taste of bear?” As he was unsure of how old the meat was, he immediately started a fire and started to cook it.
As he worked on preparing the fire he explained what had happened.
“Are you suicidal?” asked Imeralda in an angry voice.
“I know you felt they were not a danger, but to walk up and take the food from two Dire Cats?
That is just asking to be killed.” Her voice was unusually high pitched and she was shaking her head in disbelief.
“The Dire Bear must have been living in the cellar,” said Doi’van.
“I bet they actually had to go in and kill it there.
We probably did not hear the battle because it was underground.
They probably dragged it out after.
It is said that Dire meat makes you strong.
Not sure if that is true though.” His voice, in contrast to Imeralda’s, sounded completely normal.
“Don’t you care that he did something so stupid?” asked Imeralda.
“Well,” Doi’van replied slowly, “the cats are obviously connected to him due to his Celestial lion essence.
He freed them and now he has found a rich place for them to rear their young if they are pregnant from the mating.
But with beasts like that, you are either in charge or you are game.
I think that he probably did the right thing.
No way to know for sure, but they did not rip him apart, so we will say he was very brave and not very stupid.” Then he added, “Of course, if you had asked me before hand, I would have said that taking food from a Dire Cat was a very stupid idea.” He finished with a smile full of sharp teeth almost a match for the lions and in a casual movement lowered his horned head in what Rodregas thought might be his equivalent of a shrug.
The next morning they repeated the Morning Prayer and meditation ritual.
This time while Doi’van joined in, Imeralda mostly watched.
Afterwards Rodregas said to both, “I have been thinking that we are probably going to be here a few weeks while I finish healing up from the knife wound.
I want to make the most of the time.” Doi’van said, “I have a feeling that you have some sort of training in mind.” Rodregas nodded and said, “I have developed some bad habits the last few years; I know my technique is rusty and now my timing is all off with my new body.
I am not sure what your training backgrounds are, though.” He said, waving at Imeralda, who often of late was holding her Black Yew bow close with an intimacy that spoke more of a caress than holding a weapon, “Clearly, Imeralda likes the bow.” Rodregas continued, “Even though Imeralda plans to stay out of the middle of things, learning some basic hand-to-hand and sword fighting is a good idea.
Doi’van and I can spar with each other, which will help us get used to fighting against the sigil warriors of The Immortal Guard.
So, I think we should practice every morning until noon, then work to try to get the farm cleaned up during the rest of the day.
At dusk we can work again on our fighting technique.” Doi’van nodded and said, “Before we battle a group of Immortalists or The Immortal Guards, we need to get some decent armor and weapons.
They will have the finest equipment that the Guild sorcerers can make or buy.
While the two of us might be a match for most of the sigil warriors’ one on one, their equipment will make them hard to beat.” “I agree that has to be something we figure out,” Rodregas said, “but, I am actually thinking decent horses might be more important first.” “Horses?
How will that help us in battle?” asked Doi’van.
Rodregas responded, “Well, a true trained war horse can help directly, but what I am worried about is escaping after an attack.
Even if we have a successful raid against an Immortalist, we will need to be far away before a large group of The Immortal Guard can track us down.
The Immortal Guards, or at least their officers, use Dire Steeds.
If we are mounted on regular horses and they come after us on Dire Steeds, well, they will track us down and outnumber us the first time we strike.”  Doi’van nodded at that.
Rodregas had the impression that he had not thought of anything but the actual fight.
Imeralda said, “Ok, that is all fine.
You two need to find Dire Steeds and magic armor and weapons before you fight the Immortal Guards.
Good luck finding that up here in the mountains.
What I need, and I think you two do as well; is to practice magic.” Imeralda smirked at their expressions.
She continued, “Look, I am partly being selfish.
Once I have sufficient control, they cannot steal my magic.
So, while I don’t disagree that it would be a good idea for me to practice some fighting skills, I also think we should all think of practicing magic.” She paused and said in a flat tone that highlighted her seriousness, “The Immortal Guards are made of sigil warriors who have sacrificed their ability to cast magic spells for one or more permanent enhancements.
This makes them powerful warriors, but also limits their magic to the one or two sigil abilities.
We need some sort of counter to this advantage.
If we practice our magic every day, we should make a little progress even without any teachers or books.” She finished with an upturned eyebrow.
She seemed to think that Rodregas was going to challenge her statement, and argue that they should just focus on the martial training.
However, Rodregas had been a squire of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, one of the few orders that required magical learning of all its members and one of the few groups that knew the secrets of Sigil Searing, the permanent inscription of sigils onto one’s magic.
Unfortunately, the secret of sigil magic was given only to those who made knighthood.
Still, one had to learn enough magic to make the inscribing possible and that early training he had.
“I totally agree,” Rodregas said.
“I know only what is taught a squire of our Order, but that I am happy to share.
Hopefully, we can learn the basics from each other.
I also have a few books that I took from Ravenhurr’s library.
I was going to sell them, but if you want to look at them later and see if there are any that might be of use, you can check them out,” Rodregas said.
“Really, you have books on magic?” she asked with an eager tone.
"Can you show me now?” Rodregas hesitated; he did not want to show her the books right away.
Instead, he wanted to see what kind of training Doi’van had.
But he had never been able to turn down a beautiful woman.
“Sure,” he said walking back to the barn and the wagon.
Rodregas jumped on the back, making the wagon squeal in alarm at his weight, and opened ‘his’ trunk and pulled out the last blanket left in it, the one he had wrapped the books up in.
Rodregas unrolled the blanket on the back of the now mostly empty wagon showing the dozen books that he had saved from Ravenhurr’s library.
Imeralda reached out for one of the closest, but then stopped as her fingers touched them, as if a spark of lightning had hit her.
Obviously, she could feel that same power Rodregas had.
That was interesting.
She then ran her hand from one to the next until she had touched all twelve books.
Then, she looked up and her expression reminded Rodregas of some girl who had gotten the perfect mid winter gift that she had been dreaming of.
“These are not books on magic,” she said.
“These are Grimoires, several of them of great power.” “Really?” Rodregas said, “I was a squire who learned a little magic, but I really can’t say that I know the difference between a book of magic and a Grimoire.” Imeralda looked surprised and said, “Oh, you guys must depend on the oral tradition.
That is a hard way to learn.
The symbols and geometric figures that form a powerful spell are often too complex to learn from just the spoken word.” Rodregas cut in and clarified, “I mean, in the order we did read books on magic theory and history, but I never felt energy from them before.” Imeralda nodded, “Let me explain.
First, you have a lot more power now, and power calls to power.
So, you are a lot more sensitive to the power that the books have.
But what separates Grimoires from other books is that they are made like the stone walls of these buildings, by Nymphs.
It is thought that the original reason was simply to have books that would not rot over a period of centuries, but the nymph-created paper and leather can hold a faint imprint of magic.
“Each time that the sorcerers cast a spell from the book, it lightly engraved the pattern into the paige.
A mage can sense the previous patterns in the book.
The ability of such books to show the pattern of the spell means that even a mage who knows a spell by heart can cast it faster by using such a book.
It also means that such books are much sought after and never given up freely.
Grimoires are nearly never sold, unless the owner dies.” She paused to make sure they were both following her and then continued, “While the Grimoires are a great tool for quick and accurate casting of a spell, it is even more potentially useful for someone trying to learn magic.
Reading a regular book with the spell written down and trying to keep all the symbols and shapes just right in your head even as you fill the complex shape with power requires years to learn.
But a powerful Grimoire can quickly show you the shape and help you learn new spells in weeks, instead of years.
“Also, sorcerers, like all people, learn in different ways.
Some can quickly grasp a written idea where others will struggle to learn from a book.
Or, a magician who is also a gifted musician will understand the flow and pace of the spell much better, like a piece of music.
The most powerful Grimoires have had multiple users who are very different in their learning styles.
Books like these will allow you not to just learn the spells the best way for you, but in a much deeper, complex way.
Spells learned this way can be much more powerful than spells learned from either a regular book or the oral traditions.” “How powerful and complex do you think the books we have are?” Rodregas asked.
Imeralda smiled and seemed hesitant before saying, “I have no idea.
I have touched Grimoires, but I have never been allowed to read one before.” “Really?” Rodregas answered in surprise.
“Well, looks like we are going to have to start using these books,” he said.
Doi’van was clearly listening; his huge body very still, but he had not said anything.
“What do you say, Doi’van, are you ready to learn some magic?
I saw how you reacted to the ley line; you clearly have some power.” Doi’van tilted his head to me and said, “Really, do you think so?
I do feel something now and then, but I have never been tested.
People see me and how strong I am, they just assume I don’t have magic for some reason.” “Wish I had that problem,” Rodregas said.
“I mean before, people always used to assume I had neither brawn nor brains.” With a smile he added, “What do you say?
Shall the three of us set some time aside to teach each other what we know of magic and see what we can learn from these magic books of Ravenhurr’s?” he asked.
“No,” said Doi’van.
“I mean, yes, I would like to learn what you can teach me.
I like to learn,” he said slowly but carefully.
The big guy was embarrassed.
Then he added, “I am afraid my people are not big readers, and, well, they saw me as half-monster and I never learned how to read.” The last words he added very slowly, but then quickly added, “But if you can teach me some basics from the oral techniques that Imeralda mentioned, I would like to learn some magic if I can.” Rodregas looked at Doi’van; there was something about his expression, a yearning.
“Do you want to learn to read?” he asked.
“What do you mean?” Doi’van asked, stepping away from the other two like he was uncomfortable.
“Just what I said, would you like to learn to read?” Rodregas said in a carefully casual voice.
Doi’van responded, “We don’t have time for me to learn to read.
You should spend time practicing with these Grimoires.
It makes no sense to teach me to read when we are likely to see battle too soon for it to be helpful.” Doi’van’s voice, which was always deep, seemed to have gone down several octaves, such that the earth almost seemed to vibrate.
Somehow, while the conversation on magic Grimoires had been of interest to him, the idea of learning to read seemed to terrify him.
Rodregas knew the feeling of wanting something so much that you are afraid to accept it when offered, for fear of failing.
“Well,” Rodregas said, “I think it might come in handy to have you able to read.
And if we survive the summer and are holed up here all winter, you might be able to start reading some of these books by then.
I fear that I am not a very good teacher, but I have managed to teach a few soldiers over the years who wanted to learn.” At their nod Rodregas added, “After our noon meal, let’s plan on making it book time.
We don’t have a decent lamp to read by, so we will have to do it during the day.
We can start by teaching each other any basic magic we know.
Then I will work with you on learning to read while Imeralda starts going through these books to see if any of them have some simple stuff that we can work on.” Rodregas finished in his best sergeant’s voice.
It held a tone that let everyone simply know that a decision has been made.
Imeralda seemed glued to the books, but Doi’van and Rodregas went to work on cleaning up the rest of the barn.
They would not be able to do much more without getting some timber.
They all worked or read until it was too dark and than they fell asleep quickly.
The next morning, after they had finished Morning Prayer, Rodregas said, “Alright, are you two ready for a little fighting practice?” At their nod he added, “It is always good to start with the basics.
I thought we would go over some fighting forms.
Are you two familiar with learning forms, also known as Kata?” he asked.
He was expecting Imeralda to shake her head but was a little surprised that Doi’van did as well.
He clearly knew how to fight.
Rodregas started to explain, “Forms are a series of motions that mock fighting, but also give you an opportunity to work on balance and to visualize and understand your actions and responses to different fighting situations.
While strength and speed are important for any kind of fighting whether it is hand-to-hand or swords fighting, good technique is all about balance and center of gravity.
What you want to learn is to keep your center low and your balance strong even when you are tired and exhausted.” Doi’van had his normal interested expression, but Imeralda looked unconvinced.
“Ok,” he said, “time for an example.
Imeralda stand tall,” Rodregas stated.
She put her shoulders back, which caused her firm, rounded breast’s to thrust out.
Rodregas didn’t think she meant the gesture to be sexual, but he hesitated at the sight of her superbly shaped body.
Rodregas ignored his own rush of hormones and pushed her high on the shoulder and she stumbled back.
“Now,” he said, “lower your center of gravity.
Bend your legs, but keep them loose.” She followed his instructions, and he thought this would make her look less striking, but she went from a statuesque dancer to a crouching feline.
He breathed in through his nose and tried to ignore his newly youthful hormones.
This time when he pushed her shoulder she went back but did not stumble.
“See, you stayed in control.
You stumble in a fight and you are dead.
With your center low you have control.
You are ready to dodge and to strike back as needed.
Plus, you have leverage.
If you develop good foot work and keep them moving and you keep your center of gravity low, you can win against stronger but less-disciplined fighters.” They both nodded, for the moment convinced.
“Now watch and try to learn this basic form.” Rodregas stepped into position; his knees deeply bent, his hands loose but raised just below his shoulders.
He stepped forward and raised his left arm in a sweeping block and then he took another step and struck out in a swift blow to an imagined attacker with his right hand.
While he followed a set form in his mind, he also saw his invisible attacker and he struck like he was really there, his blow stopping only when they met the invisible attacker’s form.
After sharing a few basic blocks and strikes, he stopped and faced the other two again, and said, “Now, I will repeat that and then you two can take a turn.” Learning to fight through mastering one’s own form was new to both, and they struggled to follow his example.
Doi’van often over reached any possible opponent, while Imeralda’s movements had little of real strength or violence behind them.
She kept dropping her hands and leaving herself open to attack.
He restarted slowly going over the first form’s footwork, even the small moves caused his stomach wound to bleed and he guessed he probably needed to wrap it tighter after he was done.
Rodregas kept repeating the most basic form until he felt they were starting to get their center of gravity down, but keeping their feet free to move and their hands up ready to block.
He was enjoying teaching Kata, both for himself and because they were both eager students and learned quickly.
CHAPTER 8 THE TEST BEFORE THE TEST
Over the next few weeks Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda fell into a regular routine.
It quickly became clear that while Imeralda might not be a trained mage, she was far more knowledgeable than Doi’van or Rodregas in magic.
So, while Rodregas often led the training in the morning, she led during the afternoon.
Rodregas thought Doi’van was learning far more quickly than any of the squires that he had trained with as a teenager.
Doi’van looked like a daemonic nightmare, and he clearly loved to test his strength in battle, but he was an amazingly quick learner both with the forms and with the books.
Even though Doi’van could not read, Rodregas would read him some of the Grimoires, since they were the only books they had.
His insights and questions were insightful, and Rodregas realized that Doi’van’s intellect was greater than his own.
Two weeks into the routine the three were starting to get into the rhythm; they had moved into the old house and for not having a roof, it was pretty comfortable.
Though they had all claimed rooms of their own, they were all still sleeping in the living room, partly because of the fire they kept there and partly for the company.
They were surprised with visits by the two Dire Cats on a regular basis.
The first evening, when they were settling into the night, the two cats casually walked through the door.
The three of them froze while the two cats just sprawled out in casual comfort close to the fire.
One of the cats (Rodregas had not been able to tell the two apart yet) stretched over and started to rub her chin against Rodregas’ leg.
The power behind its head was such that it almost knocked him over.
He had seen small house cats make similar gestures, but it was disconcerting to have two powerful predators such as the Dire Cats being so friendly.
“I guess this means we are part of the pride,” said Imeralda, slowly reaching over and giving the other cat a tummy rub.
Rodregas held his breath, as the cat responded with its paws by stretching out, its claws popping free with the stretch.
They showed no signs of aggression, but just looking at the size of their claws, and then at Imeralda, made Rodregas want to jump over the Dire Cat and put his body in front of her.
Rodregas was fully aware of how one swipe of those claws would likely kill her.
Unlike the house cats that he was familiar with, Rodregas could see a kind of intelligence in their eyes.
He had the feeling they both knew to be careful with a fragile mortal, and they thought it was funny that he was so worried.
This scene repeated itself almost every night, and several times the cats also brought game they had killed into the farmyard.
Rodregas made a point of always taking a piece of the kill, as for some reason he felt this was expected as part of their adopted group.
Plus, it added fresh meat to their diet without the three having to go hunting.
After awhile he started to take the presence of the Dire Cats for granted and stopped worrying about the danger.
Several weeks later, came the first night where neither the cats nor Doi’van were in the room.
Doi’van was out messing with the well, Imeralda was reading one of the magic Grimoires by the fireplace.
Rodregas was supposed to be reading as well, but had lost his focus on the complex diagram and was just looking at Imeralda.
She was so beautiful, slim yet curvy.
Some of those curves were smooth muscle and some were pure female.
She seemed to have brought together two of the most attractive parts of the AElves and the Nymphs: the slim athletic body of the AElf with the full curves of a Nymph.
Her skin had a smooth, light golden brown color that often shined with sweat during their practices and looked so soft that it was hard not to reach out and touch it.
“Did you need something?” asked Imeralda.
Rodregas had not realized that she had noticed him watching her.
There was a tease to her voice and expression that said she knew what he was thinking and that she did not mind.
Rodregas was an experienced man but he was not sure if he had ever seen a woman as beautiful as her, much less thought that he ever had a chance with such a woman.
He had to smile, amused by his own reaction, as he felt his heartbeat speed up and a rush of heat.
He had not felt such hormonal surges in a long time.
He made a decision in his head.
He had carefully been a gentleman now for several weeks and had not tried anything with the beautiful half AElf, but her teasing expression left him an opening.
He decided to take advantage of it.
He spoke very slowly and carefully, letting her know that he knew what he was saying.
“Actually, I was looking at you, you are amazingly beautiful.
Your incredible eyes and hair, you are breathtaking.” Rodregas looked at her, his eyes going slowly over her entire body as he spoke.
Then he shifted his gaze toward Imeralda’s large green eyes.
As their eyes held he slid over to her, running the back of his hand across her cheek.
“You are so beautiful, your skin so soft,” Rodregas said.
“You are the complete woman; beautiful, intelligent, brave.” He reached down and placed his finger below her chin and raised it up to be equal in height to his.
“I have wanted you since I first saw you,” and with that straight forward statement, he reached down, and holding her face steady with his single finger, he slowly, softly kissed her.
For a moment she tried to pull away, but he kept the pressure of his finger steady and firm so she could feel his desire.
He made his lips eager but light, not too forceful.
He was strong and he let her feel his strength, but he also gave her plenty of leverage so that if she truly wanted to pull away she could.
He was making his desire clear, but the decision was hers.
He cared for her too much, and was so determined to walk the path of righteousness and he was determined to be very careful.
A younger man would have been in a hurry.
But Rodregas was lost in the softness of her lips, the look of her eyes, and the beauty of her spirit.
He wished he could make this moment last forever.
Rodregas believed that most women did not know if they were interested until a man makes his move.
It is something instinctive; there is a single moment when either it clicks or it does not.
The moment held unmoving, the dice were rolling; and she responded to his kiss, but did not sink into his arms.
She was making a hard decision.
Rodregas felt good that she must feel something to hesitate; the moment seemed to go on forever.
He drank in her smell.
Like her it was unique, something between a honey blossom and a ripe apple.
Like many things in life since he left Raven Keep, he cherished the feel, the taste, and the smell.
Then she broke away and whispered, “I am afraid.” Imeralda spoke so quietly that he could barely hear.
“I want to,” she paused and then continued her light whisper, “But being a half Nymph, half AElf means it is not easy to become involved with for a human.
I don’t want to hurt you.” He missed her taste as she pulled away, and he was surprised by what she said, but he also knew that he no longer wanted to live in fear.
“Shhhhh, it is all right.
With me you never have to worry, you never have to be afraid.” He was going to tell her that he would not hurt her, but since she seemed afraid that she would be the one hurting him, he held the comment back.
He just pulled her close again, but instead of a soft kiss he kept himself from touching her and simply looked deep into her eyes and thought about how much he appreciated her.
Rodregas let her feel how much he thought of her.
Only after he saw her eyes make a decision, did he slide his hands down her body and cup the small of her back and pull her into a kiss, but this time he let more of his passion and need show.
With his kiss her resistance evaporated and she went from hesitant to eager.
Her hands started pulling at his leather armor, eager to get him naked and feel his skin.
At her action Rodregas felt awkward.
This was not really his body that she wanted to touch; he was not really this young handsome man that she felt attracted to.
He wanted to pull away, but did not let himself.
He had initiated the intimacy, and it would not be fair of him to pull away because of his personal doubts.
“Easy,” Rodregas said, “I want to go nice and slow and enjoy every step.” They kissed again, this time eagerly exploring each other’s mouth and lips.
He ran his lips down the line of her chin.
Though he was trying to go slowly, they quickly found themselves naked.
He thought if he had let her, she would have jumped right on him and slid himself inside her.
Rodregas knew that Nymphs were legendary for their enjoyment of sex, but he was a little surprised at her eagerness.
She ran her hands and lips across his chest, seemingly fascinated by ‘his’ powerful musculature and smooth skin.
Once again Rodregas found himself pulling away from her touch.
He had never really had a woman that eager to touch him before.
Her eagerness to touch his body made him feel a little put off.
It was good to be touched, in fact, he craved it.
But her eagerness highlighted to him that the body she wanted to touch was not really his.
It was the body of Gerald, not Rodregas.
Her body was everything that he had thought it would be, both wonderfully hard and lush.
To say she was the most beautiful woman he had ever enjoyed touching was a ridiculous understatement.
Imeralda reached up to his neck and pulled herself up on top of his lap.
She wrapped her legs around him and hoisted herself up like she was climbing the trunk of a tree.
He had wanted to take his time and explore her with his hands and lips, but clearly she was in no mood for foreplay.
Rodregas in turn was in no mood to stop her now that his own passion was building, and there was no reason to think that they would not be repeating this experience.
There would be other times to explore her.
Now was time to give in to their most primal needs.
For one last moment he held her back, slowing her movements.
He was a little worried that she would have trouble handling his size, but she literally started bouncing on his lap and his own groans joined hers and he stopped thinking and gave himself to the pleasure of the moment.
Afterwards, well… after several afterwards, they were curled up on her mattress.
Rodregas was very happy he had salvaged the mattress from Captain Poir.
He had had no way to know that the mattress was going to come in so handy.
He lay there with Imeralda's head laying on his shoulder and her body half draped on his own and half on the mattress, he was thankful that Doi’van had clearly heard what was going on.
Rodregas assumed he must have slept back in the barn.
Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.
Rodregas had suggested to Imeralda that they should stop in case Doi’van walked in, but she had shown no signs of caring and quickly took the thought away from him with her actions.
Rodregas wanted to ask her what this encounter had meant, but he knew that while such questions were natural they were never helpful.
Two people fresh from their first lovemaking were in no place to talk about a relationship.
Rodregas had made a promise to the gods and though she was the most amazing woman in the world, still he would do his duty.
He tried to find the right thing to say.
Rodregas looked down at her with her head on his shoulder and her pile of auburn curls spread equally over both their naked bodies.
Her long hair covered a lot of the two of them but really hid nothing.
He met her large green eyes and said, “You amaze me.
I knew you were brave and courageous, but now I know where your true magic talent is...” He looked at her eyes as he spoke and even when he smiled at his own words, he let her see the sincerity of what he said.
The main rule of flattery with women is to never lie.
It was a lesson taught to Rodregas by a lost love, and one that had served him well over the years.
Most women can always tell a lie, especially in such a moment of connection as the talk after good sex.
Luckily, even with far more normal women there is always something good you can say; with Imeralda he could have gone on for hours.
Imeralda’s eyes lit up in pleasure and humor at his words but, of course, he was careful to say nothing of the future, nothing of love.
Such talk would serve no purpose and would likely ruin the moment.
To his surprise she also kept such thoughts to herself.
The rest of the night, the two lovers spent quietly connected and at peace, but they shared few words.
In the morning after meditation, Doi’van pulled forth two wooden staves that he had cut and said with a smile and an exaggerated wink, “Apparently you are healed up from your wound now, so I think it is time to stop with these making of shadows like children and time for some more physical training.” As he finished speaking he tossed Rodregas one of the staves.
“With my people we teach our children to fight using the staff.
It is hard to kill someone by accident with a staff, but you can still deliver pain.
The avoidance of pain is a great way to teach someone to be nimble and quick.
My war masters at the palace would say you two are too old to learn the staff, but it is the way that I know.” “Sir Paladin,” he said to Rodregas, imposing the unearned honor title.
“I assume with your training from all your ex-knights that you know how to use the staff?” As Doi’van spoke he looked at how Rodregas was holding the staff.
“Fight with a staff?” Rodregas responded in surprise.
“No, can’t say that I ever have.
The weapons of the Knight are the sword, the mace, the lance and the bow.
Those are the weapons of a warrior,” he stated.
“And what do you do when facing a warrior in full plate armor?” asked Doi’van.
“Even chain mail can stop an arrow or the edge of a sword.
And while a mace is great against chain, crushing your opponent and breaking their bones, such tactics take far too long against plate armor.” Rodregas was not sure what to say to that question.
The mace or the war hammer was, of course, the weapon of choice against all well armored opponents.
Doi’van was right, edged weapons were not of much use against a full set of plate armor.
That is why knights or others who could afford the cost wore all that metal.
Rodregas had to shrug; he had no answer other than an extended fight with the mace that often did not end until one or the other was too tired and battered to defend themselves.
Doi’van nodded at Rodregas expression of confusion, “My clan is known as the greatest warriors there are against heavily armored opponents because we are masters of the halberd.
With a halberd we can quickly dismount an armored warrior, knock him to the ground and then, with the leverage provided by the halberd…” He swung his staff and acted like he was holding down a foe with his left foot.
He made a savage two-handed thrust downward, “...we can pierce his armor and win the battle quickly.” Rodregas nodded.
He was not sure what this halberd weapon was; Rodregas assumed it was some sort of spear from the way Doi’van was holding the staff.
Rodregas did not see how a spear could do what Doi’van was suggesting, but since Doi’van had been up for learning the Kata, he would be willing to learn how to fight with a long piece of wood.
Doi’van then stepped forward and started swinging the staff with such mastery as to make it beautiful.
The staff was but a blur as it whirled in one hand and then the other, behind his back, over his shoulder.
It was a dance.
Rodregas had seen a few sword masters fight; and it was like this.
The staff moved faster and with more control that one could follow.
Doi’van finished the exhibition with the staff swinging over his shoulder and with a savage swing downward, ending with perfect control where it would have connected with a fallen opponent.
Rodregas almost pointed out that he was doing Kata, practicing against an opponent only seen in your mind, but decided that this was the time for him to learn and Doi’van to teach.
Rodregas had long ago learned that it was hard to learn if you were talking.
Over the next hour Rodregas began to regret his decision to learn.
Doi’van was clearly a master with the staff which Rodregas could not help but be impressed by.
In the Eastern Realms, and every other kingdom that he knew of, the staff was a peasant weapon.
As many lords only allowed swords to be for their soldiers and nobility.
Farmers and crafts people were not allowed to own edged weapons of war.
Though Rodregas had known such rules to be broken by non-noble families, it was done discretely, usually for keeping a family heirloom.
During the fairs that most rural areas had fighting contests were common, but they were always matches of wrestling or bare knuckle fighting.
The only weapons allowed the local workers were the staff and sometimes the bow.
Rodregas had always regarded the staff as a primitive weapon which no true warrior would bother with, but to watch Doi’van with it was breathtaking.
The staff whirled around him a blur, and the length of the weapon made full use of his height and size.
But he also had complete control of the weapon as he highlighted that morning by whizzing past Rodregas’ clumsy blocks and bruising every part of his body until even the smallest movement hurt.
Rodregas was used to being better trained than others, but with the staff he was starting from scratch; even holding it properly was new to him.
Doi’van showed him to keep one hand at the center of the staff and one hand between the center and the end.
One always gripped the staff in thirds.
When it was held horizontally in front, the right palm faced away from the body and the left hand faced the body, enabling the staff to rotate.
The power for generated strikes was held by the backhand pulling the staff, while the front hand was used for guidance.
When striking the wrist is twisted, the same as when one turned the hand over when punching.
Rodregas’ eyes were quickly opened to the weapon and it was fun to learn something so new, but he was much worse for the lesson.
After lunch he limped over to the great oak which they sat under most days for their magical training and reading.
Imeralda was off in the trees taking care of nature’s business.
As the two settled down he broached the subject on his mind.
“Doi’van, are you mad at me?
Is this something to do with me and Imeralda… getting together last night?” Rodregas asked.
“What do you mean?” Doi’van asked clearly surprised.
“No, I can’t say it is a good idea.
Mixing more than casually with Nymphs always leads to problems, but it is not my problem.
In fact,” he said with a careful glance around him.
“I would have jumped at the chance myself.” “I am probably too ugly by both AElf and Nymph standards for her to be interested.
Then again, you know Nymphs; they are naturally polyamorous and very sexual.
It is a shock that she was not already sexually involved with one or both of us already.” Doi’van added, “Maybe her AElf blood means she does not have as strong a sex drive as most Nymphs since AElven marriage bonds are always monogamous.
By the Celestial gods she is half AElf and half Nymph, who knows what to expect.
Humans and Orqui are both in the middle of their two extremes and becoming emotionally involved with either always ends with heartbreak.” Doi’van’s deep voice was just stating a fact, if an unpleasant one.
Rodregas nodded, he agreed but he was not the young man he looked.
“I do understand that, and I expect nothing from her.”  He smiled and said, “But I do plan to enjoy what we do have for as long as it lasts.” “And when she takes other lovers?” Doi’van asked.
Rodregas responded with the only answer he had, “I will do my best to handle it and not get jealous,” he said.
Rodregas knew it would be hard, but he was a hard man and he would have to manage.
Doi’van nodded, then glanced over to see Imeralda walking over with several of the Grimoires and he added, “I was not angry, in fact, by my people’s standards I was being very easy on you since you are human and can’t handle pain like an Orqui.
Without pain, you will not reach your potential for quickness and reflexes.
On the practice field such quickness means fewer bruises.
On the battle field such reflexes means life and death.” Rodregas nodded, his words held the ring of truth, but he was not looking forward to days of practices and days full of bruises.
The pattern of their days changed.
Now after prayer and meditation came first the practice of the Kata, and then the staff and then finally the books.
The true change came in the evening, the nights were full of such pleasure and joy such as Rodregas had seldom known in his life.
The rest of summer passed as the most joyful that he had known, as the three started to the Kata and the staff.
After the staff they moved to the bow where Imeralda became the master.
To use the magical Black Yew bows required learning a spell to merging with the bow.
The spell was unlike anything Rodregas had learned.
Imeralda said it was seldom taught to non-nymphs, though Ravenhurr had known the spell and taught a few of the guards with a touch of the talent.
Using the bows was a matter of sending your innate power into the wood and singing with it.
Not singing out loud, but making the power vibrate and move in a rhythm that matched the wood.
When that magical rhythm was reached, the bow suddenly became almost fluid and moved nearly of its own volition.
The arrows flew with incredible force and accuracy.
The only problem was that the three could not practice freely as the arrows sometimes shattered on impact, as they flew with such force.
Doi’van quickly mastered the spell and the use of the bow.
Rodregas, on the other hand, struggled to learn the artistry of the spell.
One afternoon, a few days after Doi’van had mastered the spell, Rodregas stood there with the bow trying hard to both find the rhythm of the spell and shoot the weapon.
Imeralda stood next to him, her hand lightly touching the bow as she tried to figure out why he was still struggling with the mastery of the weapon.
Rodregas reached down into himself, to that place that held his magic.
Though Rodregas had never had much power, he had always enjoyed using his “itch” (as he had always called it) to do small things.
Using his magic now was a very different experience.
Whereas before it had been calming, requiring him to call forth his little bit of power, now he held a whirling tornado of energy.
It was not a matter of having enough; it was a matter of having almost too much power that overwhelmed the simple spell.
Rodregas breathed in, trying to keep his mind empty but for the shape and vibration of the magic, as he fed a small amount into the bow.
For a second he had it.
The bow responded and Rodregas was able to pull the bow back, but the moment was quickly gone.
The bow bounced back into its regular shape and his arrow shot up and floundered in the air before falling to earth.
Where both Imeralda and Doi’van had nailed the dead tree in the exact center, his arrow was closer to the barn then the target.
Unfortunately, the barn was in the opposite direction.
Rodregas heard a few unkind chuckles from the other two at his shot.
“I don’t understand it,” he said.
“Why do I have so much trouble controlling my magical power now?
I know I have a lot more power, but you both have lots of power as well, yet I can’t seem to control it.” The frustration in his own voice was clear.
“Could you feel anything?” Rodregas asked Imeralda.
“No.” she responded.
“Your power is strong and untamed, in flavor more like Doi’van’s power than a nymph’s or AElf’s, but Doi’van can master the spell.
I think the problem is that for all of your life your power was weak but easy to control.
A mage born of power learns to control it at an early age.
You never had to learn any control; your power was so weak that you always struggled simply to have enough power to do anything with it.” “Ok, I never learned proper control; the spells I learned as a squire were small weak things.
But, can I learn control now?”  Rodregas asked.
“Of course,” she responded.
“But it will probably be harder and slower than if you were learning earlier in life.
It requires relearning something that is almost an instinct at this point in your life.
Part of the problem is that the spell to activate the magic in the bow is just very different than anything you have probably done before.” Rodregas knew she was speaking the truth.
He had never thought he was going to be some powerful mage.
The fact that Doi’van had so easily learned the spell just reminded him of how many times in his life he had failed to have the ability to succeed in things that he really wanted.
Rodregas’ new body was very gifted, but it was still mortal and some things he would just not be able to do as well as others.
In some ways this was reassuring, a connection to his past.
“Can I ask you a question?” she asked.
Rodregas smiled and said, “of course, what?” “Have you thought of trying to become a sigil warrior?
You are a very powerful magician now.
You could probably take one or even two of the greater sigils and still have more power than you had before, and as a warrior the enhancement from the sigil would make you an even more powerful fighter.” Rodregas nodded, “I have thought about it.
In fact, I am sure given the opportunity that I would take on one of the greater or several of the lesser sigils.
I am a warrior first, not a mage.
Of course, leaving a little magic left over would be great if I can, but you never really know until after the searing.” Rodregas paused and then added, “The problem is that only two groups in the Eastern Realms have the knowledge to do the searing.
The first, of course, is the Guild of the Celestial Path.
I think we all agree they are not sharing it with me soon,” Rodregas continued with a smile.
“And the second is the Knightly Order of the Soaring Heavens, who are reported to have the greatest collection, and they only let their knights be seared.
I don’t think they are going to be sharing anytime soon either.” Imeralda looked at Rodregas.
She knew that the Order of the Soaring Heavens was the order that Rodregas had belonged to as a squire, but his taking on of another’s body was anathema to the teaching of the order.
Rodregas was an Immortalist in fact, if not a member of the Guild, and he was pretty sure most of the knights would kill him if they found out his story.
“But don’t some wizards have the secrets for some of the lesser sigils?” asked Doi’van, joining the conversation.
“I thought a lot of them used ones that help wizards not to grow old.” “That is true,” said Imeralda with a shrug.
“A healing sigil is why wizards live so long.
It is considered by most to be the moral choice instead of the Immortalists’ answer for long life.” “What about you Doi’van?” Rodregas asked.
“Imeralda says that you are almost as powerful as me as a magician.
If we found a way, would you like to take on some of the power of the sigils?” he asked.
Rodregas had expected an immediate response, but instead his question was followed by a long pause before Doi’van answered.
Rodregas had learned that Doi’van thought before speaking.
“I am not sure.
I like learning magic, though I am just beginning.
I would think that I would take on a minor sigil or two.
I am a great warrior, but I like to learn new things and I would like to have sufficient magic to be able to learn spells.” Rodregas nodded.
Doi’van’s response would have surprised him before, but he had learned much of the thoughtful Hellborn in their time together.
When one looked at him and how powerfully built he was, it was incredible to imagine what he could do on the battlefield with a greater sigil added to his power.
He would be a true daemon on the battlefield.
But while Doi’van loved his strength, he also loved his intelligence.
In comparison, Rodregas was less interested in exploring learning as he was about what he could do as a warrior and carrying out his duty.
“Well,” Rodregas said, “I don’t think we are going to have any options for sigils for now.
Let us continue to learn what we can of battle and of magic.
If we are lucky we can worry about more if we survive our first strike at the Immortalists.” The next morning, during his meditation, Rodregas realized that it was time for action.
He realized that if they continued simply to hide out in the farmhouse, winter would come and travel would be much more difficult.
As he knelt on the ground examining the new color of the trees, he knew that it was now time to strike.
CHAPTER 9 INTO THE FIRES
Six days later the three of them found themselves ready to cross the Old Princess Road.
Imeralda had been scouting ahead and she signaled for the two men to stay back in the trees.
As a half Forest Nymph she seemed to be able to disappear into the forest.
Rodregas quickly learned how she had been able to track him from Raven Keep.
While she claimed that other Forest Nymphs had far better skills, Rodregas had never seen anyone to match her abilities.
They had taken the three horses back up the trail where any sounds they made would not be heard from the road.
Then Doi’van and Rodregas had found some cover that still gave a good view of the road.
They sat on the ground and waited until Imeralda signaled that something was coming.
Rodregas neither heard nor saw any activity and his physical senses were far more accurate than when he had been a young man.
His guess was that her connection with the forest had somehow warned her that something was coming.
Doi’van and Rodregas looked at each other as they squatted down in the shrubs.
Doi’van had one of the Black Yew bows out, with arrows at hand, if needed.
It would not be surprising if a patrol of the Immortal Guard would be on the road.
The road was the main route from the port city of Chrisana Stone to the Menagerie of Sky, Earth and Water; the slave city run by the Immortalist Taiga.
Most likely what Imeralda sensed was simply a trade caravan running a regular route from Chrisana Stone to any of several of the Eastern Realms cities.
If it was a light scouting patrol of just two or three guards that was coming; it would be the best case scenario for them to take on some Immortalist Guards and gain better weapons, armor and horses.
Of course, if it was a slave caravan then they would simply sit and watch, as it would be suicide to do anything against a full patrol.
Rodregas heard a rustle in the brush and glanced over to make sure it was just a squirrel or the like.
He started to jump up as a humanoid shape appeared out of the trees, until he saw that it was just Imeralda.
She seemed to be paying less attention now to stealth as she was to speed.
From Imeralda’s expression Rodregas knew it was something more dangerous than a trade caravan coming down the road.
Imeralda squatted down next to them and whispered, “A slave caravan is coming; it’s small but they have a score of guards.
We need to back up before they get here.” “We have good cover here,” he whispered back, “let’s check them out as they pass.
They are probably going to stop at Stallion’s Perch.” After much debate between the three of them Stallion’s Perch was their destination, a small keep that was known to breed Dire horses for the Immortal Guard.
“We can’t,” responded Imeralda with a whisper.
“They are traveling with a patrol of Immortal guards.
I think there are only four, but scout patrols often have a warrior with a minor sigil of enhanced senses.
He might spot us.” As she spoke Rodregas noticed that Imeralda had a strange expression on her face, she was scared, but also seemed sad.
“What kind of slaves do they have?” Rodregas asked in a gentle voice.
Her body jerked more directly toward him, surprise covering her sad expression for a second.
“Mixed, of course, human, AElfin.
But, Rodregas, they have Forest and Earth Nymphs and several are children.
I was raised among AElfin, but these are my people.
I wish we could do something.“ Rodregas nodded his understanding and said, “I wish we could, but the three of us against a score, the chances of our success is far smaller than the chances of our death.” He stated in the ‘matter of fact’ sergeant voice that he knew people would follow.
Rodregas stood up and started to turn, but while Doi’van stood he faced the road and he said, “I have been on this road before, though I did not know then that it was called ‘The Princess Road.’ To me it was a road of sorrow.” Doi’van was using that flat voice that he used when stating facts.
“Rodregas, you said our odds are bad, but how long shall we wait for the odds to be good?” Doi’van’s voice dropped the flat tone and started to sound like rocks groaning deep in the earth, as if a great earthquake was coming, “You believe that a god of the Celestials is behind your survival and that this god wants to see us fight the Immortalists.
I spent two years of my life in the Menagerie, I swore to myself that given a chance I would see no others be enslaved by the Lord Taiga.” Doi’van continued speaking with the same tone as if the earth shook, “I know these caravans.
The guards will be mostly badly trained human scum armed in leather and with weapons of simple steel.
The Immortalist scouts are another matter.
They will be highly trained but still the lowest of the Immortal Guards, mostly with just one or two of the lesser sigils such as strength or one that gives him enhanced senses.
Against the three of us, a Forest Nymph with a powerful Black Yew bow and a Hellborn Prince of the Orqui and a warrior empowered with a Celestial Lion, are the odds truly that bad?” Rodregas stood still, surprised by Doi’van’s words.
In truth he did not know how good or bad their odds were.
He knew they were not good, but his mind did not spin with the odds.
He simply focused on the rightness of Doi’van’s words.
Trying to attack an armed keep probably had far worse odds, and for what?
So that they could steal horses; so that they could better their odds to escape a future fight?
Here, if they succeeded, the three would not be stealing horses, they would be freeing people from slavery.
Rodregas looked into Doi’van’s eyes.
He was resolute.
Rodregas felt humbled at the man’s bravery, at his passion, at his strength.
Rodregas knew there was no such thing as a hero,  simply people that sometimes choose to do the right thing when it was a hard choice.
There was no question for Doi’van, he simply stood quiet and ready.
He knew what the right thing was, and he therefore took the right action.
Rodregas was not Doi’van’s equal in spirit, but he knew that though he would likely die that he could not turn away from the Hellborn’s example.
Rodregas then turned to Imeralda, her eyes told a different story.
She both wanted to run fast and far and she wanted to try to free the Nymphs.
Simply stated, she was scared.
She was young, barely more than a girl, and not a trained warrior.
She was also much more fragile than either Doi’van or Rodregas; a blow that would only stun the two of them would shatter her.
Her incredible magic power would do her little good in a stand up battle.
For all of that she gave a nod; she was willing to follow his lead.
If he wanted to attack, she would follow them.
How could someone so young and inexperienced be so brave?
How could he not honor such bravery?
Rodregas looked into Imeralda’s eyes.
She had been watching him.
There was no need for words, no argument.
The decision was made, they only need direction.
Any hope for success laid in playing to their strength.
Rodregas said, ”Doi’van, you stay here and use the bow.
You start from the middle of the caravan as soon as you feel comfortable, and focus on the slavers.
If you get a free shot at an Immortal Guard, take it, but we need to reduce the numbers against us.” “Imeralda, you need to stay away from the close-in fighting.
Get as far back as you can and still be able to see and shoot into the road.
You will focus on the front of the caravan and also focus on the regular slavers.
Don’t start shooting until Doi’van does, hold steady until they get close and then use your Forest Nymph skills to fade back into the trees well away from the fighting.” Then he said very carefully, so she would understand, “Don’t get yourself killed.
But if you can stop and turn, take a few more shots.
If they again turn and charge, you run and don’t stop running.
Forget the horses; you will be much harder to track without them.” He was about to ask Imeralda how long until they would arrive, when Rodregas started to hear noises from up the road.
The party carrying the captives had arrived.
Rodregas held a finger to his lips and waved Imeralda deeper into the trees.
With any luck she would be safe; it was hard to catch a Forest Nymph who was trying not to be found in the trees.
Doi’van stepped partly out of the shrubs and got behind a tree to give him cover against return fire.
There was a good-size tree not far in front of the two of them.
Rodregas put his back to it and drew his two short swords and then did the most difficult thing he could do in this situation.
He looked at Doi’van and not at the caravan.
There was no need for both of them to be peeking around the trees at the caravan, though he desperately wanted to get a good look at the caravan to establish their odds.
The dice had been rolled.
Rodregas had been learning to trust Doi’van and knew his life was now in Doi’van hands.
If Imeralda had missed something critical and they should not attack, it was for Doi’van to catch.
Rodregas watched Doi’van, watched for him to raise the bow and start the fight.
When the guards charged in to stop the shooting, then it would be his turn to strike.
Rodregas would have to take on as many of the slavers and guards as possible.
It would do little good to get caught up in a one-on-one battle; the odds were too many against them.
He had to use his new strength and speed and go after multiple targets.
Rodregas focused on his breathing, he needed his body ready.
He rested his body against the tree, trying not to tense up, and breathed deep and slow.
Quicker than he thought, Doi’van’s black bow came up and he started to shoot.
The Black Yew bows were an incredible advantage, they had been the pride of Raven Keep and were among the most dangerous and rare weapons that the Nymphs used to protect themselves.
Those bows had primarily been ornamental trophies for Ravenhurr; Rodregas thought that they symbolized a previous victory.
Only a few of the guards would have had the power to use them and Ravenhurr kept guards with even small power away from the keep.
Against the leather armor of the slavers there would be no defense, even if they had shields; the arrows would likely blast through anything they had.
Of course, against the Immortalist guards it was a different matter; their armor would stop the arrows.
And, of course, their weapons would be equally effective against his armor, going through it like butter and into his flesh if he was not fast enough.
Depending on their sigils, they were likely to be either faster or stronger or both.
But Rodregas’ short swords would not cut their armor.
It put them at an extreme disadvantage.
As the arrows flew over his head, he became aware of the other disadvantage of bows.
They were dealing with a limited supply of arrows; once the arrows where all shot, they lost their main advantage.
Rodregas heard the noise of the first soldier to rush from the road; he went low and swung hard.
Rodregas hit knee high and the man trying to run by went flying head first into the dirt.
Rodregas knew from the feel of the blow that his sword had hit armor and bounced off.
It was an Immortal Guard.
Doi’van shot another arrow almost straight down into the back of the neck of the downed guard.
The man thrashed once and then laid still.
The second body flew by in a blur.
With such swiftness, Rodregas reasoned, he must have a sigil of speed.
He headed right for Doi’van and was behind Rodregas before he could do anything.
Doi’van must have seen him coming from his position and he dropped his bow and pulled his great sword.
The guard must have been thinking “Forest Nymph” due to the nature of the archery attack from the forest because he was unprepared for the strength of the blow.
Like the one Rodregas had hit, the sword failed to cut armor.
The guard, with the speed of his sigil, blocked it.
But he blocked it sword to sword instead of using the momentum and speed to simply guide the sword away from his body.
The resulting blow had an unpleasant sound and cut right through Doi’van’s sword.
Unfortunately for the guard, Doi’van stepped forward as he swung and jammed the lower half of the sword into his opponent’s chest.
The guard flew into the bushes with a sickening crunching sound.
Rodregas next heard the sound of another of the enemy and spun into the sound using all his speed and strength, hoping to take a guard with either advantage.
His target proved to be a slaver.
He had a ragged beard and held a small battle axe.
Rodregas’ sword blow was too fast for the guard to block and had the strength to stun a guard wearing regulation armor.
His sword cleaved the guard in half, and a gout of blood and gore splattered him.
Rodregas pulled his sword free and spun away from the mess.
As he came to rest the sound of arrows was quiet, part of his mind knew that Imeralda was backing deeper into the forest.
As he cleared the mess he had made of the last slaver, Rodregas came face to face with an Immortal Guard.
Behind him were two more slavers.
The Immortal Guard wore the classic half plate of regulation Immortal Guard armor: A full suit of Mithril chain covered with a breastplate and leg guards and vambraces for the forearms.
His head was covered with a half helm.
His Mithril was shining in the sun.
His breast plate was solid dark Night Bronze.
The middle of his breastplate had the symbol of the Immortalists, an eagle soaring up into the clouds.
In his left hand was the regulation one handed long sword of the guard.
In his right he held a small round shield.
The shield did not give much coverage against bows and arrows, but was light and great for blocking hand-to-hand attacks.
Rodregas swung his short swords in slow circular motions and slowly backed up.
The two slavers behind the guard apparently had been impressed with the violence so far and stayed in the safety behind the guard instead of separating to each side of him.
One of the slavers was human, the other a small Orqui or maybe a half breed.
The human held a long sword, the Orqui a mace.
Rodregas tried to think of a trick, but nothing came to mind.
“I have to strike quickly before the odds get even worse.
When nothing tricky comes to mind, work on the basics,” Rodregas thought.
He stepped in closer and attacked, swinging one sword in a slashing forward swing and following up with a backhanded half slash that flowed into a half block.
Neither was meant to do anything but feel this opponent out.
The guard swung to try to meet his sword with his own instead of going after him.
His sword lacked the shine of the “true silver” of Mithril.
Instead it had the cast of blue steel, an enchanted steel / Mithril alloy.
It was as strong as Mithril, but had more weight to it and held a better edge.
Rodregas backed up, not wanting to see the results of his sword matched against a blue steel sword, as it would likely result in his short sword becoming shorter.
Rodregas then stepped forward, he had to be careful though, he was a good foot taller than his opponent.
The guard’s long sword gave him better reach.
Rodregas swung at him and retreated.
The two shared several blows.
The third time that he retreated after taking a blow, the guard went for the kill.
The guard extended his whole body out in a lunge, thrusting his long sword out to its full length.
The guard saw Rodregas’ braided leather armor and steel sword and thrust with the point.
The lunge was perfect, the guard went for dead center, and even though Rodregas had been waiting for a similar move, the thrust almost caught him off guard.
The guard had only one problem, one that he could not have anticipated.
Rodregas had been taking easy swings, not revealing his true speed.
Once the guard committed, Rodregas brought both of his swords down and met the lunging blade.
Rodregas could not meet his sword edge to edge, but it was thrusting out and he caught it and pushed it down and to the left.
At the same time he moved his body to the side and in close.
Rodregas then dropped his right sword as he kept his left engaged, pushing the blue steel sword away.
Rodregas moved in and thrust out with his open hand with a speed the guard simply could not match nor have expected.
Rodregas had the guard’s throat in his grasp before his opponent knew what was happening.
The guard was not a big man and with his celestial strength Rodregas simply picked him up and squeezed.
Rodregas felt the guard’s neck give under his grip.
Before the slavers could react, Rodregas went from lifting him up to driving him down into the ground.
Adrenaline was surging and suddenly Rodregas had a bloody mess in his hand.
The guard was very dead.
Rodregas let go of the broken neck and stood quickly, trying to clear himself of the gore.
Both slavers looked shocked at what had happened and Rodregas moved quickly to take advantage of their surprise.
He went to the right and slammed his remaining sword into the Orqui.
The slaver grunted with pain and surprise at his quick change of targets.
Rodregas’ short sword caught him in the shoulder.
The guard half fell and half stumbled away to safety.
Rodregas turned to the final slaver and saw fear in his eyes.
Then Rodregas looked around and saw that he was no longer facing just one remaining opponent, but now faced four including another Immortal Guard and three more slavers.
He had hoped they could pick off enough with the Black Yew bows to keep odds like this against them.
Rodregas glanced to the ground hoping to see the previous guard’s blue steel long sword.
It would do a lot to give him at least a chance against these odds, but it was nowhere to be seen.
The dead guard’s small shield, though, was near his feet.
Rodregas quickly grabbed it as he made some room and switched his short sword to his right and the shield to his left.
This time they spread out and started to circle.
Rodregas took a chance before they got too close and glanced over at Doi’van.
In one of those weird moments that happen in battle, he saw the path between them was open.
He was also backing up, surrounded by three more foes.
“At least they are all slavers.” Rodregas thought.
Rodregas scooted back and said, “Back to back.” Doi’van gave a grunt of acknowledgement, and they faced in opposite directions.
They were quickly surrounded.
Another final Immortal Guard stepped into the circle, increasing the odds against them.
Both had long swords and small shields and were dressed in the Mithril and Night Bronze half plate of the regular guard.
The four slavers had mismatched armor; two had short swords and there was one each with an axe and a mace.
The men circled them, but did not seem eager to move in.
During the pause Doi’van spoke in a low growl, “All this, and can you believe there is not a decent sized Immortal Guard in the lot.
When we finish with them I will never fit in that armor.” Rodregas smiled at the disgust in the Hellborn’s tone and the confidence that it implied.
“True,” Rodregas replied, “but it is pretty.
And I would love to be facing them with one of those blue steel swords.” “Now don’t go lowering your standards, blue steel and night bronze?
Good enough for the common soldier, but I fancy something a little more distinctive.” Rodregas was about to ask him what he had in mind when they found out why they had been waiting; two more slavers came up with drawn bows.
They were going to take them from a safe distance.
Doi’van and he needed no words; they both knew only instant action gave them a chance.
Rodregas would like to have tried to take on one of the Immortal Guards, but he had already noticed that the slaver with the mace was a little too close and a little too far away from his nearest companion.
He was a skinny man with dirty hair and seemed to be having trouble holding his heavy weapon.
Rodregas stepped in close and the slaver swung the mace with surprising force, but he met it with the shield and knocked it aside.
Rodregas moved with simply too much speed to be blocked.
He slid the short sword into the slaver’s stomach and gutted him in a quick and vicious move.
Doi’van immediately launched himself at the next slaver, and followed suit, slamming his opponent’s sword away and gutting him before he had a chance to move.
Rodregas then went for the nearest Immortal Guard.
Once again he followed up with the same move, stepping forward and slamming his shield forward to either knock his opponent’s weapon or knock the guard himself down.
Unfortunately, when Rodregas hit this guard he matched his every move for move.
The guard responded, slamming shield against shield.
Rodregas had gotten too comfortable with his opponents not being able to match his strength.
This guard did.
The Immortal Guard had already launched himself forward and Rodregas’ own speed worked against him.
As Rodregas’ short sword hit nothing but air, he felt the sharp agony of the guard’s blade piercing his thigh.
Rodregas used his speed to throw himself back.
But as he did, he felt another sharp cut hit his upper arm.
The other men were moving in now that he was off balance.
Rodregas twisted as he fell and grabbed one of the slavers and brought him down.
With a quick stab into his groin, Rodregas took the slaver out of commission.
Rodregas rolled off his squirming body and threw himself up to a standing position.
He almost immediately went down again as his wounded thigh buckled under him.
Rodregas saw the Immortal Guard who had stabbed him, a stocky man with large arms.
He was coming in carefully, shield up, sword in position.
Rodregas made up his mind not to underestimate him despite being severely wounded.
Rodregas struggled back up and spread his feet wide for balance and locked his legs straight to try to keep them from buckling under him.
He felt cold and knew he was losing blood fast.
Rodregas knew that this was probably it.
They had gambled and lost, there were just too many of them.
But he did not want to die without taking out the Immortal Guards first.
If he killed the slavers and the guards, there was a good chance that the slaves could escape.
If Rodregas and his group died without taking the slavers and guards out, then they would have died in vain.
Rodregas hoped Imeralda would get away.
His shoulder jerked to the left, and he guessed that he had been hit by an arrow.
Rodregas threw himself toward the last guard.
He blocked the sword blow with his borrowed shield but did not have the angle to avoid a direct impact.
The sword sliced through the shield and Rodregas jerked his arm back fearing that he would lose it.
Rodregas managed to get in close and, abandoning his useless short sword, grabbed his opponent’s shield and pulled him in.
The guard tried to shrug him off, his bearded face looked afraid.
His eyes, a light blue, stared at Rodregas with revulsion.
He was probably wondering how Rodregas could be strong enough to take on an Immortal Guard.
Rodregas knew from the guard’s fear that he had him, he was not thinking clearly.
Rodregas growled at him, letting him feel his anger and rage at taking slaves to be used by the Immortalists.
Rodregas had seen what would happen to them.
He had suffered for years with a subtle kind of inner rot at letting the evil continue.
In all the ways that mattered Rodregas knew he was no better than this man, he had spent most of his life as a slaver.
Rodregas had no moral grounds on which to kill these men, but inside of him there was no mercy.
He had crossed a line and could no longer live with the evil.
Rodregas let go of the guard’s shield.
He did not have the angle to grab his opponent’s throat.
Instead he had to grab the man’s lower face which was exposed by the half helm, and then he squeezed.
Rodregas felt the guard’s face give way to his rage and unnatural strength.
For a moment the guard struggled to escape his hold, but Rodregas pulled him closer with one hand and with the other ripped his opponent’s face away.
Rodregas felt a stab in his back as he took either an arrow or a sword.
He was groggy with pain, and both weak and filled with rage.
The guard in his hands was thrashing and spasming in unspeakable pain.
As the guard collapsed to the ground, Rodregas fell with him.
He tried to once more roll to the side, struggling away from a potential final stroke.
Rodregas’ face was covered in gore and blood.
It was hard for him to see.
He struggled back up, but fell, then Rodregas felt a presence to his right.
It was too small to be Doi’van and Rodregas staggered over reaching for him, determined to take one final slaver with him.
His wounded leg buckled again, and Rodregas tried to reach for the ground to slow his fall, but something was wrong with his arm and it did not move.
For a split second he saw the ground coming up to hit him in the face.
And then... darkness.
CHAPTER 10 THE OTHER KIND OF PAIN
Rodregas laid there looking at blue swirls for a long time, wondering where he was.
He was not sure if he was awake; his mind seemed heavy with dreams, and shifting images.
It took him a long time before he remembered the battle.
With the memory came concern for Doi’van and Imeralda, and a surge of adrenaline that gave him the energy to try to wake up.
Rodregas tried to sit up, but his body, which had been so strong since that day at Raven Keep, now only responded sluggishly.
He was sleepy, but had the idea that he had been sleeping a very long time.
Yet, his body still felt exhausted.
Rodregas must have moved enough to get some attention because a man, or to be more accurate, an adult male Nymph, moved into his sight.
Rodregas was always surprised by the amount of hair coming out of the ears of an adult Nymph.
He was glad that was one trait that Imeralda did not seem to have.
He knew the thought to be a silly one even as it crossed his mind.
It was quickly replaced with concern.
For a second he thought that he was tied down, but Rodregas could see enough to determine that his restraints were tightly tucked bed sheets.
He must be very weak.
“Easy there young man,” said the old Nymph.
The Nymph slowly helped him up and held a bowl to his mouth.
“My name is Durien and I am healer, please slowly drink this.
Rinse your mouth out with it as your mouth is probably very dry after all this time.” The drink tasted like tea or maybe a light broth.
As soon as Rodregas started to drink it, he realized he was starving.
“I need more,” Rodregas croaked as he finished the bowl.
The Nymph, an older man who unlike any Nymph Rodregas was familiar with, had his hair pulled back in a pony tail, nodded but said, “Slowly, too much right away is not good for you.” Rodregas nodded and cleared his throat; which was dry and felt like it had pebbles in it.
While the bed was normal enough, the walls of the room were strange and seemed to be made of woven branches and some sort of hide or dark canvas pulled between tree branches to form an oval shape.
“Doi’van and Imeralda, do they live?” he got the words out, though it hurt his throat to speak.
“Oh, yes, Imeralda is fine,” the Nymph healer responded.
“She was not hurt at all.
Doi’van was injured pretty badly, but not as badly as you are.
You both should be dead from your wounds several times over.
I thought at first you both had a sigil of healing, that would be the only way for you two to be alive, but Imeralda says that you are both ‘of the blood.’ You are a lucky man, even with your blood, to be alive.” “May I speak to them?” Rodregas asked as he looked around the room or tent.
He was amazed that somehow they had found a safe place to recover from the battle.
“Of course, but let’s get something just a bit more hardy in you and maybe we can move you around a bit.
Your body has sat still too long.
Then, you will take a nap.
“When you awake I will get you Imeralda.
Doi’van is doing better than you, but I don’t think he is up to doing any visiting yet.” Rodregas nodded in relief at his words and soon enough he was once again sleeping.
The next day, sometime around midmorning judging from the light coming in through the opening that seemed to function like a window, Imeralda entered along with a young handsome Nymph.
He was tall with green hair and with a confident bearing to his presence.
He greeted Rodregas with a very bright smile.
“I see that you are looking much better,” said the unknown Nymph.
Imeralda gave the young Nymph a big hug, one that looked far more intimate than Rodregas was comfortable with and she said, “Rodregas, we are so lucky that I was able to get Jordaan to come.
Durien was working so hard trying to heal you, but your body is so hard to work with.
He says that the same innate magical ability that makes your body so strong also requires a lot of power to heal.
Normally Durien can heal even a very seriously wounded person, but he could barely keep you and Doi’van alive.
I had to leave and run to Fariste to get Jordaan to come.” She was smiling like the sun as she spoke.
“He was so good to come and just leave at the last moment,” she added.
Rodregas thought she was going to start hugging the Nymph again, but she caught herself and came over to him and gave him a careful hug and started fussing with his pillows.
Rodregas wanted to pull her closer and inhale her scent.
He had thought that he was going to die, an experience that Rodregas of late knew too often.
He wanted to pull Imeralda down into the bed and celebrate being alive.
His body was probably too weak to do more than cuddle, but Imeralda seemed to be acting very friendly with the healer.
Rodregas was not sure if something had changed between them while he was healing.
The possibility that he had lost what they had just started to explore together made Rodregas’ heart heavy.
“So, I have been wanting to ask you a question,” said Jordaan.
“Are the two of you related?
That is, you and Doi’van?” Rodregas was caught off guard at the ridiculous question.
“Not to mention the obvious,” Rodregas said, “but Doi’van is an Orqui Hellborn from across the Sea and I am…” Rodregas paused in confusion, what exactly was he now?
He reached for the closest comparison and said, “I have some Celestial blood, but I am human.” “Oh,” Jordaan said, “well that is strange, you do know that you are also part Hellborn, right?
Hellborns are very rare in this part of the world and your bodies feel so similar that I thought you might be related through a… well a distant relation.” His heart stopped at his words and he asked in a rush, “You are saying I am Hellborn?
That is impossible!” “Can we wait one moment?” asked Imeralda raising her hand.
“I think we need to bring Doi’van in to be part of this conversation.” Rodregas just nodded, stunned at the news.
As Imeralda left the room to get Doi’van, Jordaan stepped closer and slowly moved his hand from Rodregas’ feet to his head, his eyes half closed.
Rodregas wondered what he could sense.
“You are a Nymph of the flesh?” Rodregas asked him.
Contrary to his early good mood, the Nymph froze at those words.
With a hesitant smile the green haired Nymph said, “We actually prefer the term Nymph of Life.
Truly, life is as powerful an element as any.” “Sorry,” Rodregas said, realizing he had accidentally insulted the healer, “I have never spent much time with Nymphs.” Rodregas’ tone was quieter.
The Nymph seemed young and smart and gifted.
Rodregas knew he did not have to like him.
But clearly from Imeralda’s introduction, this Nymph was well known and powerful among his people, and he had saved both Rodregas’ and Doi’van’s lives.
There was an awkward moment until Doi’van appeared at the door.
He walked with the help of a tall walking stick.
His arm and side were both covered in bandages.
Durien followed him in with a heavy stool, which Doi’van quickly sat down on.
The old healer immediately left the room.
“Rodregas, you look much better than last I saw you.
But what is so important that it takes me away from a very important nap?” Doi’van’s body looked worse for the wear, but his eyes showed his natural curiosity and intelligence.
Rodregas did not think he actually minded coming over to his room.
Rodregas smiled and thought that given the way Doi’van talked about pain when training them with the staff, that he must be immune to mere pain anyhow.
Imeralda repeated Jordaan’s question.
“Jordaan asked Rodregas if you two were related as being Hellborn is very rare in the Eastern Realms.” And Doi’van’s surprised expression Imeralda added, “While I cannot sense the feel and make up of a body like I can a tree, I do know the feel of magic, and I had thought a few times that I sensed the feel of Brimstone and Fire not just with Doi’van, but with both of you.” Rodregas could feel his eyes widen as Imeralda confirmed what Jordaan had felt.
He had been thinking while Doi’van was being fetched and he had a question for his friend.
“Doi’van, you were swept up quickly after you entered the Eastern Realms; you clearly have a strong physical essence and strong magical power.
The Immortalists should not be interested in either.
Which did they show interest in?” Rodregas asked.
“Both really, I did not understand why they wanted me.
I thought if you were Hellborn you were safe from the Immortalists,” Doi’van replied, “They would cut me to see how fast I would heal and do tests where they were clearly testing my physical side.
They also seemed just as excited about my magical power, which I was surprised by.
It was the first time I was aware that I had strong magic.” Doi’van paused then added, “They seem to think I was a great catch, and I think Taiga wanted a lot of money for me.
The thing is, the Beast Master Taiga kept me in a distant cell.
Though he had me for two years, he only showed me to others for sale a handful of times.” “You are suggesting that Taiga, and in turn Ravenhurr, were breaking ‘The One Law?’” asked Jordaan.
His voice, for the first time, seemed totally serious and very professional.
The three companions shared a blank look.
The two men turned to Imeralda who simply asked the question, “Jordaan, you know I have had little magical training.
I have been more of a prized blood mare than a wizard and these other two are warriors.
I don’t think any of us know what ‘The One Law’ is.
Jordaan looked surprised, but then nodded.
“It is a law set forth by both the Celestials and the Infernals.
Do you know the source of Magic?” he asked her.
Imeralda nodded, “Sure, there are four sources of magic: mortal, Celestial, Infernal and elemental.
It is one of the reasons I am prized for my potential with more than one power.
My AElven ancestry is strong with mortal magic, but my Nymph side is strong in elemental magic.
If an Immortalist takes my power, he or she could become stronger in both.” “Mostly correct,” Jordaan said.
“It is actually a topic of much debate among magicians.
I go along with the belief that there is no such thing as ‘mortal’ magic.
While we don’t have time now to go over all the proof, the general thought is that mortals are truly just animals and don’t produce magic.
It is only our connection to other realms that provides us power.
Mana is the raw energy of magic no matter what its source.
You can use mana from any source to cast spells.” He looked around at the three of them to make sure they understood.
Rodregas felt like he was back in a classroom, as he had been as a child in the Cathedral of the Knights.
In truth all three were very interested, as magic was something that was very much affecting their lives at the moment.
Rodregas noticed that while Imeralda’s expression was one of simple enjoyment at refining her knowledge with an expert, Doi’van’s seemed almost made of rock.
It seemed as if he feared that if he moved, his inclusion in the discussion would be challenged.
Jordaan, apparently satisfied with their attention, continued “Our ability to manipulate the sources of mana seems to be a relationship of our blood connection to a realm.
Mortals, to a greater or lesser extent; have an ability to tap into the mana that has overflowed into our realm from the Celestial, Infernal and Elemental Realms.
I, for one, believe that if our connections to these realms were cut,” Jordaan made a motion like knife cutting a loaf of bread, “that in a few years there would not be enough magic for us to use.” “Luckily, I can think of no way for such a thing to happen.
But a mortal’s ability to use mana that has spilled into the mortal world is very limited.
The Immortalists have overcome this limitation by incorporating certain people’s direct connection to these realms.
“So,” Jordaan continued, “if a mortal can add a Celestial’s ability to directly tap the Celestial power, he becomes far stronger.
If the magic user can also tap into the Elemental powers, he again becomes far more powerful.
Of course, the end goal of the Immortalists is to become a god.
There are limitations; if an Immortalist were to incorporate a celestial ant’s connection to the Celestial, he would gain in power.
But if he were to try to incorporate a thousand ants, he would only gain the same connection as that single ant.
So instead he might try a butterfly to gain the power of its greater life essence.” At this point Jordaan paused and he went from an expression of lecturing to one of fearfulness.
Rodregas almost expected him to look around for an assassin.
When next he spoke, his words were quiet and drawn out.
“The Gods and Infernals have been at war from the beginning of time.
They are opposites of the eternal balance of creation and destruction.
But when mortals started to combine the various powers, the two eternal enemies agreed on one thing and this became ‘The One Law.’” “Mortals can work to become Gods through growing in Celestial Power, and they can even tap into the elemental powers.
They also can become Infernals if they so wish, though I know of few who have tried.
The chaotic and destructive nature of the infernal does not lead to the necessary discipline that is required to be an Immortalist.
A mortal must choose only one path; Celestial or Infernal.
That is ‘The One Law.’” “Why?” asked Doi’van, his deep voice sounding both menacing and curious.
“Nobody knows for sure,” said Jordaan.
“The Gods and Infernals do not explain their actions, but most believe that if someone had the full potential to tap into all three… he would be stronger than either the Gods or the Greater Daemons.
He would have the potential to rule all the realms and break the great balance.
This is something that not even the Infernals want,” he added.
Rodregas spoke, “So if Ravenhurr, who was a friend of Taiga, was part of a group of Immortalists who are breaking ‘The One Law’ then he might have already added Hellborn power to his own.
And when I took on Ravenhurr’s power, I also added the Infernal power, which is natural for a Hellborn.
It could also be a reason that the gods answered my prayers and helped me succeed against Ravenhurr.” “So the Gods might not be against all Immortalists, but just the ones who are tapping into the Infernal power?” asked Doi’van.
“All Immortalists deserve to die for their crimes,” Rodregas answered.
His angry response did not surprise the others.
“Agreed,” said Doi’van, raising his hand in a calming gesture, “but it might be helpful to understand what the gods will support us doing.” “True,” Rodregas added.
“Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
“He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
“He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.
Ravenhurr was usually very solitary.” “What else do you remember about their conversation or about Van’dret?” asked Imeralda of Rodregas.
“Nothing, I was a guard who did my duty and kept my nose out of things.
I know little of most Immortalists other than what is common knowledge.” The four talked a bit more and then split up.
To Rodregas’ discomfort, Jordaan and Imeralda left together.
Doi’van trailed the others and then stepped back toward Rodregas room.
Rodregas sagged against the bed, the wound of losing Imeralda hurting more than those of his flesh.
“You said you knew she was a Nymph,” stated Doi’van.
Rodregas nodded.
He wanted sympathy, but he knew that the straight talking Doi’van was not likely to give him any.
“I know.
It is just that, well I was hoping for some more time.” “If you can accept her for who she is, then your time is not over,” said Doi’van, his voice rumbling less than usual.
“None of us is simple,” continued the Hellborn.
“The two of us have become friends, even though I am a Hellborn.
In me flows the blood of the Daemons of the Infernal.” He paused and then his voice cracked, showing a trace of a deep emotion for the first time “Yet, you treat me like a man.
You must do the same for Imeralda, for you two to be lovers you must learn to share her with others.
She has a lot of love to give.
Do not be so selfish as to want it all to yourself.” With that he gave a punch to Rodregas’ side, causing Rodregas to grunt in pain, and Doi’van followed the other two out the door.
Rodregas laid in the bed, his mind whirling with thoughts.
At first he thought about the implications of what Jordaan had shared.
But, then his mind went back again and again over his and Imeralda’s time during the last few weeks and then back to Doi’van’s words.
He knew his friend spoke the truth, but he was not so sure about his ability to do what he needed to keep his relationship with the beautiful AElven Nymph.
CHAPTER 11 THE NATURE OF BONDS
The next few days Rodregas and Doi’van recovered quickly under the powerful healing magic of Jordaan.
This is not to say Rodregas did not spend most of his time dreaming that the handsome young Nymph would head back to his own estates.
They were staying in a small village that seemed to be mostly a forest with small rooms built into it.
Rodregas could not figure out any set pattern to the place or its boundaries.
There might have been a dozen or even hundreds of Nymphs living there.
Though all the Nymphs were friendly, he was still eager to leave.
Jordaan was doing one of his mystic checks, running his hand a foot above Rodregas’ reclining body.
Occasionally, his hand seemed to be moving in the air like a baker making bread.
“Well,” Rodregas finally said, “I feel fine now and I thank you for your healing, but I think I am ready to leave.” Jordaan nodded.
His face held his usual expression of good cheer.
“Your body heals fast and is a fascinating medium to work with.” A cloud went over his smile when he added, “Your body and spirit were not in very good alignment and your connection to the world was terribly fractured.
Truly, it has been more effort to fix your spiritual wounds than your physical ones.” Jordaan’s smile returned when he added, “While true healing takes a lifetime of both inner and outer work, you are physically healthy enough to be on your way.
And while I enjoy the challenge of working on your enhanced body, your presence too long among us will bring danger down to us.” Rodregas nodded, but asked, “And Doi’van, is he healthy enough to travel and fight if needed?” “He needs to let go of some of his anger and learn to focus on his inner self, but his physical wounds are healed.” Rodregas paused.
He was not sure of all that Jordaan was saying.
But he understood that they were healthy enough to go.
So he then asked the question that he really wanted to ask, “Do you know if Imeralda is coming with us, or if she staying with you?” He should have asked her that himself during the last few days.
But he was afraid to ask the beautiful young woman.
He was afraid of what the answer might be.
“Do you truly understand Imeralda’s dual nature?” asked Jordaan.
“She is a half Nymph.
What does that have to do with her going or staying?” Rodregas asked.
“Nothing, but it does if you love her.” Jordaan said with his big smile.
His expression showed nothing but his normal cheer.
Instead of answering the Nymph’s question Rodregas asked him one instead.
“Do you love her?” “Of course, I would not travel this distance for anyone else.
Imeralda is an amazing young woman… beautiful, intelligent, charming and potentially a very powerful magician.
I cherish every moment with her.” Rodregas’ heart sank at the news.
Life with the powerful healer would be a far better one than one with his lost crusade.
“Since you would ask me such a personal question, I have one for you.” Jordaan responded, “You are clearly struggling with what it means that Imeralda is a half Nymph, but have you thought about what is means that she is a half AElf?
AElf maidens, when they mate with an AElf man, form a spiritual and magical bond.
It is a bond that lasts all their lives and connects them on multiple levels as no other race is connected.
That is why the AElves take so long to choose a life mate and almost never choose one outside of their race.
They mate for life; not out of choice, but because that is required of their nature.” After Jordaan finished speaking he stood silently as Rodregas sat up in bed and thought on the healer’s words.
“She is not as free with her body as most Nymphs,” he said.
“No, she is not.
She only lies with men who she truly feels a great respect for,” Jordaan answered.
Rodregas had known that fact, but had not really thought about it.
“So what you are saying is that Imeralda forms a life bond like a AElf.
But while a normal AElf has only one she can form multiple bonds, and she has a bond with you and a bond with me?” he asked.
“Yes, I know of few other cases like this.
She will always know where you are.
And my guess is if you are open to the bond, you will be able to know where she is.
But, there are also deeper implications.
The mating bond is one of the great sources of power for the AElf peoples,” he said.
Rodregas did not understand fully what Jordaan meant but he suddenly added, “Then, if Imeralda is bonded to me, she will always try to keep her connection with me?” He asked a question, but he thought he already knew the answer.
Jordaan nodded.
“She will love others, but she is bonded to you for all time, until one of you dies.” Rodregas sat quietly, stunned by the news.
No more words passed between the two until Jordaan was about to leave.
“Do you know where the weapons are from the Immortal Guards?
We are going to need them if we are going to do better during our next encounter.” Rodregas was getting his mind back to business; the news that he would never truly be separated from Imeralda revived his spirit.
“Oh, we… took the weapons as salvage.
It has helped to pay for your healing and equipping of the people you rescued.
As their rescuers you were, of course, responsible for getting them properly outfitted and on their way back to their homes.” Rodregas sat shocked for a moment and then he just exploded.
“WHAT!
You can’t do that.
Do you have any idea how much we need that gear?
We bled for it!
We put our lives at risk to rescue Imeralda’s people, and all we ask for in return is the Infernal gear!” Rodregas breathed deep trying to calm himself, but it was no use.
“DOI’VAN!” Rodregas yelled.
Rodregas stepped out of his room which, unlike a normal room in a human house opened directly outside.
He ducked under a branch and bolted through the two trees and through a bush and to the door to Doi’van’s room.
Doi’van was standing up, his walking stick up ready to fight at Rodregas’ bellow.
“What alarms you?” he asked.
He seemed to be listening for attack.
“These bastards are trying to take our armor and swords!
We nearly died because it was the right thing to do to rescue the Nymphs, especially with the children being part of the caravan.” Rodregas added in a growl, “There were probably Dire steeds as well.” “By the Infernal Daemons, I might be as strong as a Celestial Lion, but we are going to get chopped to little pieces until we have decent armor and weapons.” “But why would they keep the armor?” growled Doi’van.
“These people do not seem to be warriors.
What good would it do them?” Doi’van tossed his wild black mane of hair and his eyes lighted with rage.
Rodregas suddenly realized that he better not feed the Hellborn’s rage.
Those with Infernal blood were known for their berserker rages.
They seldom survived the rampages, but were nearly unstoppable when they fell into one.
Rodregas breathed deeply, trying to lower his own anger and frustration.
Jordaan stepped outside the room Rodregas had been staying in and into the small clearing that was the center of the Nymph Dwello, the tent like structure that they used for houses.
“Gentleman, please,” said Jordaan.
“You must have understood that this village took a great risk in taking you, and those you rescued, in.
The only way Imeralda was able to get their support was to offer the bounty of the Immortal Guard’s equipment.” As if called from Jordaan’s words, Imeralda landed in the clearing, seemingly leaping from one of the nearby trees.
She looked a bit out of breath, like she had sprinted at a run to the Dwello.
She took a quick look at Doi’van and Rodregas and paled.
Doi’van’s eyes were literally glowing red and he was tossing his horned head with his wild black hair flying.
Imeralda had not seen him in such a mood before, not even during the battle with the slave caravan.
Imeralda thought that Rodregas was only marginally better.
The muscles of his neck and shoulders were bunched up and she could feel his anger through her bond with him.
But he was also breathing deeply and through the bond she knew he was trying to control himself.
Imeralda saw that Rodregas was also watching Doi’van.
She thought he also recognized the danger of a Hellborn rage.
Imeralda reached out to Rodregas first to try to get him to calm down and help manage Doi’van.
Imeralda focused on their bond and looked him in the eyes and said, “Rodregas getting angry will not change things, let’s sit down and talk to the village elders.
They are thankful for what we have done.
They need payment for their risk, but they understand we have needs.” Rodregas nodded and seemed to be calming down until Jordaan spoke, “No, you made your agreement.
Imeralda you have said that the equipment of the Immortal Guard was ours.
While our warriors are not as renown as some of the other races, we have several who are worthy of such armor and such gear is critical for our own survival.” Imeralda could see both men’s renewed rage at Jordaan’s words.
She knew she should calm them down, but her first thought was how stupid men could be, men of all races.
Sure it would have been great for them to get their better quality armor, but they were only alive because of her.
She was the one who had to come back and shoot the final guards.
She was the one who had to come back.
She shot the final guards with the Black Yew bows.
She was no warrior but had gone back with only a few arrows and rescued them.
She had patched them up, rounded up the rescued slaves and sought a refuge.
“Are you insane?” she asked them in a voice that was as cold as her anger.
Imeralda, her voice dripping scorn, added, “It was only because one of the slaves had family at the local village that we were able to find this refuge.
Then, no matter how valiant the efforts of healer Durien, he barely kept you two from death’s door.” “So what did I do?” she asked them.
“I nearly ran myself to exhaustion fetching Jordaan to heal you.
I was using my own relationship to rescue you, who I have known less than a season.
And now that all this effort has been done you are going to get mad… mad at the only reason you two are alive to complain at all?
Well to the Infernal with you.”  With that Imeralda turned and jumped back into the trees.
The half Nymph’s anger, though not meant to cool the warriors, had that effect as both men stood in shock at Imeralda’s normally calm demeanor.
Doi’van wilted like a flower without water in the sun; he literally sat down on the ground.
Rodregas simply sagged as the truth behind the half AElf’s words sank in.
Jordaan simply stood watching the scene, without his normal expression of cheer.
Finally Rodregas turned to Jordaan and said, “Imeralda is right and I apologize for our anger.
It is misplaced.
My life and the life of my friend are well worth the price and we are in your debt.” At Rodregas’ words Jordaan simply nodded and then stepped into the trees, disappearing as the Nymphs had a habit of doing when in nature.
“I had better go apologize to Imeralda,” said Rodregas.
“You should wait a while and let her rage cool first,” suggested Doi’van slowly.
He spoke as one who was very familiar with rage.
Rodregas realized that Doi’van was probably right so he sat back and tried to think of the right words to speak when the timing was better.
Unfortunately when Rodregas did speak to Imeralda his explanations and apology were not well received.
She listened but seemed to have little sympathy.
He decided that the only thing left to do was plan to get together what gear they could and head back out.
CHAPTER 12 TO WALK AN OLD PATH
Rodregas was surprised to find a pile of equipment outside his door the next morning, and Imeralda sorting through the pile.
It appeared to be mostly their equipment plus miscellaneous pieces of slaver gear.
Doi’van stood watching, clearly not sure what to make of it.
When Rodregas tried to apologize Imeralda ignored him and instead said, “We traded the Immortal Guard equipment for safe harbor here at the village for healing.
But, of course, there were also regular slaver guards and I claimed their equipment and any money that was in their personal money pouches.” “Your armor got pretty chopped up,” she continued, “and Doi’van did not have any armor to start with.
I have been trading excess gear and coins to repair armor and to refit some of the other armor to fit Doi’van and yourself.
We still had our three horses, but none of them were too great to begin with; the two were good for pulling carriages, the other was too old.” “True,” Rodregas said nodding his agreement.
“Jordaan knows horse flesh,” she went on, “and we were able to trade the three old horses for one of the Immortal Guards’ horses.
I will be honest, he is a big ugly brute and not war trained and his Dire blood is marginal.
But Jordaan thinks he can actually handle Doi’van’s weight.
The Nymphs were not that interested in keeping him because for a Dire steed he is slow.” Doi’van said, “A steed that can handle me?
That would make a nice change of pace.” Imeralda continued, “He along with the two best of the slavers’ horses that I claimed.
That means we now have three decent riding horses.
Not the Dire war mounts that I know you want, but an upgrade on what we had.
The local armorer was also able to piece together some steel chain that was decent quality and a good leather harness for Doi’van and he was able to repair your armor.
You now also have some chain that should fit over your leather armor.” Imeralda added, “I was able to recover only about a score of the arrows, but I have been working with some of the wood nymphs and the armorer and we now have a full set of arrows again.” Doi’van, at her motion towards his armor, picked up the pile of chain mail and tried it over his head.
The opening on top actually fit over his huge head.
Doi’van guessed that it had been the chain of the large overweight slaver that he had killed.
While the equipment was all of average quality, Rodregas was smiling because clearly there were three sets of everything plus a pack horse for equipment.
Imeralda was clearly planning on joining them.
While that is what his heart hoped for he was not sure if it was the smartest move.
When they were working on the tack for the horses, he went ahead and asked.
“Imeralda, I want to make sure you want to continue with us.
I mean I love to travel with you, but while Doi’van and I are warriors, when you joined us it was only as a travel companion.
If you want to stay with the village or stay with Jordaan I will understand.
You know that by now they will be hunting us, if not because of Ravenhurr’s death, than because of the missing Immortal Guards.” “You know that I probably killed more slavers with the Black Yew bow than either you or Doi’van right?” asked Imeralda with a snort.
“Your abilities are not of question,” Rodregas responded.
“Your abilities as a Forest Nymph and as an archer make you a very deadly woman.
As you gain control over your magical powers you will only become more dangerous.
The question is whether you want to fight?” Imeralda nodded and she hesitated.
“I will be honest,” she said.
“I am a little torn, I have never been as afraid as during and after the battle.
I have truly come to care for both of you.
I have met few men of such character and willingness to take on the Guild of the Celestial Path and all their power.” She continued, “I want to be with you.
I want to share this journey, but I am not a warrior.
And the two of you were so close to dying on me, and next time I might not be able to save you and you might die…,” she paused.
“I could handle dying, but I am not sure I could handle having you die in my arms.” “Imeralda,” said Doi’van, “we must all walk our own paths.
Rodregas and I have made a choice, we will fight.
Whether the Gods are on our side or not, we will fight.
You need to find your own path; you are talented and young and have the world at your feet.
We cherish the time that you joined us.” Rodregas nodded, Doi’van’s words had captured his own thoughts.
He was no boy to put his own needs over another.
“I agree, I cherish the time we have had together, but you must walk your own path.
The Grimoires and Mithril chain and bow are yours to keep, my gifts to you.
Your gifts to me are far greater.” “So where do you go now?” asked Imeralda.
“You can’t look for slavers on the road; they will be reinforced after the one caravan goes missing.” Rodregas nodded.
His thoughts had traveled in a similar direction.
“I have been thinking about what you said about it making sense for me to get a greater sigil.
I have more magic than I need.
There is only one other group besides the Guild that has is allowed to give sigils, the Knights of the Soaring Heavens; from who the Gods choose their champions.” Imeralda and Doi’van had both become quite intrigued by what Rodregas was hinting at.
He continued, “I was a squire in the Knighthood who was never raised.
As you probably know most squires are not raised, only those of the most noble blood and those of greatest talent in both magic and the arts of a warrior.
I was neither.
I had thought that I would make a career in the army,” he paused after admitting that.
His time as a squire was like magic to him, and his time in the army had been a living nightmare.
“Once a year directly after the new group of knights is raised, a great competition is held; a five days open tournament.
Any previous squire is eligible to compete.
The winner of this competition is raised to knighthood,” Rodregas added.
“You mean to enter the tournament for the right to knighthood?” asked Doi’van.
“The tournament is held twenty days after the autumn equinox at the Great Cathedral of Oravue.
I believe that to be in about ten days and it is about a seven day ride from here,” said Rodregas.
“You would challenge for knighthood,” said Imeralda quietly.
“That is not a bad idea, while the Guild will be on the hunt for you, they would not expect you to be in such an event, and you will be surrounded by other warriors.
They would have no room to suspect you.” “There are a few problems.
I would need to show proof that I was a squire, which I have,” said Rodregas.
As he spoke he reached into his pouch and pulled out his old Squire patch.
He showed them the old beaten cloth, the one memento that he had taken with him from his old life.
The only problem would be if someone asked too many questions about when and where he had trained.
“It might not work,” said Rodregas.
“but I think it worth the effort to try.” Doi’van nodded but said, “It is a worthy goal, but what of me?
The knighthood is mostly a human thing; Hellborn especially will not be welcome to attend the event.” Rodregas nodded but said, “If you are ok with calling yourself and acting as my sworn man,  you could enter the Cathedral and stay with me.
They won’t be happy about it, but they cannot challenge who I bring with me.” “I would love to figure out a way to smuggle you into the room of the sigils, not likely… but something we can check out,” Rodregas added.
“And what about Nymphs?” asked Imeralda.
“What do you mean?” asked Rodregas.
“If I am your sworn ‘man’ could you also bring me into the Cathedral?” she asked.
Rodregas nodded, “Yes, I have known some Orqui and AElves who have joined the knighthood.
I cannot think of any Hellborn or Nymphs staying there during my time.
But that is more of a matter of the rareness of Hellborn, and Nymphs have never shown interest in joining the knighthood.” “While I am still hesitant to say that your cause is mine, I do wish to keep traveling with you two.
I have always heard stories of the knights and would enjoy visiting the Cathedral.
It is supposed to be a place of great magic and many myths and stories.” Rodregas nodded, he could not help smiling.
He enjoyed the company of the two of them.
It would be good to continue to travel together.
The next day Imeralda arranged to send a group of fellow Forest Nymphs back to the farm to put a roof on the old farmhouse.
It was probably not worth the cost of some of their excess equipment and limited gold, but the three of them all had good memories of the farm and liked the idea putting a roof back on the structure.
The Nymphs with their connection with nature were the only humanoids unlikely to be attacked by the Dire Cats.
The biggest surprise came when Jordaan came to say goodbye.
Rodregas had his stuff all spread out in the room he had been using, organizing what would go where.
The trunk had been left in the barn back at the farm, but its contents were now in his saddlebag.
Rodregas had signaled Jordaan to wait a moment as he rolled his gear up.
He was wrapping some of the Grimoires that they were not reading and the small mechanical toy frog that he had picked up in Ravenhurr’s laboratory when Jordaan made a funny sound and stepped forward.
Jordaan seemed to be staring at the package and Rodregas wondered if he had recognized one of the Grimoires.
Jordaan pointed at the newly wrapped package and said, “Excuse me, but can I see that?” Rodregas nodded and curiously handled the half wrapped pack over to the Nymph wondering what had captured his attention.
The Nymph slowly laid the package on the bed and unwrapped it.
His hand passed over the contents in a motion similar to what he had done while working on Rodregas.
To Rodregas’ surprise he stopped at the small toy frog.
Jordaan glanced over to him as if asking for permission and Rodregas nodded his ok. Jordaan reached down and carefully picked up the small frog and cupped it in his hands.
His eyes were closed in concentration.
He looked up at Rodregas with a confused expression and asked, “Do you know what this is?” “Not really, I found it in Raven Keep.
It felt of magic so I took it.
I thought it might be worth something.” Jordaan smiled and laughed as he said, “Worth something indeed.
This is a minor Sigil of Healing.” It was Rodregas who gasped this time and said, “Infernals!
We had a Sigil of Healing all this time?
If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.
Jordaan agreed to do the inscribing and show the others the technique.
In return Imeralda would inscribe Jordaan who was also eager for the sigil.
Jordaan had his hand out with the palm facing up.
At Jordaan’s direction Rodregas put his own, palm up, on top of it.
The frog went on top and Jordaan’s other hand went on top of the frog.
Jordaan then said, “This is going to hurt, it will feel like someone is drawing a pattern under your skin with a knife.
If you pull away before it is done, you will mess up the pattern and it will use up your magic without adding the benefits of the sigil.” As Jordaan finished speaking he looked in Rodregas’ eyes until he nodded his understanding.
He knew what was coming.
He could feel Jordaan’s magic start to pour into his hands and into the frog.
A sensation emanating from the frog began to fill his senses.
Without Rodregas’ conscious will, his own magic raised from the core of his being.
The two magic forces seemed to mix and then enter the frog.
They seemed to pour from the frog back into his own body.
That power felt like a thousand small knives digging into his flesh.
His body tightened and he could feel Jordaan’s hands hold him firm.
Rodregas struggled to keep his arm from spasming in pain.
He knew that Jordaan could not really keep his arm from moving.
He kept thinking that the ordeal would be over soon.
When it continued he started to worry about his ability to keep from jerking away from the small figurine.
Just when he was sure that he could not keep his arm still the pain smoothed and stopped.
As Jordaan relaxed his grip and released him, Rodregas shook his arm and then his body, trying to feel the difference.
It felt almost like someone had drawn all over him from the inside, but there was no visible difference.
There was no sign that a bit of his magic had been used up in the creation of a permanent effect.
Rodregas sat and watched as Doi’van and then Imeralda undertook the inscription of the minor sigil.
From Rodregas’ perspective the next two seemed to withstand the pain a lot better than then he had.
After all three were completed Imeralda used her magic to inscribe Jordaan.
The healing sigil was the only sigil commonly used by magic users.
A few were known to use sigils that improved memory or allowed one to store excess magic.
After the sensation faded Rodregas felt no different than before.
Rodregas had the feeling that Jordaan would have liked to keep the little frog; it was a powerful tool in the hands of an Elemental Healer like Jordaan, but Rodregas was not willing to give it up, and Jordaan never actually asked.
The next morning they headed out for the Cathedral of Oravue.
CHAPTER 13 A CHALLENGING PAST
When they arrived at the Cathedral eight days later it was late in the afternoon.
They had to hustle through the town of Oravue to reach it in time to register for the upcoming melee.
Oravue was a good sized city, with paved roads winding up and down the sides of the hill that the town was built on.
The whole town was dominated by the fortress like Cathedral in the middle of town.
While the Cathedral was one of the most impressive fortresses in the known world, the town, in contrast was without walls or visible defenses of any kind, unless you counted all the winding stairs and streets that quickly got the three companions lost several times on their way to the Cathedral of the Heavens.
The Cathedral of the Heavens was located like most powerful places of mystic significance, on a crossroad of two ley lines.
The huge structure had been built into and around the top of a granite hilltop.
The walls were hundreds of feet high in most places and constructed of the very sides of the mountain simply carved flat and smooth.
Because it was built directly on and out of the very bedrock of the Earth, knocking down the fortress walls was not an option for an opposing army.
Like the stone of the farmhouse, the stone construction of the Cathedral had been enchanted by Nymphs of the Earth.
It was said that the ley lines were tapped to provide magical protections as great as the physical.
The Cathedral’s defenses gave it the reputation as one of the most impenetrable fortress in the Eastern Realms.
Of course, Rodregas thought what could not be taken by force, could be easily taken by politics and fear.
Once through both the huge gates, Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda came into full view of the Great Cathedral of the Heavens.
The Cathedral served as both fortress and a temple to the Celestial Gods, and its thick walls were a balance of the practical and the artistic.
Its towering white walls were adorned with statues and engravings.
Above the ground floor were huge stained glass windows and arches and on the heights were a series of small towers and domes.
Rodregas had forgotten how striking the building was and all three stood to admire it for a long moment before moving forward into the inner courtyard.
In front of the Cathedral set a grandly engraved table of gleaming oak which looked to be more suitable for the dining hall of a noble than in the great courtyard.
The three men behind the table were clearly Knight Captains of the Order; behind them stood young squires eager to be of service at the word of the knights.
The knighthood was split into two grand divisions; those with minor sigils who were simply Knights of the Order, and Knights’ Captains, who had gained the greater sigils.
From their ranks was chosen the Grand Master of the Order, the physical and spiritual leader of the Order of the Soaring Heavens.
Rodregas’ eyes fell on a man who sat in a beautiful carved chair, a match for the table that sat just behind the knights.
He was tall and graceful with striking dark eyes and features.
His long dark hair was pulled back.
He wore not the clothing of the knights but the robes of an Immortalist Sorcerer.
Across his chest was a sash.
Rodregas guessed him to be the Guild’s Ambassador to the Knights.
Rodregas’ blood froze at the sight, though he did his best to remain casual.
He knew that the Guild had a representative at the Cathedral but had not expected him to be so closely watching the registration table.
Rodregas fell into old habits of survival.
He kept his eyes to himself and let himself feel the tiredness of travel on the road.
When it became his turn, Rodregas stood there silently.
The knight, an older man with a short gray beard, who was missing his left hand, waved him forward.
The Knight Captain slowly looked up at the tall figure before him and after a quick examination went to the oddly mismatched pair that stood at each shoulder.
“You are a squire who wishes to register for the tournament?” asked the Knight Captain.
While the Knight had probably asked this to a lot of people that day, his tone suggested real curiosity.
Rodregas grunted acknowledgment and dropped his hand with the Patch of his Knightly Chapter in it.
The Knight Captain picked it up and studied the detailed patterns woven into the fabric.
“Chapter and heredity?” the Knight asked.
“Saurrien was my mentor, Quirren was his mentor, and Bitress was his, Chapter of the Silver Mace,” Rodregas answered.
The Knight nodded, the answer matched the pattern on the patch.
“What is your name?” he asked.
“Rodregas,” he grunted.
The knight waited expecting more, but he stopped there.
He finally shrugged and wrote his name on the scroll in front of him.
Rodregas’ heart froze as the sorcerer stood and strode over to the table.
He reached out and casually touched the shoulder of the Knight Captain.
“Captain Intreg, do you mind asking a few questions to confirm his status?” The Knight seemed uncomfortable under the hand of the sorcerer but nodded and said to Rodregas, “What is the eighth law of Chivalry?” “Thou shalt never offer combat to someone who is not equal in strength, unless in defense of the honor of the Order, for Justice for the oppressed or in defense of the weak,” he answered.
Captain Intreg nodded and then asked, “A question of law: two messenger couriers stop at a keep with priority messages and switch out horses.
The local lord finds that both horses are lame and are no longer any good.
One of the messengers is from a neighboring lord and one from the Guild of the Celestial Path.
What rights does the lord have in this situation?” Rodregas noticed the sorcerer seemed to stiffen at the question.
Rodregas’ mind swirled.
The first questions had been easy, but it had been a very long time since he had studied law.
The sorcerer’s body language, though, directed his memory to the answer.
Rodregas said, “The local lord is responsible for replacing the other lord messenger’s lame horse.
There is nothing to be done for the Immortalist messenger’s horse.
It is the responsibility of the local lords to provide mounts for the Guild at the local lord’s expense.” He made sure his voice remained rough with no emotion coloring his response, just a simple squire giving a by-the-book answer.
The Knight Captain nodded and said, “Welcome to the tournament, Squire.” He then turned to look up at the sorcerer and asked him, “Any other questions Ambassador?” The sorcerer spoke his next question directly to Rodregas, “I noticed you have a Hellborn at your side, you would insult the faith of the Knights by bringing him into the Cathedral of the Heavens?” Rodregas knew this question would come up and had the natural answer, “They are my sworn followers.
Sworn to the All-Father.” Such an oath could not be challenged here.
“Truly?” the sorcerer said.
“The Great Oath of Fealty for one of Infernal birth?
I would see that.” He turned to Doi’van who loomed over all of them.
Doi’van had watched the show with a cold interest.
The sorcerer spoke with a command that dripped venom, “On your knees Hellborn and swear the oath of fealty, in the name of the All-Father to this squire where we can all see.” Doi’van paused for a heartbeat and then pulled his sword out in a smooth gesture and for a moment Rodregas was thinking that a battle was to be had, but then Doi’van dropped to his knees in front of Rodregas.
He took the sword onto his arms as if in morning sword meditation and spoke the words of the Oath.
“By my mortal blood and sweat and tears do I swear my fealty to the Squire Rodregas in the name of the Father of Ocean, Sky and Earth.” Rodregas nodded and responded as was required, “As the All-Father protects and guards his people so do I swear to do my best to live up to your oath in the Name of the All-Father.” Rodregas reached down and picked up the sword across Doi’van’s arms and lifted it up.
“As I lift your sword up, so do I lift up your honor and make it mine.” As he finished the oath he handed the sword back to Doi’van, who responded with the final, “My arm shall be your arm, my sword your sword, my honor your honor.” Rodregas had expected to have to claim his followers as Oath Bond, but a knight would never have demanded to see the oath.
He felt guilt seize his stomach at having been mistaken and knowing Doi’van had been forced to swear the oath, due to not wanting to blow their cover.
Rodregas swore to himself that he would lift the oath as soon as they could be free, but the fact that Doi’van had trusted him enough to say such an oath out loud, which could put his very soul in jeopardy, was a powerful statement to their growing friendship.
Rodregas looked back at the sorcerer who actually seemed surprised at watching the oath sworn, “Satisfied, Sir?” The sorcerer waved his hand and without a word went back to his chair sitting down as a king to his throne.
The Knight Captain called for a squire, who he commanded to find them a room.
Rodregas sensed that the Knight Captain was not happy with what had happened, but he said no word of apology.
As the three were led away, Rodregas asked the boy the name of the sorcerer at the table.
“That is the Immortalist Van’dret, Ambassador to the Knights from the Guild.
He is very powerful you know.
We are told to do whatever he commands, but also told to stay as far away from him as possible,” said the young boy, who could not have been much more than twelve years old.
Rodregas nodded and said, “Sounds like good advice.” Rodregas looked up as Doi’van and Imeralda entered the room.
Doi’van looked grim.
But as Rodregas assumed no one had died, he had to smile.
“Is it that bad?” he asked.
Doi’van missed his amused tone, or he was simply not in the mood to hear it.
“The news is not all good,” Doi’van agreed.
Doi’van grabbed the far too small stool beside the bed, which was the only other piece of furniture in the little dorm room that they had been assigned.
Rodregas knew it was only due to his visitor status and having ‘servants’ that he had his own room, most squires would share housing during the tournament.
Rodregas watched the stool curiously as Doi’van sat to see if it would actually hold the massive weight of the Hellborn.
His guess was that it would be crushed by the weight.
To his surprise it held; though it gave a small groan at the weight.
“We counted over a hundred here for the melee, all are trained warriors.
Most should not be any problem, but at least a handful is of the blood,” Doi’van said.
“I actually think a few are minor sigils warriors as well,” said Imeralda.
“If they already have sigils why are they competing?” asked Doi’van.
“She is probably right,” Rodregas said.
“If someone who was a squire did manage to get a sigil he would be tempted to come back and earn the title and the prestige of knighthood.” “It does not matter if they are of the blood or minor sigils warriors; either way there are clearly a few who will be a challenge physically.
But that is not the problem.
Either way you should be physically more powerful.
It is the nature of the competitions that I am worried about.” Doi’van paused as he ordered the coming conversation in his mind.
Rodregas knew him well enough to wait until he was ready.
Rodregas had been surprised when Doi’van had refused to take back his oath when they had had some privacy.
Doi’van had simply said he took his oaths too seriously to play such games.
So Rodregas had sworn the same oath to Doi’van, which Doi’van had accepted.
Doi’van though was more focused on the task than the oath.
He stated, “Each competition is worth points.
The top five winners of each round of competition earns five points; those that place six through ten earn four points, eleven through fifteen earn three points and so on.
There are a total of five different events.” Rodregas nodded.
He had not remembered the point system but he knew well that a knight is unique for his mastering of five different fighting styles.
Doi’van continued, “The first they call ‘open fist’ which does not really make any sense to me, but it is barehanded with no armor.
I think you are likely to do very well with that one.
In fact, I think you would be wise to finish one of the top winners.
The next is the bow…,” Doi’van glancing at Imeralda.
Rodregas could not help but smile, “I know you guys think of my skill with the bow in terms of my inability to use the Black Yew bows.
But really, I can shoot a bow with skill.” Doi’van and Imeralda looked at him doubtfully.
“The challenge,” said Doi’van, “is not to be simply good but to be able to outshoot over one hundred other highly skilled warriors, and the targets are multiple and difficult including a moving target.
Unfortunately, all the targets are within normal range for a human, your strength will not help.
The good news is this is a competition of skill and they provide the bows.
The bad news is that it is up to each competing squire to have his own equipment for the other three competitions.
The sword and the shield competition are limited to light armor.
You will be at a disadvantage.
The real problem is going to the completion with the lance and the mace.
Both have no limit to the armor; and of course, the lance is a mounted competition.
“You should see some of the horses!” said Imeralda.
“They are beautiful.” She smiled but at her words Doi’van clearly did not see beautiful animals but a problem.
“She is correct; most have trained war horses and a few are Dire Steeds.
I will be honest Rodregas, I am not sure that this will work.
These warriors are trained in the use of the lance and their war horses will negate your personal advantage in physical might, as your horse is a trail mount.” Doi’van paused and said, “But, the real problem is that you are without plate armor.
I am not sure how you can survive such a competition.
The competition with mace or hammer will be only marginally better for you.
Your body is far stronger than theirs, but not as strong as Night Bronze or Mithril.” Doi’van shook his head.
“I don’t know how you can compete with simple steel!” “Rodregas,” Doi’van said, “I think you should give up on this task, the Cathedral is busy; and none will know if we simply leave.” Imeralda nodded, but something about the way she stood told Rodregas that she knew he would not do this.
“So have you done the math?” Rodregas asked.
“What if I get five points on the hand-to-hand and five with the sword and shield and maybe two with the bow?
Would twelve points get me to the final?” “Unlikely,” answered Doi’van.
“I have asked around and fifteen seems to be the magic number.
It varies year to year but that is what is usually needed.” “Did you know that three times warriors have finished with perfect twenty five points?
The last time was over forty years ago by ‘the traitor.’” Imeralda explained, “I was talking to one of the older knights” “Who is this traitor?” asked Doi’van.
“I don’t know,” said Imeralda.
“It is the Lord General of the Immortalists,” Rodregas said.
“He was once the Grand Marshal of the Order before he turned traitor and joined the Immortalists.
He is hated by the knighthood, but he was a great warrior, the kind that we have to be able to face if we fight the Immortalists.” Rodregas responded.
“We can’t be afraid of the competition.
I may die, but if I win I can earn a greater sigil, maybe even bring you into the chamber as my servant.
If both Doi’van and I had a greater sigil, we would be much more likely to survive the upcoming battles,” Rodregas said.
“We would still get spitted like a pig to the roast without decent armor,” said Doi’van, “but as the Gods have yet to provide the armor, we will show these human squires the armor of our faith and the armor of our courage.
I just don’t like having to watch you fight such battles and not be able to fight myself.” growled Doi’van.
“Yeah, what he said,” Imeralda stated, ”I wish I could do the bow competition for you.
I could get you five points there even with a regular bow, otherwise I am happy to watch you big boys show how tough and strong you are.” Rodregas smiled at Doi’van’s and Imeralda’s courage even though their personalities were opposites.
Imeralda was as light hearted as Doi’van was thoughtful.
“One question,” Rodregas asked, “do we actually have a hammer or a mace?”
Two days later the dawn found Rodregas facing his first opponent.
This first foe looked very young.
He nodded to him like Rodregas should know him.
Rodregas wondered if this man had been a friend of the previous occupant of his new body?
He looked like he might speak, but Rodregas simply shook his head.
The great outer courtyard and been marked off with chalk into ten squares.
The contestants stood around the squares waiting their turn to enter.
They would push anyone falling out back into the squares.
Watchers were not allowed around the squares.
Rodregas knew Imeralda and Doi’van were atop the wall, the closest spot allowed for spectators.
Two contestants had already fought.
The rules were simple.
Two went in and one came out walking.
The constants were bare of chest and foot.
There were no fancy speeches to start the match, a bell sounded and the next round began.
Rodregas kept his weight low and his hands up.
Doi’van and he had discussed the best approach.
Both agreed the best strategy would be to use his full strength and speed to be quick and as brutal as he could without killing.
Doi’van suggested body blows were best, as a full strength a punch into the face would likely kill a normal human.
The boy who faced him was fair haired and smiling, seeming to relish the match.
His stance was similar to Rodregas’ own.
Rodregas went slowly but steadily, keeping his guard up.
The boy kept his hands up.
When Rodregas went in low he took the blows to his body and went for Rodregas’ face.
Against another opponent it was the right move.
Unfortunately for the boy, his blow seemed to come at Rodregas slowly.
Rodregas easily dodged as he landed a strong blow to his opponent’s chest.
Rodregas was used to sparring with Doi’van and was surprised when his opponent went flying into the line of contestants and did not get back up.
Rodregas waited a moment and then looked at the knight who stood outside the match.
The knight did not look as surprised at the quickness of the match as Rodregas.
He simply nodded toward Rodregas.
Rodregas left the square and the knight sent the next two in.
By mid morning Rodregas had cleared out his square without major effort.
He noticed that all the other squares were still going on.
His matches had ended faster than the others.
His body’s balance of strength and speed were at full advantage in hand-to-hand fighting.
He fought three others at the end of the afternoon; all three had won their group of matches.
Rodregas thought that they might have been tough opponents if they had not been so beaten up.
Between the natural durability of his body and the minor Sigil of Healing though, he was feeling fine.
The knights were clearly trying to find the best five among the competitors.
They were not necessarily trying to find out who was the best among the five.
Rodregas watched several fighters that clearly were of the blood or had minor sigils, but he did not fight any that could have offered him a real challenge.
At the end, after he defeated his final opponents, they tied a bright yellow ribbon to his upper arm and wrote down his name as a top five finisher.
The top five got bright yellow arm bands, the sixth to tenth finishers white bands, the eleventh through fifteenth red bands, sixteenth through twentieth blue bands and twenty-first to twenty-fifth received a green band.
Rodregas felt more nervous the next day with the archery competition.
While luckily the knights provided the bows for all contestants, they did not have them available for practice.
The only bows that the three had were the Black Yews, which Rodregas continued to struggle to use.
So while Rodregas had learned to shoot the bow when he was trained as a squire, and was proficient in it, he had not shot one in years.
He trailed behind the others and watched them shoot.
There were five shots that you had to make: a man shaped target at twenty paces, a crouching man shape at thirty, a standard round target in a hay bail at forty, and another round target at fifty paces and finally there was a round target dragged in hops and jumps across the field with a rope pulled by squires.
As the first round of contestants lined up behind the rope to shoot, Rodregas watched the technique of the better archers and mentally went through Imeralda’s advice.
She was all about breathing; she claimed that keeping your eyes where you wanted the arrow to go and releasing the string at two-thirds of the way through your exhale was the best way to hit your target.
Rodregas became nervous as he waited.
He was very impressed by the quality of the archery on display.
Clearly everyone knew what they were about.
He ended up being behind a tall young man.
Rodregas almost thought he might have some AElf blood.
It also looked like he might have a broken nose from the previous day’s competition.
The young man did very well, hitting all five targets.
His shot on the moving target only nicked the edge, still impressive.
Rodregas stepped forward and picked up the bow.
It felt light and a little awkward.
Rodregas focused on his breathing.
He had five targets and five arrows.
He shot at the target shaped like a man.
The arrow sailed over its right shoulder.
Rodregas started to tense up, but knew that would kill any chances of hitting his next targets.
He released the second arrow at the crouching man and the arrow hit low to the left, but he did hit the target.
He nailed the next standard target almost in the middle, but missed the last two completely.
Rodregas was among those who were first out of this round of the tournament and spent the rest of the day watching the archery competition.
The only relief he felt was that only one of the other winners with the yellow ribbons on their arm also gained a second one.
He found out his name was Geriodon.
Rodregas also saw that two others who had the white second place ribbons from the day before also earned white ribbons in the day’s contest.
That meant that Geriodon was winning so far with ten points.
The other two, whose names were Karun and Nordien both had eight points.
On the third morning Rodregas stood ready; the format was the same as the first day.
He thought his chances were better today.
He was used to the sword and shield.
Rodregas stood with his chain mail over his repaired studded leather armor; a long sword and a shield, both from the dead slavers were in his hands.
The rules were, of course, not to fight to the death.
A knight stood in the middle of the square and would declare the winner of the match.
Rodregas’ first opponent looked like a grizzled army veteran; he had a red ribbon and a blue ribbon so he was a man of some skill.
Rodregas knew he had to do well today or he had no chance.
He stepped into the square.
The sands of the ground shifted slightly under his weight as he circled his opponent.
The veteran was clearly taking him seriously, going in slowly with his knees bent and his feet keeping active.
Rodregas would have no skill advantage here.
Rodregas was hesitant to bash his sword too much, as it was of average quality.
While the sword should be fine for his first match, he hoped to be fighting all day today.
He went forward leading with his round shield.
He pushed his combatant back with some hard swings.
Rodregas swung his shield aggressively, he hit the man’s sword with his shield and then banged the other man’s shield hard.
Rodregas’ goal was to see if he could out muscle the man while staying protected by the shield.
It worked!
Clearly his opponent, though set for a heavy blow, was not expecting the strength of Rodregas’ bash.
Still his opponent was too good to fall, even when surprised.
And even as he half fell backwards he used the momentum to slide down and try to land a blow low under the shield.
Rodregas had both quickness and strength on his side.
He blocked the blow with his sword and then bashed down quick and hard multiple times with his shield.
He thought he heard a bone break.
Rodregas paused and the knight signaled him as victor with a finger to the Heavens.
Rodregas followed this pattern throughout the day.
He kept using his sword more to block than to attack and kept using his shield offensively.
This allowed him to take advantage of his unnatural strength to overwhelm his foes.
According to the contest rules, he could replace his shield after every fourth match if need be.
By the final match, he was on his third and final shield.
Most of the rest of the matches were with squires with no ribbons.
But as the afternoon wrapped up his final match was against Karun who had two second place white ribbons on her arm.
Rodregas was pretty sure this match would decide who got the yellow first place ribbon and who would get the white.
If Rodregas won it would give him ten total points after three competitions.
It would give Karun twelve points if she once more came in second.
If he lost, it would be much harder.
Karun would have thirteen and he would have nine points.
He was not sure how Geriodon or Nordien or the other leading contestants were doing.
At the bell the two started to circle.
Karun was a large woman.
She was tall and unusually muscular.
She moved with an easy cat-like grace and was attractive, in an about to kick your ass sort of way.
She was probably of the blood and strong.
She had her brown hair woven into a tight braid and wore well fitting chain and leather armor.
Her sword and shield seemed to be of excellent quality.
Rodregas tried to get a good hold on his shield.
It was battered and not looking good.
The top of its handle was loose.
His sword was possibly worse with chips and a crack starting high up.
As the two circled each other, Rodregas’ realized that his first impression, that she was of the blood was clearly true.
She was both quicker and stronger than a normal human.
She was also highly skilled, and while not as physically gifted as Rodregas, she was powerful.
She was also clearly intelligent.
She must have been watching Rodregas in earlier matches, as she refused to let him close with her shield to shield and let him out muscle her.
She moved quickly and fluidly, keeping her feet moving and keeping her distance.
Her sword wove in and out, back and forth.
Rodregas blocked one blow only to find two others coming at him.
He quickly found himself on the defensive and suffered both a cut on his upper hand and cheek.
He started to worry that the knight would end the match and give Karun the victory.
He tried to use his speed to advantage and trap her sword.
But he nearly lost his sword instead.
He realized that he was outclassed.
Her skills were better than his own and Rodregas’ physical abilities were not so much greater than hers as to counter her superior fighting skills.
For the first time in the tournament Rodregas lost control of the flow of the match as suddenly she moved in swinging hard.
Then again, and again, she went in close with her shield wedging it in, and was able to lock it to his left for just a second.
She swung hard at his open side; he had time to block her stroke but his sword shattered when the two swords collided.
Her sword was at his throat before he could do anything and the officiating knight yelled a stop to the match, handing the yellow band to Karun and the white second place finish to Rodregas.
Doi’van and Imeralda met him at the entrance to the cafeteria, Rodregas stalked in without looking at them and stood quietly in line to get his large bowl of stew and chunk of bread.
They sat down away from where most of the other squires.
The other two sat quietly until all three had finished the repast.
“So how did Geriodon and Nordien finish?” asked Rodregas.
Doi’van spoke, “Geriodon finished first place which puts him in the total lead with a perfect fifteen points.
Nordien only got a third place red ribbon so he has only eleven, Karun is now second with thirteen points.” Rodregas nodded.
With only nine points he was unlikely to be able to compete in the final championship melee.
“Imeralda, can you do me a favor?” Rodregas asked.
“Of course, but I am not sure how I can help,” she said.
Rodregas nodded, but said, “Can you go around to the other top finishers and talk to them, and also go around tonight to the other squires and try to get a feel for them.
See if  you can find out who people want to win and why?” Imeralda was clearly confused by the odd request, but nodded, and after a little talk she slipped away to the food line and within moments was in an animated discussion with a few squires at another table.
Rodregas thought Doi’van might ask, but he showed no interest and instead said, “While most of the knights are too high and mighty to talk to a Hellborn, the staff is not so closed mouthed.
The greater sigils are said to be guarded twenty four hours a day in a great chamber in the very heart of the Cathedral.” “And did you ask if sworn men were allowed in with a new knight?” asked Rodregas with a smile.
“Actually the topic did come up,” said Doi’van with a chuckle like rocks in a land slide.
“While guards are usually not allowed in, it is not unusual for close friends or advisors to go in with some of those of the blood; to share their wisdom on the best possible greater sigils to take on.” “I will assume,” said Rodregas, “that they had never heard of a Nymph entering the chamber, much less one of the Hellborn?” “AElves are not uncommon and actually more Orqui than I expected.
One servant thought that Nymphs used to go in during his father’s, father’s time, but not any time recently.
No one could even imagine a Hellborn going into the Chamber,” agreed Doi’van.
“Well as far behind as we are, we might not even get the chance to try to bully our way in,” Rodregas said.
Doi’van nodded and that comment seemed to end the conversation.
As Rodregas headed out to the sands of the Cathedral arena for the jousting match, he was relieved to see Imeralda waiting at the entrance to talk to him.
She had been out all night on her mission.
“Well, I have to say I am very tired of talking so I will make this quick,” she said with her normal sunny smile.
Rodregas had to admit she did look tired.
“First, Geriodon is much disliked.
He is gruff, unfriendly and too serious to like.
The squires and knights universally dislike him.
This is his third attempt to achieve knighthood and he has gotten closer each time.
While he is the odds on favorite to achieve it this year, no one wants him to win,” she said.
“I went and chatted with him,” she continued “and he hates the Immortalists, but is rather unpleasant and needs to take a bath.
But he is also clearly very honorable.
And when I asked him why he wanted to be a knight…” she paused then added, “he said that some ‘Infernally damned knights’ have to stand up and fight.” “So you think he is a good man?” Rodregas asked.
“I think Geriodon is a ‘holier than thou’ stick in the mud, who needs to learn to bathe and not mumble when he speaks.
And yes, he is probably one of the only men here that actually deserves knighthood.” Rodregas nodded and said, “What about Nordien?” “Nordien is the polar opposite to Geriodon; smooth and friendly… and tried to have sex with me within our first conversation, which was also the only decent thing he said during our conversation.
He seems to really dislike Geriodon and Karun.
He comes from a strong blood line and rich family and feels he should already be a knight and not be forced to be in the tournament.” “So, why is Nordien in the tournament and not knighted?” Rodregas asked.
“From what I can gather, Nordien is very friendly with the Immortalists, including the Ambassador Van’dret, and most people believe that he only wants to be knighted so that he can then leave the knighthood and join the Immortal Guard.” Rodregas nodded.
That was not too surprising; since such ex-knights are usually made officers.
Greater sigils were much more rare in the Guard than the knighthood, not to mention the officers of the Immortal Guard lived in much nicer style than the knighthood.
“The Knight Commander might not be willing to stand up to the Immortalists, but he would be more than willing to skip over giving knighthood to someone who was planning to leave anyhow,” said Rodregas.
They had made it to the stables and Doi’van started to put the saddle and tack onto Doom Hoof, the horse that Doi’van had been riding.
The horse was slow, but big and strong and was the best horse for this kind of combat.
“So finally, Karun,” said Imeralda, “Not too much is known about her; she was an orphan and clearly of the blood and strong.
She is said to be very skilled and she is liked well enough, but no one seems to be an actual friend.
There is a rumor that she might be an actual direct descendent of a God, though no one knew who that God might be.” “Really?
That is rare if true.
What is your gut instinct about her?” Rodregas asked.
“Well, I am not sure if I am just doing the girl power together thing, but while she would not talk to me, I kind of like her.” Rodregas nodded, he had a similar impression.
“Thank you for looking into their backgrounds, Imeralda.
You should go get some sleep; the joust should be going on for hours.” She nodded as he got in the saddle.
But before he could ride out she asked, “I don’t suppose you want to explain why you wanted to know about them?” “I am not sure, just thinking about options,” he answered.
Then he pulled Doom Hoof through a wide turn and tried to get him moving and warmed up.
If the beast felt any excitement or nervousness he was not showing it.
Which Rodregas admitted was better than the opposite reaction.
But the horse felt incredibly sluggish compared to his own mount.
Hopefully, the horses positive qualities would shine in the tournament.
As Rodregas circled around the courtyard warming up his horse he noticed fewer horses than he expected.
After Doom Hoof seemed awake he headed over to where Doi’van stood.
For this competition each squire was allowed a servant to provide support, mostly assistance with equipment, especially fresh lances.
“Where is everyone?” he asked Doi’van.
Doi’van did not look up from the ground where he was trying to straighten out a shield without doing more damage and said, “I wondered that myself.
Apparently most drop out by this point.
A lot have been injured, especially during yesterday’s sword and shield competition, and many simply quit due to not having any points yet.
If you are going into the most dangerous part of the competition to be injured or killed and you have only one or two points, why bother?” Doi’van said.
“To be honest, I am surprised how many are left.
There are still quite a few young fools out there.” “So how many are left now?” Rodregas asked.
“Fifty-four, on my last count,” Doi’van said.
Rodregas was a little worried about his shield and wondered if he should jump in and rescue it from the powerful grip of the Hellborn, but he held his tongue and let Doi’van handle the equipment.
“I see you are employing the forces of the Infernal Realm to aid you in the joust,” said a voice behind Rodregas.
Rodregas unfortunately recognized the voice as that of Ambassador Van’dret even before he turned and saw him standing there.
Two nervous looking squires were standing behind him, one holding a glass and a bottle of wine.
The tall graceful Immortalist had dark robes of deepest black with swirling gold patterns sewn on it.
His hair was pulled back and to the side in an unusual looking style.
“My Lord,” Rodregas responded.
“Is there something that I can help you with?” “I understand that your other servant, the Nymph girl, was out making inquires last night,” said Van’dret.
Rodregas paused at that, unsure of how to respond.
Finally, he said, “It is always good to know who your enemies are and who might be your friends.” “I don’t think you have many friends here,” said Van’dret.
“I have those I need,” responded Rodregas, “I hear, on the other hand, that you are quite popular.
They say that Nordien carries your colors and is your champion.” Rodregas thought he saw the Ambassador’s eyebrow rise slowly, but there was no hesitation to his response.
“As an Ambassador to the knighthood I, of course, have no favorites.
Though as one who works to join the Celestials in the Heavens, I do have an abiding dislike for anything that smells of the Infernal.” His voice was smooth, very reasonable, and intolerably smug.
Rodregas spoke before he could help himself, “Really?
Because I heard that you and Taiga rather liked the smell of the Infernal.
In fact, I heard that it smells very familiar to you.” Rodregas immediately felt ice in his belly; he knew his hint at such knowledge was enough to turn Van’dret fully against him.
The Immortalist’s eyes blazed with fury and Rodregas had no problem thinking that the Infernal Realms were reflected in those cold eyes.
Strangely, it was the one who looked the part of an Infernal Daemon that broke the tense moment.
Doi’van casually stood up and said, “This is the best I can do with this shield and here is your lance.” The Hellborn promptly handed Rodregas the items.
As Rodregas sat on his horse juggling the gear Doi’van finished with, “Now stop teasing the nice Ambassador and go win a pretty ribbon.” His voice managed to be light and teasing even though it was deep enough to vibrate rock.
Rodregas realized his best move was to go quickly, before the angry looking sorcerer could act, and he moved Doom Hoof around and into line.
The judges seemed to pair up the contestants depending on the quality of the armor, either that or Doi’van got lucky.
His first opponent’s armor was not much better than his own.
As Doom Hoof plodded forward Rodregas was able to land a solid strike on his opponent’s shield.
It was probably no less than the strike that he received in return.
But Rodregas was able to hold on to his big steed and absorb the blow.
His opponent landed on the ground with a crash.
When you were knocked off your mount you had the choice to get back on again and face the same opponent.
The winner of two out of three rounds won the whole match.
Rodregas’ opponent did not get up.
He circled around and checked on the man.
Rodregas could not tell if the man was alive or dead so he dismounted and took off the man’s helm.
The man was covered in sweat and was surprisingly old.
He was clearly alive, if unconscious.
A few young squires ran out and helped to drag the man to get medical care.
Rodregas’ next opponent followed in like manner, though he got up and gave Rodregas a second round.
Rodregas circled around to Doi’van who held his spare shields and the provided lances.
“This next one is wearing full plate armor, but it is steel.
If you can take him down you should be in the top ten or fifteen,” Doi’van said.
Rodregas flexed his shoulders.
He had the physical power of a Celestial Lion, but blows from mounted lancers had the power to hurt.
“I think I need to change shields,” he said.
Doi’van glanced at what remained of Rodregas’ shield and simply nodded and handed him one of their other shields.
It was not in great shape, but it was whole.
Rodregas watched a few of the other matches before it was his turn again.
Except for him, everyone remaining wore full plate.
Rodregas’ next opponent was shining in the sun in his steel; which was better than him having to face Night Bronze plate, but still not very reassuring.
The flag fell and Rodregas dug his heals into Doom Hoof’s side and the mount plodded forward.
His opponent’s horse looked almost as powerful, but much faster.
The collision happened before Rodregas was fully expecting it and he felt himself hit the ground and hit it hard.
“Great,” Rodregas muttered to himself, “He has a Dire Steed and full plate armor.” Rodregas rolled over and pushed himself up, Doom Hoof stood nosing the sand looking for food.
“The damned beast should be pulling plows not in a tournament for knighthood.” Rodregas thought.
Rodregas’ opponent was starting to turn around, probably to ask for his surrender.
Rodregas painfully climbed back up on Doom Hoof and circled the horse back to Doi’van for a new lance and shield.
Doi’van handed over the equipment and said, “How did you break a shield on a single joust?” Rodregas grunted a non-committal response, and tried to find a comfortable position to hold his lance.
“This is our last shield so when it is gone, we are done,” Doi’van said.
Rodregas nodded in response, he had to get right back to the tilt, as it was still his turn to fight.
Rodregas’ opponent was waiting for his return and was off full speed as soon as the flag fell.
Doom Hoof was barely into a trot before the new opponent came into range.
Rodregas knew he could not hit straight up against the more heavily armored and mounted opponent.
So he dropped away from his opponent’s side with speed that his opponent could not match and then stood up in his stirrups and swung his lance into the man.
That move was similar to one of the moves Doi’van had taught him with the quarterstaff.
A normal lancer did not have the strength to use the heavy lance in such a way.
His blow landed high and Rodregas drove his lance into the man’s shoulder.
Shattered pieces of wood filled the air.
His opponent flew out of the saddle, an ungainly sight, and landed hard on the arena floor.
He did not get back up.
After a few minutes the official signaled Rodregas’ victory.
Rodregas headed back to Doi’van who said, “I don’t think that technique is what the knights had in mind.” His voice showed his personal pleasure, knowing that a move he had taught Rodregas lead to his victory.
Rodregas nodded and said, “Decided that my advantage of strength was being matched by armor and steed, so it was time to use agility.
I was not sure it would work.” “It will be harder the next time.
Good luck,” Doi’van said.
Rodregas’ next opponent for the joust was riding a powerful war steed and was in the dark non-reflective brown of full Night Bronze armor.
Rodregas recognized the simple gray banner of Geriodon.
His arm was decorated with the ribbons of his accomplishments in the tournament to date.
As the flag fell it seemed like Geriodon was half way to Rodregas before Doom Hoof started to move.
Rodregas knew that the only way he would be able to dodge the lance was if his timing was perfect.
He raised himself up as the lance lowered down and dodged to the right.
But the lance followed him this time and he felt his body being ripped off the saddle.
CHAPTER 14 THE ORDER
Rodregas blinked at the sunlight in his eyes and raised his hand to create some shade.
Pain shot through his body at the movement.
He felt his body, now without armor, for any serious wounds.
“The good news is that while the tip of the lance did slice into your chest a bit, it is almost healed thanks to what Jordaan did,” said Doi’van standing above him.
Rodregas realized he was lying on the ground over by where Doi’van had been keeping the lances and equipment.
The spare lances were gone.
He had lost.
Doi’van was of course referring to the healing sigil.
He wisely did not say it out loud as every squire there would have been asking about where they had gotten one.
Rodregas started to get up, but quickly decided it was smarter to stay lying down for now.
“Where did we finish?” he asked.
“Actually we did pretty good.
There were more than a few that cannot go on, even if you had won.
You finished eighth overall in the tournament, with a second place white ribbon for the joust.
Several of those who would now be higher are too injured to continue.
So you are now in fourth place overall.
Geriodon and Nordien were the top two finishers,” said Doi’van.
Rodregas nodded.
The pain was easier to manage knowing that at least he was still in the running for the tournament championship.
Imeralda stepped into his sight shaking her head, “You men are crazy sometimes; you actually look pleased!
If your armor had not held you would be dead now.
And it is not like you are fighting someone who deserves to die.
Most of these men are honorable warriors.” Rodregas nodded.
“True, hopefully another day of this though and we will be back to fighting those we should be fighting, and it will be far harder to stop me if I achieve a greater sigil.” Imeralda crouched down, she had a very serious expression on her face, and Rodregas had a sense that he was not going to like what she said next.
“Rodregas,” she said slowly, “we are not doing this for vanity right?” Rodregas nodded, he sensed she knew the answer to the question but was going somewhere with the question.
She looked around to make sure others in the arena could not overhear.
“We attacked a slave caravan simply because there were children and innocents that needed rescuing though the odds were against us.” Rodregas nodded again.
“On the way here I passed the healers tent,” she continued.
“The healers have cleaned the wounds and cast their healing chants and spells, but I think some of them won’t make it.
I think we should use the minor Sigil of Healing on them, at least the most critical of them.” She paused at Rodregas’ surprised look and then quickly added, “I know it is illegal for anyone but the Immortalists or the Order to use sigils, but that is a law made by the Immortalists!” “But Imeralda,” said Doi’van, “the final competition of the tournament is tomorrow and he is very close to earning knighthood and a greater sigil.” Though he spoke in opposition his tone was flat as if he simply weighed facts.
Rodregas froze for a moment, and then simply nodded.
He had made this decision the moment he took on a body that was not his.
He was either a monster now, or he was a warrior fighting for justice.
He struggled up to his feet and said, “Go get the figurine out of my trunk, keep it hidden.
Doi’van and I will meet you outside of the infirmary.” Rodregas was pleased that neither Doi’van nor Imeralda actually looked surprised.
He was not the only one who had decided that someone had to start doing the right thing and that they were those people.
As Rodregas and Doi’van met Imeralda outside the infirmary doors, he could hear the sound of people in pain coming through the doors.
The sight inside was not pretty.
It was not the warm and open space of the Nymph’s healing room, but full of crowded cots and kneeling chatting figures in the yellow robes of healers.
Rodregas was sore himself.
Even walking shot pain up his shoulders and into his neck.
But the men and women in the room looked like they had come off a battle field.
The majority were covered in bandages stained red with blood.
Splints holding together broken bones were also in clear evidence.
At least the enchantment against flying insects seemed to be holding, otherwise it would have been even worse.
Imeralda led the two men over to a corner where a young man lay; he was unconscious and looked near death.
From his wounds Rodregas guessed he had been injured during the sword and shield competition.
To Rodregas’ relief no one was paying them any attention, not even to Doi’van.
Rodregas and Doi’van did their best to block the view of others as Imeralda gathered the limp pale hand that should have belonged to an old man, not a young one, and slipped the small frog figurine into it.
Quickly she channeled the power.
Rodregas could feel the instinctive rise of the young man’s own power.
Then the squire started to squirm weakly in pain.
Both Doi’van and Rodregas reached out and steadied the young man until it was over.
Imeralda straightened the sheets for the young squire.
She then led Rodregas and Doi’van to the figure of a woman.
She was short and muscular and older than average for the tournament.
Her bed was more exposed and Rodregas could feel the attention of one of the healers.
He seemed to be afraid to come over even when the body started to shake in pain.
After they stepped away from the female squire the healer came over to the other side of the bed from Rodregas and Doi’van and touched the woman’s neck.
He looked reassured at her vital signs and said, “What did you do?” He looked nervous, though Rodregas was not sure why.
Imeralda spoke up, “I hope you are not offended, but I am part Nymph and our healing powers work differently than yours.
She should heal faster for the next few days.” Rodregas hid his smile; it was a good cover story.
“Thank you,” said the healer.
“Do you have the strength to heal a few others?
I think we will lose several more otherwise.” Rodregas could not tell if the healer believed Imeralda’s story or recognized what was going on and was going along with it to save his patients.
“I would be happy to help them, but I have to do it as privately as possible,” said Imeralda.
The healer did not seem to take the odd request as being unusual and simply stepped away after leading them to two more patients.
The healer thanked Imeralda for her healing work and the three were heading out the door when a frail voice called out, “Rodregas, may I speak to you?” Rodregas turned around and noticed for the first time the tall shapely form of Karun who had defeated him with sword and shield.
She had propped herself up now on the bed and waved them over.
Her arm was clearly broken and her side was bandaged.
She looked bad, but her complexion looked good and he did not think her seriously hurt.
His heart froze though at her quiet whisper.
“You share a minor sigil very freely for being in the great Cathedral itself,” her voice was but a whisper, her eyes more curious then challenging.
“They would likely die without our aid,” said Imeralda.
Doi’van nodded next to her.
Rodregas thought that Doi’van was strangely silent.
He guessed that the Hellborn was afraid to speak, even in a whisper.
His voice was like granite breaking and traveled.
“So you risk your life to save strangers?” the female squire asked.
Her voice actually sounded curious.
Rodregas said, “Yes, we do.
You seem like an honorable squire, would you also like a minor Sigil of Healing?” He thought she was going to laugh at his question at first, but then she simply whispered, “That simple?” “Almost.” Rodregas said.
“Promise to say nothing about this, and also promise that you will use your sigil wisely and that if you have a chance to help us you will do so.” “You are creating your own little Shadow Order?” she asked.
She was referring to stories of secrete orders of knighthood that lived in the ‘shadows.’ Rodregas started to say no but then thought the idea actually had some advantages, “Welcome to the Order of…,” he paused.
He almost said “The Celestial Lions.” But while he might be filled with the essence of a Celestial animal, he stood with a being of elemental power and one of infernal power.
“The Lion,” he simply finished.
It was the only real symbol that he could think of.
“What of the others?” she asked.
Rodregas was confused by her question and asked, “What others?” Karun answered, “There are a lot of very good squires here, honorable men and women who could benefit from the sigil.” Rodregas’ head was spinning at the idea.
They were already being hunted by the Immortalists, and gaining some allies was not a bad idea.
But their luck would only hold so far.
Doi’van spoke now, trying hard to be quiet, “Only men you would swear have a strong sense of honor and no one who would serve the Immortalists.” Karun glanced around the room nervously at Doi’van’s voice; it was just not made for covert conversations and his words were very dangerous.
Then she nodded thoughtfully and the four quickly agreed that they would share the sigil with anyone who were skilled, honorable and had no love for the Immortalist Guild.
They returned to their rooms that night tired; they had tracked down twelve more squires.
All had at least two ribbons; and all swore secrecy at the source of their sigil.
The biggest surprise was probably Geriodon, who had beaten Rodregas earlier that day.
Rodregas could not argue against sharing the minor sigil as he clearly fit the description of a worthy candidate.
Geriodon was more than happy to swear that he had no love for the Guild and that Justice should be dealt to all equally.
But before accepting the sigil he wanted to be sure that any Shadow Order he joined was mostly about secrecy to protect themselves, and that he would still be able to compete for true knighthood in the Order of the Soaring Heavens.
Rodregas dropped into his cot tired and exhausted.
Even with his healing sigil he had needed a full night’s rest, but duty did not wait for what a man needed.
Imeralda woke him slightly after dawn, and Rodregas could tell that both she and Doi’van had spent the few hours left of the night working on what was left of their equipment.
The tear in both his leather shirt and chain were sewn up, the first with thread the second with steel wire.
For a mace, Doi’van had bought a piece of round solid steel from the smithy.
It was a crude thing but of the proper size to qualify for the tournament.
He dressed and ate quickly, and walked out to the sands of the arena.
The arena smelled fresh.
Sometime during the night it must have rained and young squires had raked the sands.
The final competition of the tournament was a true melee.
Only the top ten finishers qualified.
There was no taking turns.
The ten were spread out in a circle.
In the center of the arena was a shield painted with the seal of the knighthood, a winged sword in the clouds.
The squire who claimed that shield and made it to the Cathedral’s main hall with it would be knighted on the spot by the Knight Commander of the Order.
This day would decide Rodregas’ fate.
It was likely to end in defeat.
He stood flexing his sore shoulders, waiting for the flag to drop.
Across from him was Geriodon who was standing tall and ready in his Night Bronze armor.
He looked to have gotten much more sleep than Rodregas, and of course, now he also had a minor Sigil of Healing.
So what little advantage Rodregas might have had was no longer.
Directly to Rodregas’ left stood the tall graceful figure of Nordien, he was as tall as Rodregas if not quite as muscular and his armor was spectacular.
Geriodon had a full suit of Night Bronze armor which was plain and serviceable looking.
Nordien’s armor was a work of art.
His great helm had a purple feather sticking out the top and he had a short, matching cape coming out the back.
Rodregas decided that he would go after Nordien first.
He would make sure the favorite of Ambassador Van’dret would not win if nothing else.
If Geriodon became a knight at least an honorable man had the day.
Several of the squires were being seen to by attendants making sure everything was secure, and waiting for the start of the match.
Rodregas thought he was alone until he heard Imeralda speak from behind him, “Did you see who is watching from the Great Hall’s door?” she asked.
Rodregas glanced over, it was Van’dret.
He stood tall and handsome, young squires surrounding him ready to serve.
Rodregas thought that the Immortalist was watching him.
He would have to leave quickly after the tournament, as the man was growing suspicious of them.
Rodregas would have loved to kill him, but Van’dret was a powerful sorcerer capable of magic that made him nearly impossible to kill.
“Do you remember The Lion?” asked Imeralda.
“What?” Rodregas asked.
He sounded as confused as he felt.
“The Celestial Lion.
Do you remember him?
The way he walked; the way he moved,” she said.
“Of course,” he said.
No one could forget seeing a Celestial animal of any kind much less a lion.
“You know the great beasts of the Celestial Realm are not just magical animals.
They are more.
They are the embodiment of magic, of ideas or concepts for the Celestials: The Great White Stag, The Moon Wolf, The Lion, The Stallion.
Dire beasts are animals with magic and they are more powerful, smarter, and stronger because of their magic.
Celestial Beasts are far more.
You saw that for yourself didn’t you?” she asked softly.
Rodregas simply nodded.
It was interesting what she said, but he was not sure why she was bringing it up at this time.
“Only the Immortalist have ever taken on the essence of a Celestial Beast as they get ready to become gods,” Imeralda continued.
Her eyes wandering around the arena, waiting.
Her voice had a casual quality, but Rodregas sensed she thought this very important.
“When Doi’van sees you, he thinks of you as one of the blood, a noble in fact, if not by birth.
Most of the men and women in this circle are that; faster, stronger because they descend from a Celestial god.
But you are not that.
The Celestial Beasts all represent something.” She paused, looking at him for the first time.
“What does The Lion represent, Rodregas?” she asked.
Rodregas was silent for a moment and then said, “Strength, the Hunter, and Protector of the Pride.” He spoke words that he knew he had learned as a child at temple.
Imeralda nodded, a smile starting to appear on her face.
“And what would happen if this group of squires tried to take on a Celestial Lion?” she asked.
Rodregas started to laugh at the idea and then stopped cold.
He nodded, he understood her point now.
The two sat quietly for the remaining minutes.
The dread in his heart was gone; it had no place in the heart of a lion.
While no speeches had started the other matches, for the first time Rodregas saw the Grand Marshal himself step forward.
His name was Faurrenida.
The Grand Marshal was an older man and not a pretty one; his face had more scars than anything else.
He spoke with a rough voice like he was permanently hoarse from barking commands.
“Today,” he yelled out, “we have a match of men and women who are ready to become knights, to be the very Champions of the Gods on this world.
They are all worthy, but there can be only one new knight this day.” Faurrenida looked around slowly catching each of them by the eye.
Rodregas was caught up in the commanding presence of the man.
“To the Order and to the Celestials!” his voice was half command and half prayer.
Everyone including combatants and those watching from wall and window responded, so that the words swirled around the arena.
“To the Order and to the Celestials!” This time the Grand Marshal seemed to look around at all the spectators until finally he nodded, satisfied.
Without another word he strode out.
Imeralda followed him as did all the squire’s attendants.
It was time for the final match.
Rodregas left his shield and mace relaxed at his side and strode over to Nordien, who stood with shield and mace at the ready.
Instead of attacking he asked the big man, “So, are people right, do you plan to serve the Immortalists if you gain the greater sigil?” The squire looked around a little confused.
He was clearly not expecting a conversation, but no one was near enough to hear.
“The Immortalists are the true power of the realm.
To tie ones self to them is only smart,” Nordien responded.
“So, you do not deny it,” said Rodregas.
“It is not to a squire that I am going to either admit or deny such claims.
Now fight me.” His voice was smooth, but the end was more a growl than anything.
Rodregas laughed and let Nordien see his smile.
“Well,” Rodregas said, “let us see how well you will do in battle against an Immortalist.” With that, Rodregas simply charged.
He dropped his poor mace and slammed into Nordien with all his speed and strength.
Rodregas hit shield first, then instantly dropped his own shield, grabbed on to Nordien’s shield and ripped it out of his hands.
Nordien’s mace was not just made of Night Bronze.
It was clearly enchanted since the end glowed with an almost sick yellow color.
It almost nailed him in the head.
He dodged down and then in close and with his hands free simply grabbed the opposing squire from the top and bottom edges of his breast plate.
He then heaved the armored man in the air, something even he could only do for a moment, and then slammed him down onto the smooth sands of the arena.
Nordien hit with such force that his arms and legs flew like a small doll’s.
Rodregas fell on top of the armored form, grabbed the bottom of the helmet, and ripped it off.
Unfortunately, it was firmly secured.
When Rodregas ripped it off he took a good section of jaw with the helm.
Rodregas then threw the helm aside and punched the man in the face, full strength, several times.
His first hit smashed the front of Nordien’s face.
The second blow shattered it.
The third blow smashed the head to pulp.
Rodregas probably should have picked up Nordien’s mace and shield, but he also knew that without plate armor, he could not afford a long drawn out series of pounding matches.
Rodregas would fight like a lion instead.
He charged the next closest squire who was approaching another squire.
His new opponent never knew he was coming.
He was heavily covered in armor with little visibility so he never saw Rodregas jumping on him from behind.
This opponent was smaller and crashed to the ground at the unexpected weight of the attack.
Rodregas was more careful in ripping off this squire’s helm, and punched him in the face but once.
It was enough.
He took out four other squires before anyone seemed to realize that he had changed the rules.
Not to his surprise, it was Geriodon who was the first to face him and fend him off.
Rodregas almost ran face into the squire’s mace, only throwing himself down barely in time to miss the blow.
Rodregas knew that if this was going to work he had to keep up the momentum.
He spun around and started to run around his opponent, circle him at a breakneck speed.
Geriodon responded perfectly.
He kept one foot planted and spun tight to help counter Rodregas’ speed.
It should have worked.
And it did work for several minutes.
Rodregas simply kept running in a circle around Geriodon just outside the range of his mace.
He dug into the sand with his feet and he ran, and kept running.
Minutes went by before Geriodon’s own spin move went a little too fast as he tired.
Then Rodregas simply threw himself into the man and wrestled him to the ground.
Even as Rodregas carefully ripped Geriodon’s helmet off the squire kept fighting.
This man was a true fighter and Rodregas wished that he could also become a knight, but there could be only one winner today.
Rodregas’ fist stopped the squire’s struggles.
He looked around and to his alarm he saw the last remaining squire running toward the hall with the shield.
It was generally understood that you did not try to claim the shield until the last opponent was down.
But, of course, the winner was simply the first to take the shield to the hall.
Rodregas jumped up and ran, his arms pumping.
He was almost as surprised as the armored squire with how fast he caught him and knocked him to the ground.
This squire, though, thrust the shield at him and collapsed to the ground.
Rodregas looked around the arena to make sure no one was left to fight and then headed into the great hall, carrying the shield of the tournament champion.
As he walked the hallway into the main hearing chamber, knights stood along the walls.
As Rodregas passed they all mumbled the same words to him, “Welcome to the Order my brother.” Several reached out and shook his hand or showed other signs of welcome.
Others, though, looked at him strangely, clearly put off by the way he had won the melee.
He felt a little unsteady, not sure what to make of both the welcome and the uncomfortable looks.
As he passed through the doors in the main hearing chamber, the Grand Marshal stood at the far end waiting.
In the chamber were both knights and squires.
Many smiled; he thought a few looked like the ones in the hall, not sure what to think of this new knight.
Rodregas was not surprised that when he started to kneel in front of the Grand Marshal, for Van’dret to step forward and speak.
“Grand Marshal, you are not really thinking of knighting this fiend, are you?
He killed a fellow squire out there.
And he consorts with Nymphs and Infernals, not people of the Celestial Realm.
You do the Order a disservice to make him a Knight of the Soaring Heavens.” Van’dret’s voice was slow and reasonable sounding and he spoke not so much to the Grand Marshal as to the audience.
“I but follow the rules of the Order as they have stood for unknown centuries, Ambassador.
While there are many things that go into raising a squire to knighthood, the tournament is the exception.
The rules are simple; win and you win knighthood.
While undue bloodshed can disqualify you, a single death during the tournament is not unusual.” While the Grand Marshal spoke, he did not look at the audience.
He looked at Van’dret and he did not look happy at the interruption.
“But clearly he already has a greater sigil; no man can fight like that who does not have one.
He is an impostor.
He steals this knighthood from more deserving squires,” Van’dret said.
At this Rodregas saw many people nodding, but he remained silent.
It was not his turn to answer any question other than from the Grand Marshal.
The Marshal Faurrenida voice made his displeasure and his dislike of arguing with a non-knight clear as he said, “While a knight has the full right to enter both the Lesser and Greater Sigil Chambers and take and sigil as his level of magic might allow, it is not a sigil he earns today.
It is knighthood.
Now, the discussion is over.” growled Marshal Faurrenida.
To forestall any further argument, the Grand Marshal stepped forward quickly and drew his sword.
The sword gleamed of the highest quality blue steel and red fire seemed to run its length.
Marshal Faurrenida laid the sword on Rodregas’ right shoulder and said, “Squire, you come to us this day.
Think well and be sure on your decision to swear these oaths.” Faurrenida paused for a second and then slowly added.
“Will you swear to uphold the Rules of Chivalry, to serve the Order of the Soaring Heavens with honor, and to serve as the Champion of the Celestials on this World if called to be a Paladin?” “My Lord Grand Marshal, I so swear in the name of the Celestial Gods.” Strangely, instead of being excited, he felt tired.
In some ways he was adding another burden and it was heavy.
“Arise, Sir Rodregas, Knight of the Soaring Heavens and be made welcome in the Cathedral of the Heavens.” Applause filled the room, though it was muted.
Rodregas looked for Doi’van and Imeralda and he was sad to see that they had not been there to share his moment.
Van’dret at least had left.
The next few hours went by quickly.
He was introduced to many people.
It was late as the other knights went to find sleep when both Doi’van and Imeralda suddenly both appeared.
He could see from their body language that they were ready to do more than congratulate him.
CHAPTER 15 DARK SHADOWS
Doi’van led the three deeper into the great cathedral and said, “Sir Rodregas, congratulations are in order for becoming a Knight of the Soaring Heavens, but I fear Van’dret is getting suspicious.
You now have the right to enter the Chamber that holds the greater sigils.
I think you need to go there now.” Rodregas nodded.
“Can I bring you two into the Chamber as my advisors?” “That does seem to be allowed,” said Imeralda, “Traditionally that is more about fathers with sons, not half bloods and Hellborns, but I think we might have a bigger problem.” She stopped speaking mid sentence, and Rodregas curiously looked back at her, but she was staring ahead.
A figure stood there tall and graceful.
He had appeared out of nowhere, as if by magic.
It was Van’dret.
“Ah, I see the three of you are all together and far away from the others, how convenient for me.” Van’dret casually reached out toward the side wall and they could vaguely hear him mumble a few words.
A second later the sound of doors slamming and bolts and locks sliding closed echoed from every direction.
“I hope you don’t mind, but I don’t think I want to be interrupted.” Rodregas reached for his sword, but found he did not have one.
He froze for but a second, unsure of what to do.
Then Van’dret spit on the ground and spoke a guttural sound.
Suddenly Rodregas’ and the others’ feet were stuck to the ground, and no matter how hard they pulled their feet would not move.
“You know there is a reason that the Immortalist Sorcerers rule this land.
I have a few questions for you though before I leave your dried up husks behind for the rats.” Rodregas growled to himself and pulled the only weapon he had, a small dagger, out and threw it hard straight at Van’dret.
A second dagger flew almost in the same heart beat from Doi’van.
The sorcerer simply waved in the air and both daggers flew to the side and clattered off the wall.
The sorcerer smiled, standing tall, and Rodregas had to admit he seemed very relaxed and in control.
His expensive black and gold robes were perfectly cut, his dark hair was slicked back.
He might be wearing the body of a twenty year old, but he showed all the self confidence of a man who counted his age in decades if not centuries.
Van’dret’s voice reflected the articulation and grace of a man who had all the time in the world to enjoy the finer things in life.
“So let us dispense with the silly games and lies.
Let me be clear about something.
You killed Nordien who was a friend of mine.
You all die this day.
There is no need for you to use deceptions or exaggerations.
You die today either way, so speak the truth and it will be a less interesting death.” Rodregas was furious at himself to be this close to gaining a greater sigil and having achieved knighthood, and then to be caught in a hallway this close to the chamber.
That, of course, was life.
There were no simple victories.
“What do you want to know?” Rodregas asked.
“An Immortalist sorcerer died recently and then this summer someone ambushed a caravan with fresh stock for the Menagerie.
I believe these two events are connected, and I even think you might be the connection,” Van’dret said.
His words gaining an edge of anger at the end.
Rodregas glanced at the other two.
Doi’van met his inquiring look, but did not respond.
Imeralda was huddled behind Doi’van’s great bulk.
For a moment Rodregas thought she was hiding from fear of the great sorcerer.
Then he saw she was actually reading one of the Grimoires that she must have had with her.
Her fingers were making patterns in the air.
She was too busy to look up at Rodregas, but he almost smiled.
He had no idea what she was trying to do, but at least they had something to try.
He needed to keep Van’dret busy to give Imeralda time to do whatever magic she was going to cast.
Rodregas turned to Van’dret and said, “Well, since you are killing us today, how about we make things interesting for both sides?
I will answer a question of yours every time that you answer one of mine.” Van’dret expression darkened and he almost hissed his outrage, “You would bargain with me, with your life held by a string?” For some strange reason that Rodregas was sure reflected a very deep character flaw, he felt his face break out in a very large toothy grin as he said, “And I have what to lose?” Van’dret stared at him for several long minutes before he shrugged and said, “Very well, ask me your question, but then you will answer mine or you die.” Rodregas simply nodded.
He had no lack of questions, but was not sure which to ask first.
He decided going small first would cause a less violent reaction.
Rodregas said, “How did you find us down here?” Van’dret’s expression at the question was like he had asked why is the sky blue.
He nearly sneered his answer, “Through magic, of course, a simple tracking spell.” Van’dret did not go small, “Are you three responsible for the death of the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr?” “Yes and no,” responded Rodregas.
He almost left it at that, but decided to continue, “I killed Ravenhurr during the Ceremony of Ascension.
I threw him into his own consuming flames.
The other two I did not meet until afterwards.” At Rodregas’ response Van’dret stared at him, “You killed an Immortalist Sorcerer by yourself in his tower?
You truly claim that?” Rodregas almost laughed.
He did chuckle a bit as he said, “First, you want me to admit that I killed an Immortalist Sorcerer, and when I do, you don’t believe me.
An old soldier like me just can’t win.” Van’dret was too smart not to pick up his hint, “An old soldier?” he asked very quietly.
“My turn to ask a question,” said Rodregas.
“How did you connect the three of us to these crimes?” Van’dret shrugged and smiled and said, “To be honest, I did not really think you were the ones.
I simply did not like you, and the way you hung out with non-Celestials.
It is unnatural.
Now, it is my turn to ask a question.” “Actually,” interrupted Rodregas, “you already asked me about being an old soldier.
Let me answer that first.
I was a sergeant in Ravenhurr’s guard and I am afraid I have become what I learned to hate more than anything, an Immortalist.” Rodregas paused and took a deep breath.
What he said next was hard even for himself to say, “In truth, I am an old man who had his time on this world and did not do much with it.
But now I have stolen the body of a very promising young man.
I will die feeling guilty for what I have done, but I plan to take a few of you with me.
Now, it is my turn for a question,” he said.
Rodregas hoped that Imeralda would do whatever she was going to do soon; the conversation was escalating and he did not think they had much time before things got deadly.
Rodregas asked, “Why did the Immortalist Taiga capture my friend Doi’van and keep him in his Menagerie of Earth, Sky and Fire for two years before selling him to Ravenhurr?
He is a Hellborn and should have been of no interest to those trying to become Celestial Gods.” Van’dret became very still at this question, for a long moment he neither moved nor spoke.
Rodregas wondered briefly if he even breathed or if the powerful sorcerer had moved beyond such mortal needs.
Finally Van’dret said, “I cannot say what was in the minds of others.” Van’dret started to raise his hand and Rodregas spoke quickly trying to keep him engaged, “So, are you saying there are not Immortalists led by Taiga who are breaking ‘The One Law’ set by both the Gods in the Celestial Realm and the Daemon Lordsin the Infernal to keep balance?” Van’dret went pale at Rodregas words and then he stood up very tall.
For the first time true anger was in his words, “You do not know what you are getting in the middle of.
You are barely more than a squire and yet you would get in a battle of beings so much greater than you?” The Immortalist went from anger to laughter, but his laughter did not last long.
His laughter was like all things Immortalist, beautiful but cold.
When it ended he said simply, “Time for the three of you to die.” What Rodregas did next he knew was meaningless, but he hoped it would give Imeralda a last chance to act.
He reached inside where he used to find his ‘itch,’ except his former little magical power was now a raging volcano.
He had learned from Imeralda a new spell to make light; he waved his hands,  mumbled the incantation, and then threw all his power, and sent it straight at Van’dret in a stream of energy that felt like a river of lava flowing from his hands.
In fact there was not so much as a flicker of light.
Rodregas lacked the discipline to channel the power.
Van’dret’s senses were acute on things arcane and he felt the coming flood of power as if it was a real physical thing.
Van’dret spread his hands and made a frantic move that sent a corona of power around him.
Of course no focused magic came near him, and what did occur startled even Rodregas.
Imeralda was literally flying through the air and she had her dagger drawn.
She did not land smoothly, colliding into Van’dret’s lower body, but she instantly straightened and thrust her dagger into Van’dret’s stomach.
The dagger did not sink far; a few inches.
Rodregas expected Van’dret to get his hands up and fend her off, but he seemed to be in shock.
Imeralda pulled the dagger out and then viscously stuck it back in the sorcerer, her body moved with the stroke, clearly using every ounce of strength she had.
Still the blade only stuck in a few inches, but Van’dret screamed and fell to the floor and started to drag himself away.
As soon as the surprisingly high pitch of Van’dret scream sounded, both Doi’van’s and Rodregas’ feet were free.
Rodregas stumbled for a moment, but was running almost, even as he caught himself.
Imeralda was stepping forward with the dagger to finish Van’dret, but he caught her arm and said, “Wait.
Stop, let me.
He should be as strong as I am.
Let me and Doi’van get in close.” She hesitated, but nodded and handed her dagger to him.
Doi’van pounded past the two and picked Van’dret off the ground, by the front of his robes, and gave him a backhanded slap across the face.
It was with enough power to have snapped a normal man’s neck, but Van’dret looked more startled than hurt.
“Gag him and don’t let him move his fingers,” said Imeralda.
Even as Doi’van nodded he slapped his open palm against Van’dret’s mouth and used his other hand to grab one of the sorcerer’s free hands.
Rodregas grabbed the other.
“Put him on the ground and kneel on him,” Rodregas said to Doi’van.
The Hellborn nodded and pushed the sorcerer down on the cold stone ground.
He next straddled the man with his knees, pining his shoulders.
“I am going to ask him a few questions.
If either of you think he is going to cast a spell, kill him.” The other two nodded at Rodregas.
Rodregas reached down and slid the blade under the sorcerer’s chin and said, “One spell and you die,” he then nodded to Doi’van and the Hellborn lifted his hand a few inches from Van’dret’s mouth.
Van’dret whispered, “Please, I am bleeding.
I need to see a healer.” Rodregas stared at the sorcerer in disbelief.
He suffered a few minor injuries and he expected they would just go get him a healer?
The man killed people to steal their bodies and power.
How could he think they would respond to such a request?
“Please hurry, I need a healer now,” Van’dret demanded.
“We will get you a healer as soon as you finish answering our questions,” said Doi’van, his voice more growl than speech.
“First tell us who among the Immortalists are trying to break ‘The One Law’ and why,” “I can’t,” Van’dret whimpered.
“I mean I don’t know anything about Immortalists breaking ‘The One Law.’” He suddenly groaned and would have doubled up if Doi’van had not been sitting on his chest.
Imeralda smiled.
She was poking his two wounds with her fingers.
Strangely, his tone strengthened with the pain.
Rodregas had been getting the idea that it had been a long time since Van’dret had faced any uncomfortable physical injury, a very, very, long time.
But his chin came up and his body tried to straighten as he said, “I am an Ambassador for the Immortalist Guild, a friend to the Guild Dealer Taiga himself.
How dare you?” Then he said a single word and from his mouth poured a huge wind, Doi’van flayed around trying to hold on to Van’dret, but he lost his grip and hit the ceiling hard.
Rodregas crunched the fingers he was holding and heard them snap, even as he was being pushed away.
With the snapping of the fingers the wind stopped.
Rodregas then dropped the hand, grabbed Van’dret’s head and twisted.
He remembered that day in Raven Tower when he had snapped Korin’s neck and his arms bunched up, his muscles rippling with the strain.
Van’dret was an Immortalist.
His neck did not snap easily, but it snapped.
Rodregas did not stop snapping it until he had the man’s face looking into the rock below.
The three sat there for a minute and then stepped away to rest against the far wall to get some distance from Van’dret’s body.
After a few minutes Doi’van said, “Well, one more Immortalist down, that’s good.” The other two nodded.
Rodregas said, “We did not learn much more though.
We still don’t really understand why they are interested in Infernal power now and willing to break The One Law.” “You mean if that is what they are doing.
We really don’t know for sure, other than for Ravenhurr,” said Imeralda.
Doi’van, sounding like granite, said, “I know Taiga is involved.” The other two nodded, but did not pursue that thought.
Rodregas then said, “I agree we are just starting to figure out that there is something big going on.
I can’t believe even the Immortalists would be crazy enough to go up against both the Celestial Gods and the Daemon Lordsof the Infernal though.” Imeralda nodded and said, “What price is so high as to be even better than God hood?” The three sat silent for a few minutes soaking in that question.
Rodregas looked at Imeralda and asked, “Well, we can’t answer that today, but how did you break Van’dret’s spell?” Imeralda nodded and with a smile said, “I always hoped that if I had to take on a sorcerer it would be in the Forest where I would have an edge, but no, it had to be in a hallway!
I knew my regular spells; he would counter without a problem.
So I had to work around the spell.
The spell was one to hold you from walking or running.
I actually tried to dance or hop,” she said with a smile.
“But he was too good, he had those covered.
But, I have been practicing a spell to float in the air, and that worked.
The spell was not designed to stop someone from floating in place.
And then I told Doi’van to throw me at Van’dret.” “That was a crazy chance, as an Immortalist he could have split you in two with his bare hands,” said Rodregas.
“I know,” she said, her voice a little shaken.
“But we were out of options and it was the only thing I could think of.” Then she added with more confidence, “Plus, while everyone knows a knight might learn a bit of magic, a sorcerer never learns to fight.
They have servants for that.” The three shared a smile at that.
Rodregas was very glad that he had insisted that she learn the fundamentals of blade work.
“So what now?” he asked.
“Now we go see if we can get some greater sigils,” said Doi’van.
“We?” Rodregas asked.
“And have you decided to take a greater sigil even it if cost you most of your magic?” Doi’van nodded and said, “Yes, I like to learn magic, but we are on a mission, one that is very important.
The Immortalists, especially Taiga, must be stopped.
If we are going to do that I will be of most use as a warrior.
We have a powerful magic user,” he said with a smile.
Imeralda smiled back at the complement and the three got back and continued their walk to the Chamber of Sigils.
CHAPTER 16 TO RAISE A SWORD
Rodregas was careful to walk with the confidence due of a new knight eager for his awards.
Doi’van and Imeralda followed two steps behind, both playing the role of faithful servants to the hilt.
He saw the double, engraved doors ahead of them, a pair of knights on each side of the door.
The doors were large enough that the three of them could have entered abreast through the threshold and the doors were solid enough, looking as if they were made out of whole trees.
Bound in iron, they looked like they could handle a battering ram better than even the front gates.
A group of knights stood tall next to the doors, but their heads tracked the presence of Rodregas and his two companions.
Rodregas vaguely remembered one as Gorin, an older man who under more prosperous times for the knighthood would now be enjoying his retirement.
“Gorin!” Rodregas yelled boastfully, “Open the doors, the Grand Marshal says that I may review the choice I must make.” Rodregas walked over and slapped the knight in the arm, laying it on heavy.
Luckily, his success on the field had him in a good mood.
Rodregas waved at the heavy doors as if wiggling his fingers could open them.
“Sir Rodregas, you look good for having just completed the tournament this day,” said Gorin.
“I would not expect you to be moving around much yet.” Rodregas nodded.
He could not explain that he already had a minor sigil of healing.
He simply smiled and said, “I am too excited to lie down and groan in pain!
My mind races with the possibilities.
Now that I am officially a knight, I want to bring my sworn men into the chamber and figure out what sigils I will choose.” At his words the men’s faces tightened and they looked at his supposed servants.
Rodregas nodded his understanding.
He also knew from his own ‘illustrious’ career as a guard that the others would follow the rules.
They were not officers to be making judgments.
“I know you don’t like my servants being a Hellborn and a Nymph,” he said keeping his voice light.
“But they are my sworn men and I trust them; and it is my call.
Now open the doors.” At the last part he let a sergeant’s voice ring out and it was more order than request.
And like all good soldiers they immediately carried out his order.
The door had a strange mechanism such as Rodregas had never seen before.
Gorin lifted a large handle and solid squares of iron slid out of the floor and the ceiling.
When both the top and the bottom fully released the guard pushed the doors wide.
The three immediately pushed through and Rodregas said, “You can close the doors.
I will pound on them when we are ready to leave.” And with a nervous nod the doors slid closed behind them.
As the door closed Gorin hastily added, “Remember not to touch anything until the Grand Marshal is present.” Doi’van nodded at the now closed doors and raised his torch.
The three gazed around the room in wonderment.
In response to the torch the room seemed to respond with a vague light of its own, which came from all directions.
The chamber was large with a tall vaulted ceiling like some temple, but no rows of seats or prayer mats did this temple hold.
Instead it was filled with beasts; lions and wolves and the great mythical animals of the Celestial Realm.
Most of these he recognized as the great totems of the Celestial Realm, each representing great power.
The great beasts were full-size and, but for their lack of movement, Rodregas would have thought that they must have traveled to the Celestial Realm itself.
“Oh, my Gods, they look real.
I thought they would be made of stone like the frog,” said Imeralda.
Rodregas nodded.
The beasts looked to be made of flesh and bone, except they all stood perfectly still on short stone pedestals.
Strangely, the room did not smell of damp stone like the rest of the cathedral, but the air smelled of the outdoors in spring.
Rodregas’ eyes were drawn to the powerful lion that reared up not far into the gathered animals, and just to the right of the center.
He walked over to it.
It looked like it could have been the twin for the beast that had been devoured by the blue flame on top of Raven Keep.
He stepped up close looking up at the beast; he was massive!
The beast’s mouth was open, not as if he was going to roar, but simply in relaxed pose.
He looked like he had been caught stalking forward on the hunt.
Rodregas stepped up and just stared at him.
He was beautiful.
“Don’t touch,” barked Doi’van.
Rodregas nodded, he knew not to touch, but then realized that his hand was raised and had been reaching out to stroke the lion’s mane.
He knew that this was the greater sigil that he wanted to gain.
It was in a perfect circle.
He had taken in the essence of the Celestial Lion back at Raven Keep, and now Rodregas would consume his own magical power with the greater sigil of a Celestial Lion and become a perfect vessel for its power.
Rodregas forced himself to step back.
This was their chance for Doi’van, and he would get a second chance if needed.
He looked over at the other two.
Once Rodregas had turned around from the lion, Doi’van started to walk between the pedestals joining Imeralda at looking around.
He stood in front of the great six-legged stallion, the kind of steed the Gods themselves ride, and then walked over to the Great White Stag of the forest and then to the giant eagle that guarded the Celestial sky.
It was a sight to take the breath from any mortal, a score of beasts that appeared to have been taken right from the heavens.
“How were the greater sigils created?” Rodregas wondered.
While the leaser sigils appeared to be simple sculpture empowered by magic, these truly appeared real.
Yet what magic could capture such powerful beasts for the use of creating sigils?
Had the greater sigils been gifts to mortals from the Gods themselves?
Rodregas yearned to reach out and touch to see if they felt like flesh or stone.
But, to do so would set his path for the rest of his life.
If he was truly strong enough for two as Imeralda thought, then he could be a lion and what else?
“Well, Doi’van, what do you think?” Rodregas asked.
“I am going to choose lion, but it would be great to have a pride, or maybe the Moon Wolf or the Mountain Bear.” Doi’van nodded and walked over to the bear.
It was a kind of bear that Rodregas had not heard of in the mortal world, even larger than ‘his’ lion.
The bear actually had a thick tail and its teeth seemed far larger than any bear he had heard of.
Doi’van stood there looking up at the great beast for a long moment.
Then he cocked his head; his nose went up as if he smelled something.
He stepped around the great bear and headed toward the back wall.
The score of statues, while separated, were clustered in the middle of the great room.
The four walls of the room seemed to be set back with the ceiling gently coming down in the form of great arches.
In one of the great arches was the door they had entered.
The stone around the door was the gray of the local granite.
The three others had black featureless stone that Rodregas did not recognize.
As he followed Doi’van into the shadows of the distant arch Rodregas smelled what had attracted Doi’van, the odor of brimstone and hellfire.
Rodregas stepped back in shock; what was that smell of the Infernal Realm doing here in the Cathedral of the Heavens?
Doi’van however, did not step back but stepped forward, reaching out to the stone.
When he touched it, suddenly there was a doorway.
It was the twin of the main entrance, except here there were no guards.
Doi’van reached for the long handle, but Rodregas quickly said, “Stop!” Doi’van looked back at him and Rodregas could see that he was under no magical geis controlling his will, just curiosity of what the source of the Infernal smell was down here.
But what Doi’van said to him was, “Where is Imeralda?” At these words Rodregas whirled around and looked around throughout the great chamber.
Both of their eyes were drawn to where they heard a third door being opened.
As they had found a door smelling of the fires of hell, so apparently had Imeralda found a door.
She was opening hers.
They both ran to catch up with her before she got in.
They dared not run full out as they dodged around the greater sigils, knowing any touch would be permanent.
They were not in time to stop Imeralda from entering through the hidden door.
Rodregas could feel Imeralda in front of him, but she and the doors seemed to disappear.
His eyes seemed of no use so he closed them and simply walked toward where he knew she was.
He felt Doi’van grab onto his shoulder and follow him.
When he opened his eyes, he saw that they had entered another great chamber.
At first he thought it was the same size as the first chamber until his eyes saw the huge tree in the middle and followed it up and then up.
The tree soared above them so high that Rodregas thought it must be far higher than the Cathedral itself.
This was, of course, impossible.
As Rodregas stopped beside Imeralda he tried to see the shape of the leaf to identify the type of tree, but the leaves were so high up he could only see a very general shape.
The shape of the trunk reminded him of a white oak, but the color was a darker gray with touches of striped brown.
The trunk was huge, thicker than the towers of the keep.
But that made no sense to Rodregas.
The chamber seemed to be the same size as the one they had entered and if one of the great towers had been in the middle there would be hardly room to fit it, and yet the trunk was not that close to them from the door and was not near any of the walls.
So it was either smaller around, which was impossible because of the height, or the chamber must be far smaller.
Rodregas shook his head in confusion.
“What is that?” asked Doi’van.
Imeralda smiled a soft smile, one that for a brief moment brought memories of the two of them back at the farm.
“I,” she started and then paused as if caught up in her own words, “I think that is the ‘One Tree.’” At the responding look of confusion she said, “The legendary source of all Nymphs.
While we serve the Gods like all mortals, the One Tree is our source.
It is to us like water is for a fish.
I don’t know how to even explain it to one who is not of our people.
But I did not think it was real.
It is a concept of what we are as a people.
How can it be here off of a chamber for warriors earning the greater sigils?” Imeralda started forward.
Rodregas caught her arm, holding her back.
He was not sure what to say but Doi’van was.
“Before you examine it more, can you come look at what we found?
And I want to see what might be behind the final wall.” At that comment Rodregas felt his head turn around as if to look through the Chamber walls to study the forth wall.
As they stepped out of the door the three of them quickly walked over to the forth wall.
However, they could find nothing but the black stone of the wall; no door appeared under any fingertips.
“Well… nothing here,” said Imeralda.
“What did you find earlier?” she asked.
“It is behind that door we have not opened up yet, but it smells of the Infernal Realm,” Doi’van said nodding over to the other exposed door.
“What door?
I see nothing but black stone.” she said.
“What?” Rodregas exclaimed.
“You don’t see that door?” Doi’van and he shared a look of confusion.
The three walked back to the door that Doi’van had found, and could clearly see.
Rodregas waited as Doi’van touched the handle but stopped him before he opened it.
“Do you see anything?” he asked.
Imeralda eyes opened wide when Doi’van fully opened the doors and revealed the room.
It was in style identical to the first room of the Celestial Beasts except instead of great beasts on pedestals, it held crouching daemons in pits.
The previous vague smell of brimstone and hellfire wafted fully into the room.
Doi’van and Rodregas stepped into the room but paused when Imeralda did not follow.
He looked back and she looked confused, squinting as if the room was not fully illuminated by the glowing daemons in their pits.
“Can you not see into the room?” Rodregas asked.
“No, I can see something, shapes flicking in fire?
I think I smell something like rotten eggs, but I can’t see well enough to go in.
And I don’t know why, but I really don’t want to go in.” Doi’van and Rodregas shared another look and then nodding, stepped out of the chamber.
The three of them stood silent for a minute.
Finally, Doi’van spoke, “Maybe you need a connection to see the doors and the room?
All of us worship the Celestials and we were all drawn to their sigils, especially Rodregas.
I was drawn to the door here, which makes sense.
This room, like the Celestial Chamber, seems to have similar beasts of the Infernal realm.
Rodregas was also drawn to a lesser extent, which might indicate that we were right about Ravenhurr experimenting with Infernal power.
If Ravenhurr had already included its magic in his own, then Rodregas would have it now.
Imeralda though has no connection to the Infernal Realms and therefore is blind to it.” The three nodded slowly, caught up in the mystery of the hidden chambers.
Imeralda said, “The need for a connection to sense the rooms would be true for the knights as well.
We know that neither Hellborn nor Nymphs are usually allowed in.
In that case there might actually be another room behind the forth wall that we simply don’t have a connection to and therefore cannot sense.” The others nodded.
Rodregas thought that they were heading along the right path.
Imeralda asked, “Does that mean that in this room these are great sigils as well?
Ones that require Infernal sourced magic to work?
That kind of makes sense if you can have greater sigils that are the shapes of the Celestial Beasts.
Why not daemons of the Infernal Realm as well?
But what is the One Tree?
It is not a beast of a realm, it is the symbol of the Nymph people.
It can’t be a sigil, can it?” she asked.
Neither Doi’van nor Rodregas answered and the three of them stood there, each caught up in their own thoughts.
Finally, Doi’van spoke, “I am going to see what lies in this Chamber.
Will you be alright?” he asked Imeralda.
She nodded and seemed relieved as she headed right for the doorway of the One Tree.
Rodregas feared for her.
He was not sure what the consequences would be if she touched the One Tree.
He wanted to follow her, but he followed Doi’van into the Infernal chamber instead.
“Was it his own Infernal power calling him?” He wondered.
Rodregas and Doi’van circled the chamber.
Rodregas was not as familiar with the daemons of the Infernal Realms as he was the great beasts of the Celestial Realm.
He sat looking at a wolf with the tail of a serpent but with large beautiful white wings.
Then he slowly walked next to a great bull with bat wings and a head that appeared to be very human.
While he had been drawn to the Chamber both figures repulsed him.
They mocked the natural order.
It was  not just that they seemed to combine multiple unconnected animals, but the size and shapes were simply wrong.
Rodregas looked up from his examination of a strange bull daemon and looked for Doi’van.
He must have been more familiar with the powers of the various creatures.
Doi’van had walked past many of the figures until he stood at one toward the back.
The shape was a powerfully built dragon with wings partially spread as if getting ready to fly.
But unlike a real dragon this one had three heads at the end of long serpentine necks; one was that of a wolf, one was of an eagle and one was of a lion.
“What is it?” he asked Doi’van.
“A Bunei.
They are powerful fighters, but also lead packs of daemons in combat and have powerful magical abilities.
Most of these others are powerful and dangerous, but a Bunei is more than a simple fighter of the Infernals.
I am actually surprised to see they’re with the other beasts.
I thought them a type of Greater Daemon.
I think I might see what happens when I touch it,” Doi’van said.
“Is that wise?” Rodregas asked.
He was not challenging him.
Doi’van was clearly asking himself the same thing.
He looked over at Rodregas and shrugged.
“We both have the power of the Infernal Realm in us.
Is it easier for us to manage following the path of righteousness to let the power burn free or to take on the form of a greater sigil and bind the Infernal magic to a specific form?
I think we must choose carefully.” Doi’van said and added, “For me the Bunei seems right.” Doi’van paused in that thoughtful way he had, considering all sides before taking action.
“If it consumes my Infernal power I would gain its strengths.
If I am lucky, what magic ability I have left will be mortal or Celestial in nature.
The Bunei are creatures of magic, they are both great warriors and thinkers and magicians and are even known to sometimes help others.
I cannot pass this chance up.
I must see what will happen.” Rodregas nodded; they both knew they would not get this chance twice.
Doi’van saw in the Bunei what Rodregas had felt in the lion in the main hall.
“See any good Infernal sigils for me?” Rodregas asked.
“I should bind my Infernal gift as well, especially as I will never be a great magician.” Rodregas had not really expected an answer, but Doi’van surprised him by nodding his great head and pointing to the far back almost in a corner that strangely was the only one in shadow.
“I think the Ni’Barrbari, the daemon known as the Night Panther, would add a bit of subtly to your Celestial Lion.
While hunters, they are also healers and not as vicious as most of the others.
It might also cause less confusion if you are able to gain both Infernal and Celestial great sigils to have ones that share some similarities.” Rodregas nodded and walked toward where Doi’van had pointed, having to circle around what appeared to be a bear with the front feet of a stork and the over large head of an owl.
Rodregas felt his skin crawl and he almost left the chamber, but then the cat shape behind the daemon became clear.
The Daemonic shape seemed to be missing the odd combinations of the others.
It looked like the large Panthers he had heard of that were found in the southern jungles.
It had no mane like the lions he knew and its fur was black.
In fact it was the darkest black he had ever seen.
This was why, at first, he had not seen the shape in the dark.
It seemed to soak in and blend in with the night.
Unlike the Celestial Lion that seemed to be caught in the action of stalking forward in the middle of the hunt, the Night Panther was sitting and seemed to have been caught in the act of simply watching the world.
His eyes were normal golden cat eyes, not the glowing red of most of the other creatures.
The only daemonic aspect to the shape was a pair of horns coming out the sides of his head, not that dissimilar to Doi’van’s curving up and back protecting the skull.
Only the tips were different; while Doi’van’s curved up, these curled down at the end.
While Doi’van had seen a lion’s head on another man-like shape in the distance, and of course Doi’van’s dragon had a lion’s head, he felt drawn to this shape.
While he was not as attracted as he had felt with the Celestial Lion, he guessed that this was as good a match as he would find among the Infernal Daemons.
Rodregas looked back toward Doi’van, but could no longer see him.
He knew he should check on him and Imeralda, but he also knew that they had all chosen to walk this path.
It had ended up being a more interesting path than expected, but they all wanted to see where it went.
He reached up and petted the powerful black head of the creature.
Its ears had the only hint of non-black on the beast, a slight touch of silver.
The fur was not as soft as it looked and was actually rough to the touch.
Rodregas realized his hand was sinking into the skin.
He tried to pull back but felt himself being drawn into it.
He was being pulled physically into the panther.
He started to pull away, but then he stopped and let himself sink into the shape of the great beast.
Panic set in as his mouth started to sink into the creature’s head.
He tried to hold his breath, but he was too late for such an action.
Rodregas tried to move but his arms refused to reach out and push the Daemon away.
His arms felt wrong, like he had no arms to push.
Then, true panic set in and he tried to fight his way free.
Something was wrong, the greater sigil was not becoming part of him, he was being made part of the sigil.
Maybe these were not like the Celestial sigils at all but some kind of Infernal trap.
He choked, as instead of breathing air he felt liquid enter his mouth and pour into his lungs.
He was drowning in the beast!
He had to get out or he would die.
He was unable to move and unable to breath and was trying to do anything to live.
His panic faded into anger.
If he was to die, he would die fighting.
Rodregas roared his defiance for the Infernals to hear.
He reared up and swiped his claws at any that would try to take on a powerful Ni’Barrbari!
Let any who would fight him know they took on the night itself and the night had claws!
He gathered his powerful hind quarters and pounced free with a roar and felt his body soar out of its confinement!
As he landed he realized that he could feel his arms and legs again.
They were human again.
But he knew he had been a cat, a Night Panther, for a moment.
He stood in shock.
Was this what it felt like to take on a greater sigil?
Rodregas stood up.
He felt strength and other things he was not sure how to describe.
He looked around the room and the dim light now seemed far brighter.
He started walking over toward where he had left Doi’van, and this time he got to see the result of taking on a greater sigil as the dragon reared up.
All three heads roared and the wings started to beat and the dragon seemed to actually fly for a second.
For just a brief moment there were two daemon dragons.
Then one of them fell toward the ground only to sink into the shape of Doi’van.
Doi’van staggered and Rodregas reached out and caught him to keep him from falling.
Apparently, being a three headed daemon dragon did not include a cat-like ability to land from a fall.
Rodregas steadied him and then Doi’van shook himself and looked around, confused.
“Are you all right?” Rodregas asked.
Doi’van nodded and then said, “Let’s get out of the chamber.” Rodregas nodded, as he wanted to check on Imeralda.
Doi’van seemed to have his balance back.
Rodregas wondered if Doi’van had lost his balance because he had been trying to fly instead of walk.
As they stepped out of the room of Infernal sigils and carefully closed the door behind them, Doi‘van still seemed unsteady and Rodregas wondered if his own experiences had prepared him more naturally for this.
Rodregas had changed bodies before.
“Doi’van, why don’t you sit down and rest for a second?
I will check on Imeralda,” Doi’van nodded his thanks and sank down on the floor.
Doi’van seemed to need to think more than rest, but either way Rodregas made sure he was ok and then went to check on Imeralda.
He hoped she had not touched the One Tree.
As he approached where Imeralda had shown them the door he was dismayed to see only black stone.
“Damn,” he said quietly.
He went to the middle where the door had been and was relieved when he was able to step through the invisible but open doorway.
He felt nothing as he stepped through the illusion and quickly looked around the chamber for Imeralda.
But she was nowhere to be seen.
He ran to the base of the One Tree finding that it took longer to run from the door to the tree than he had expected.
It was huge.
He felt like he was approaching a mountain, not a tree.
“Imeralda!” he yelled.
“Where are you?” Rodregas started to circle the tree, something that he quickly realized might take a while to accomplish.
Then he saw her.
Rodregas had been trying to look into the tree, thinking of his experience of being pulled into the Night Panther.
But then he heard a noise and looked up and saw that she was on a branch high above, looking incredibly small.
She seemed to be trying to reach something.
“Imeralda!” he yelled at her.
But she seemed caught up or could not hear him.
How had she gotten up there?
The branches were way beyond reach.
Of course, she was a Forest Nymph and he had seen her move in trees like a squirrel.
Still she seemed very vulnerable high up there; he had to get to her.
Rodregas took off his harness and boots and grabbed the ridges of the bark.
He had climbed walls where you stuck your toes in the crack left by old mortar worn away.
The bark of the tree, like the rest of the tree, was on an epic scale and actually provided good leverage for climbing.
He did not look at how high he had to go, but instead simply started to climb.
The climb took far longer than he hoped and he could not see Imeralda as he climbed.
He was finally getting close to the first of the branches of the tree when he heard Doi’van yell.
“Rodregas, what in the name of the Celestial Winds are you doing?” He paused in his climb, his toes caught in the bark.
Rodregas could feel the wetness of blood on his toes and he felt like he was going to slip at any moment.
He breathed deep and yelled, “I am climbing the damn ‘One Tree,’ what does it look like?
Now, shut up before I fall.”  He continued his climb, finally reaching a branch.
The branch was on such a scale that he had to climb the branch coming up its side.
The bark of the branch was smoother and offered less of a grip.
Finally he got to the top, which was broad and actually rather cup-like against the main trunk.
Though he worried about Imeralda, he let himself rest for a moment to recover.
After a few minutes Rodregas got up and looked around for Imeralda.
He saw that she was actually far out on another impossibly think branch.
By the Infernals he swore to himself.
She was a Forest Nymph.
He thought he should just leave her there.
She could do this far easier than he.
Rodregas had an urge to leap from his branch to the other like a cat.
Maybe he could have made it, but if he missed it was at least a hundred feet down.
So he climbed the bark over to the other branch and then walked on the top, which was very easy.
He followed Imeralda out on the branch until it started getting thin and began swaying.
Then he sat on the branch.
He did not know what to do next.
His body relaxed when he heard Imeralda’s voice.
“Are you trying to kill me?” she asked, “and are you really trying to rescue a Forest Nymph from a tree?” The laughter that followed was pure and open and even he had to laugh with it.
“So,” he asked, “what are you doing?” “Well, I decided that if this was a greater sigil I should touch it.
Even though I do not want a greater sigil to consume my magic, this is the One Tree.
And well, I am a Nymph.
So I reached out and touched the tree and nothing happened.
But trees speak to me.
Speaking to the One Tree was wonderful; the One Tree is here and not here.
Somehow it can be reached from here I think is the best way to describe it.
But there is no sigil to be had.
The tree ‘spoke’ to me as trees do, and it explained about the ‘Blessing of the One Tree,’ that is probably why it was here like the greater sigils.” Imeralda spoke in a conversational tone but also like she was amazed by her own story.
She continued, “I think for a Nymph the Blessing of the One Tree is like a sigil.
It directs your magic and focuses it as the Tree of Life wants it, but not by binding it into a shape.
It heals your spirit and makes you more…, well, more of a Nymph,” she said, her voice was a tone of sunlight and happiness.
For reasons Rodregas did not understand he felt great.
“So, why do you have to climb up a hundred feet to the end of a branch to get a blessing from a tree?” Imeralda laughed and then yelled down to Doi’van, “Take your boots off and your harness and your weapons and climb up on the top of one of the big roots.
That should work, you have to be on the One Tree and then I will show you the blessing.” Doi’van looked like he wanted to argue but with Rodregas’ nod of encouragement he followed her request, and Imeralda stepped closer and she held three golden fruits.
The fruits looked like giant acorns, but rounder and softer.
She handed Rodregas one and then waited for Doi’van to follow her instructions.
Then, warning him to be ready, she dropped down one of the fruits which he caught with his normal grace.
“Stay on the root,” she warned him.
“You cannot take one of the blessings off the tree; it will wither and die if you try.” She winked at Rodregas as she said this.
Imeralda then proceeded to eat the acorn shaped fruit; it took some work.
It seemed to be a bit harder than any ripe fruit Rodregas knew of, but he followed her example and found that while it was tart it was amazing.
It tasted of... Rodregas did not know what to call the flavor; the words that came to mind were sunlight and rain and the smell of a forest at night.
When Rodregas finished the fruit completely he felt more whole but was also sad that it was gone.
Imeralda seemed in great humor.
“Come on,” she said.
She dropped to her hands on the edge of the branch and then dropped down as if she was only feet from the ground which, strangely she was.
Rodregas saw her standing on the ground.
It was not that she had floated down.
It was as if she had she had been in a regular sized tree.
She smiled and waved at him to follow her.
Rodregas decided to follow her example.
If it did not work, between his Celestial essence and now the Night Panther’s sigil, he probably would not die.
Sure enough he was on the ground like he had dropped a few feet and not a hundred.
Doi’van looked at them; he seemed amused and with a deep laugh of his own made a big show of jumping off the root he was standing on.
The few feet of his jump seemed to lack any magical qualities.
“So, other than making the most memorable snack of my life, you say this was the equivalent of a greater sigil for the Elemental realm.
So, am I stronger, faster or what?” Doi’van asked.
Imeralda shrugged and said, “No.
You are more, well, I think the only way to describe it is more nymph-like.
There are tales of eating the blessings of the One Tree, most of the greatest Nymphs of our history all claim this.
A Forest Nymph simply becomes more connected to the forest, and some also claim to gain more than one elemental power.
There are only a few stories of those people who have been adopted as Nymphs who have earned the blessing, but I have no idea what effect it will have,” she said.
With a shrug she added, “But I do not think it will help much on the battlefield.” Rodregas nodded.
It might have little practical effect, but he knew that while a greater sigil might make him a great fighter and that while fighting was necessary, it had no real inherent value.
It simply made one better at fighting.
Somehow he knew the blessing was inherently a positive thing.
He remembered on hot sunny days as a kid the wonderful pleasure of lying under a tree when the city would be so hot in the summer, but in the shade of the tree it was just perfect.
It was a random thought, but a good one.
Doi’van interrupted his memory by asking a question.
So like Doi’van, always thinking, Rodregas thought with a smile.
“So first I make my infernal side more structured and then I become a part Nymph, a strange combination for a Hellborn.” Rodregas said, “I think we both feel the importance of the blessing and I thank you for sharing it.” She nodded and said, “I am so happy that I decided to go with you to sneak in, otherwise I would never have been able to receive the blessing of the One Tree.
No matter how successful we are now against the Immortalists, I have been blessed as few of my people have.” Imeralda looked like she wanted to talk and Rodregas hated to break the mood, but they needed to get back to business.
“We should return to the main chamber.
The Grand Marshal will be coming soon for the official moment for me to take on a greater sigil, and I don’t think we want them to find these chambers.” As Rodregas walked from the chamber of the One Tree he felt more regret than when he had left the Infernal chamber; though in all likelihood the sigil from the Night Panther would prove to be of more use on his quest.
The three walked as one to the Celestial Lion.
They looked first at the great beast and then at Rodregas.
“Are you sure I have the magical strength to take on two greater sigils?” he asked Imeralda.
“Few have such strength; taking a second greater sigil seems to consume far more power than one.
It is not just twice as much, but far more.
Only the most powerful have such magic, but you have the power of an Immortalist mage.
I can’t promise it, but you should have such magical strength.” Doi’van and Imeralda watched silently as he reached out to touch the Celestial Lion, his hand again drawn to its mane.
This time no voice spoke up to warn him away.
The fur of the mane was surprisingly rough to the touch, and strangely, Rodregas smelled grass.
EPILOGUE BEGINNINGS
His large frame stalked through the grass, eager for the hunt to begin.
The great Lion twitched his ears to the right.
He had expected his nemesis, the White Stag, but instead walked a woman.
Her long legs somehow managed to keep pace with him.
Her hair, as golden as his own fur, rained down her curved back; she wore a glowing short white shift adorned with many pouches.
“Why do you hunt with me, Goddess?” The Lion growled.
The Goddess Blodeuwedd answered, “I am proud of you.
I will be truthful, I shared my favor with you simply as a matter of convenience.
I hoped you might succeed.
I did not think you would live, much less add to your power and gather more hunters to our pride.” The great Lion shook his head, the ways of the winds and the speech of gods were the same, fickle and not to be truly understood.
Yet he sensed that somehow the words sounded fair and right in some way that he could not really explain.
Blodeuwedd smiled at him, a smile that answered nothing but claimed to answer everything.
The two continued to walk through the tall grass.
After a few minutes she spoke, “The Gods and Daemon Lords are allowed to choose champions, but are not allowed to speak directly to any mortal.
For this moment you are enough in the Celestial Realm for me to ask you a question: I don’t understand why you have chosen that.” As she spoke she raised her slim perfect arm and pointed at his shadow.
He lowered his great head and studied the dark shape.
The great lion had to admit the shadow was odd, slimmer than his great bulk, strangely dark in the day and the shadow’s eyes seem to glow the bright yellow color of flame.
He shook his great head and mane as if to free it from the strange shadow, and growled, “You are a Goddess; you can see all.” Blodeuwedd nodded, she forgot to walk for a moment, as if in deep thought, but still she kept up with the Great Lion stalking through the grassland.
“I can see all in our realm, and all in the mortal realm that is seen by one of our followers.
I cannot see into the Infernal or Elemental Realms, and I think you have entered both.
I do not know what this means.” The two continued through the grass for a few moments in silence.
The Great Lion did not understand the Goddess’ questions or concerns.
But he understood his own power, which in its way was as great as any god’s.
He growled, “Do you wish me to hunt, to fight?
Is our pride in danger?” Blodeuwedd nodded, “Yes and yes and yes.
In their great quest for power, The Immortalist Taiga and his followers, such as that vermin Van’dret, must all be stopped.
They do not understand that if they upset the balance that the final battle between Infernal and Celestial could destroy all.” She paused and then added in a voice that he almost thought he sensed fear in, “I think the sword Caledfwlch must be found.
The other gods won’t like it.
They might even oppose finding it, but it might be our only hope.” The great head nodded, and the Goddess stepped away and was gone, but the roar that followed could be heard across the grasslands and into the forest and to the peaks of the mountains beyond.
For a moment the Heavenly Realm was silent.
All the creatures knew the roar.
The great Celestial Lion was on the hunt and when he found his prey, there would be a battle to shake all the realms.
As the roar faded in the heavens, a new Knight Captain, a chosen Champion of a Goddess, stood in the great Cathedral of the Heavens.
He heard the roar because it was his.
The other hunters in his pride were at his side and ready.
It was time to start the hunt.
###
Thank you for reading The Celestial Paladin.
I hope you will read the next book in The Order of the Lion series The Hellborn Prince.
Resources
Celestial - Led by the All-Father Allód and a pantheon of gods most of who are his children, but also includes those who have ascended to the Celestial Realm.
The realm is also the habitat for the Celestial beast who symbolize varies aspects of the gods.
Infernal - Led by the High Prince Sathariel and his court of Daemon Lords in a realm of fire and chaos and constraint struggle.
The realm is full of minor daemons that symbolize various aspects of the Daemon Lords.
Elemental - The One Tree connects the power of the natural realm and exists both within the mortal realm and beside it.
One aspect of the Elemental realm is One Tree and another is Gaia the nurturing mother, and the four elemental dragons; EArth, Fire, Water and AIr.
The Guild of the Celestial Path – The organization of over a hundred Sorcerers who rule a large section of the Eastern Realms.
Each Immortalist Sorcerer rules their own town or City, but are a member of the Guild that protects their mutual interest.
The Immortalist Sorcerers are united in their desire to strengthen themselves over time until they can ascend into the Celestial Realm and become gods.
The Immortal Guards - The standing army of the Guild of the Celestial Path.
They enforce the will of the guild.
In addition to their martial prowess and training all member are sigil warriors and use enchanted armor and weapons to increase their effectiveness.
The Order of the Soaring Heavens - An ancient order of Knights who live by a strict code of conduct.
In addition to their martial prowess and training they are all sigil warriors and use enchanted armor to increase their effectiveness.
The Celestial Gods pick their Paladins from their membership.
Sigil Warriors - Those who are born with magical talent but do not wish to be sorcerers have the opportunity inscribe a sigil on their magic talent that uses up a portion of their magical ability.
Lesser sigils are simple such as health, strength, quickness.
Greater Sigils are more complex and can mimic the powers of Celestial Beast or Infernal Daemons.
Dire Beast - Are common mortal animals that have breed with either a celestial beast or an infernal daemon.
Dire Beast who are of the Blood are direct descendent while, a regular dire beast will be several generation removed but still show signs of their ancestry.
Night Bronze - a heavy armor usually only worn by warriors who are either part Celestial or are Hellborn or have a Sigil of Strength due to its heavy weight.
The metal is highly magical and can hold powerful enchantments.
Though very strong it does not hold an edge well and is seldom used to produce an edged weapon.
Mithril - a silvery metal that is light in weight.
It can be beaten like copper, and polished like glass; light and yet harder than tempered steel.
The metal is magical in nature and can hold enchantments.
Blue Steel - is a steel and Mithril alloy, that holds an enhanced strength and edge.
The most powerful of these weapons are Kissed by Fire.
About the Author Gil Hough was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised on the waters of lake St. Clair, spending the majority of his youth reading and boating.
After graduating from Grand Valley State University, where he mostly studied his love of the sport of rowing, he left for various adventures which included several years of non-violent reconciliation work in Northern Ireland through the Brethren Volunteer Service, working with refuges from Central America seeking political asylum and teaching English as a second language in Torreon, Mexico.
Gil eventually settled in Knoxville, Tennessee where he resides today.
After spending four years organizing Appalachian communities, he worked as the Tennessee Director of Renewable Programs at the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy, until he moved on to developing renewable projects with Restoration Services, Inc.
He is a founding member of TenneSEIA (Tennessee Solar Energy Industries Association) where he serves on the Board of Directors, advocating for the orderly and sustained development of solar energy.
Feel free to share your thoughts on the book by emailing him at gilhough@yahoo.com or follow Gil on Twitter or to learn more about The Order of the Lion series on Facebook

﻿UNCOMMON OPPORTUNITIES An Agenda for Peace and Equitable Development
The Report of The International Commission on Peace and Food
* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY: The International Center for Peace and Development at Smashwords
Copyright © 2010 by The International Center for Peace and Development
All rights reserved.
Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
The broad range of topics examined by the International Commission on Peace and Food demonstrates the interrelated nature of the challenges of peace and development.
Your collective endeavour illustrates the fact that no longer can global peace and security remain the preserve of political and military specialists.
Without an adequate development effort, there can be no lasting peace and security.
Conflicts over resources, ultra-nationalism exacerbated by the tensions of unemployment, poverty and despair at home will inevitably lead to resentment, and resentment turns only too easily into armed conflict.
The establishment of secure foundations for peace will be aided by development and post-conflict peace building.
Yet if there is a growing international consensus on the peace operations undertaken by the United Nations, there is no such consensus on its developmental work.
Indeed, this lack of a consensus reflects a worldwide crisis in the field of development economics.
As development becomes imperative, as we approach the turn of this century, we are faced with the necessity of giving new meaning to the word.
Reflecting on development is thus, in my opinion, the most important intellectual challenge of the coming years.
Already, it seems clear that macro-economic growth can no longer be deemed sufficient for development purposes.
Countries pursuing macro-economic growth paths have the necessary foundations for development, but that is only the first part.
There can be no lasting development with the exclusion of social groups from the fruits of growth.
Nor can there be long-term prospects for development when the environment is pillaged and the rights of future generations ignored.
Finally, growth which is not accompanied by the improve ment of the social fabric of society will be only a hollow shell.
For economic and social development to take place, it is important to promote the expansion of employment opportunities, the improvement of educational and health networks, support for the role of women in development and the pursuit of equality between the sexes.
A hitherto ignored dimension of the development challenge is democratization: what I have chosen to call political development.
There have been cases where development was accompanied by an authoritarian political system.
But we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.
Political, economic and social development must be closely related, mutually supportive, deriving sustenance from one another.
Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization these are the goals of the United Nations.
The United Nations has, over the years, devoted great time and attention to the issues before the Commission on Peace and Food.
In the research, analysis, debate, consensus-building and actual operational activities of the United Nations System, the issues of peace, develop ment and democratization have been at the forefront.
The Members of the International Commission on Peace and Food have interacted closely with the United Nations Funds, Programmes and Specialized Agencies.
This report brings together many of the issues which are central to the reflection on development which the United Nations is trying to encourage, leading to the World Summit on Social Development to be held in 1995.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali Secretary General United Nations
The report of the International Commission on Peace and Food focuses on the 'uncommon opportunities' that have arisen as the world shifts into new alignments.
These include the chance to tackle the problems of hunger and injustice at the root of so many of the global challenges confronting us not the least, the overriding challenge of nurturing a worldwide culture of peace.
The Commission has put people first, recognizing that the greatest potential for change is within us, that with education and information we can mobilize the vast amounts of energy and skill which are currently wasted in the scramble for survival.
It, nevertheless, also accepts that there are no easy solutions and that concerted action is necessary on many fronts in order to untangle the tortuous connections between, for instance, defence spending and food security, for no country can truly be said to be at peace while the violence of hunger blights the life of its citizens.
ICPF has no hesitation in putting forward ideas that are bound to unsettle, and it should be encouraged since imagination and daring are precisely what we need at the present time.
Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.
The Commission's report contains specific proposals in this regard as well as an overview pointing to existing domestic assets of various kinds which could help the countries concerned.
It addresses the topic of job creation with innovative ideas on the roles of technology and trade, and emphasizes the significance of the developing countries and agricul ture in the world economy.
Its global education programme proposal placing appropriate emphasis on the key issue of girls' and women's education is one that particularly commends itself to UNESCO, which is already actively engaged in efforts along similar lines in conjunction with its UN partners.
This timely report should help to promote the idea of human-centred development within a culture of peace as a way forward to a better world.
We are gratified that ICPF should have assigned UNESCO, as the intellectual arm of the United Nations, a prominent role in its recommended agenda for action, and we reaffirm our commit ment to working with all possible partners in pursuit of the goal of global peace and sustainable human development.
Federico Mayor Director General UNESCO
The International Commission on Peace and Food began its work at a time of uncommon opportunities for rapid transition on a global scale to democratic ways of life, freedom of the media, and an independent judiciary; food, literacy, health and jobs for all; and sustainable life styles based on harmony between humankind and nature.
The end of the Cold War and the consequent shift of expenditure from defence to development, the onset of the Information Age and the organization of information superhighways, the growth of mechanisms for regional cooperation, a renewed faith in the United Nations, and commitment to multilateral negotiations and action all provided new opportunities for achieving global peace and prosperity.
Rapid progress in the application of science and technology in agriculture, industry, and human health strengthened the hope that the concept of 'food, education, health and employment for all' can be converted from rhetoric into reality, provided the peace dividend can be deployed to achieve these goals.
ICPF had the advantage of building on the work of earlier independent commissions, particularly those chaired by Willy Brandt, Gro Harlem Brundtland and Julius Nyerere.
We began our work with the conviction that, as Willy Brandt said, 'the problems created by men can be solved by men'.
The ancient Indian scripture, Bhagavad Gita, expressed the same sentiment by stressing, 'Whatever man aspires to, that he can accomplish.'
The achievement of food self-sufficiency by India in a period when famine threatened millions of lives through the power of political will and scientific action in a democratic society illustrates this truth.
In spite of such uncommon opportunities for a better common present, during the last six years the world has been witness to an escalation of ethnic and mini-conflicts, growing intolerance of diversity, the spread of small arms, an increase in violence starting with violence to oneself through drug addiction and damage to the life support systems of land, water, flora, fauna and the atmosphere.
In addition, the current pattern of economic and technological growth is leading to gross social inequity and rising joblessness.
The rich-poor divide is widening both within and among nations.
At the same time, the spread of knowledge and information, particularly through the electronic media, has led to an era of rising expectations.
The economically and socially underprivileged sections of human society are now aware that their future is not a question of fate, but of political and technological choice.
If they are not given access to the information superhighways and other technological highways to progress, a new form of social and economic apartheid will spread, which will be even more serious in its consequences to the future of human civilization than the skin-colour-based apartheid which has just ended.
True education is leadership in thought.
There are periods in human history when the progress of decades can be accomplished in a few years.
It is the view of the Commission that we have arrived at one of these great, creative moments.
Can the political leadership of all countries seize this moment and convert it into an opportunity for promoting job-led economic growth, rooted in the principles of ecology and equity?
Can we make the gender inequity and the coexistence of extreme poverty on the part of a billion children, women, and men, and extreme affluence and unsustainable lifestyles on the part of another billion, an anachronism of the past?
Can we foster love of diversity and pluralism in terms of religion, race, language, colour or political belief?
In our view, there are uncommon opportunities now to find the solutions to these basic challenges facing contemporary human society.
We have tried to deal with them in a concise manner in this report, which concludes that commitment to the principles of democracy and human diversity, equity in terms of gender, economic condition and sustainable lifestyles, is fundamental to achieving both a better common present and a better future.
Personally, it has been a privilege working with a highly distinguished group of women and men, whose sole concern has been a better life for all.
I wish to thank every member of the Commission, as well as the many others who have helped us, for their time and vision.
The Member Secretary, Mr Garry Jacobs, however, merits a special mention for his total dedication to the principles which inspired the setting up of ICPF.
Throughout the last five years, he has devoted his time and extraordinary talent to the work of the Commission.
He has been the principal catalyst of the Commission's work.
In his heavy responsibilities, he has been ably supported by Robert J. Macfarlane and Robert van Harten.
I wish to record our sincere gratitude to this unique trio.
Our work has been largely supported by grants from UNDP and UNESCO.
UNESCO also provided the services of Dr Maurice Goldsmith, Director, International Science Policy Foundation, to edit this report.
It has been a privilege working with Dr Goldsmith, an editor of extraordinary wit and wisdom.
I am indebted to Mr Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary General of the United Nations; Dr Federico Mayor, Director General of UNESCO; and Mr James Gustave Speth, Administrator of UNDP, for their support and encouragement.
A special word of thanks is also due to Mrs Robin La Brie-Jackson, who has helped throughout in managing the work of the Commission with great competence and courtesy.
Finally, I must acknowledge the inspiration and encouragement provided by Mr T. Natarajan, Secretary, The Mother's Service Society, Pondicherry, India, from the very inception of the idea of the Commission.
His emphasis on leadership in thought that leads to action has served as a guiding principle for the work of the Commission.
A more complete list of the many individuals and institutions who have contributed generously of their time and resources to our work is contained in the Acknowledgements appended to this volume.
During 1994 and 1995, several major international events will take place.
The International Conference on Population and Development at Cairo in September 1994, the World Summit for Social Development at Copenhagen and the Fourth World Conference on Women at Beijing in 1995, and the designation of 1995 as the International Year for Tolerance all provide unique opportunities for promoting sustainable and equitable development.
The past 50 years since the birth of the UN have marked striking progress in every field of human endeavour, except in the areas of ecological and human security.
We should now concentrate on these aspects of security, so vital for sustained human happiness and fulfilment.
It is our hope that this report will be of some help in accelerating the pace of progress in the evolution of a new human ethic conducive to human beings living in harmony with nature and with each other.
M. S. Swaminathan, Chairman International Commission on Peace and Food Madras, India, 6 July 1994
Preface to the Second Edition Unprecedented Opportunity, Unfinished Agenda
Humanity is on the threshold of unprecedented opportunities to promote peace and accelerate human development.
Yet, as in the past, our vision of these opportunities is obstructed by conceptions and attitudes inherited from a bygone era.
To fully appreciate the emerging opportunities, we need to more clearly comprehend the events of the past two decades that are the seeds from which these opportunities spring.
Restructuring the UN
The formation of the International Commission on Peace & Food was conceived in 1987, a time when mutual suspicions, escalating military expenditure and confrontational Cold War rhetoric blinded the world to the possibility of radically transforming the global security environment.
Yet, fuelled by the bold initiatives of Mikhail Gorbachev, by the time ICPF conducted its first meeting on the border of the rapidly vanishing Iron Curtain at Trieste in September 1989, the Berlin Wall had fallen, Cold War hostilities had melted, and the prospect of ushering in a more peaceful and prosperous world for all seemed within reach.
The euphoria of those heady days generated high expectations of a peace dividend that would help to wipe away much of the world’s suffering.
At the same time, the withdrawal of the confrontation between East and West resulted in a gradual shift of attention from the threat of imminent global self-destruction to lesser but very real problems, among them – the unresolved danger arising from huge stockpiles of nuclear weapons; some 26 on-going localized military conflicts within and between developing nations, aggravated by increased trafficking in small armaments; the persistence of hunger and malnutrition, especially among the poorest populations of South Asia and politically unstable regions of Africa; progressively rising levels of unemployment in both industrialized and developing countries; and the turbulence and hardship of political, economic and social transition in post-Communist Eastern Europe.
These challenges, coupled with the outbreak of the first Gulf War, the disintegration of Yugoslavia, and the horrendous civil wars that wracked Somalia and Rwanda, clouded the world’s vision of a brighter future.
It was in this context that the Commission undertook five years of research that led to the publication of its report in the fall of 1994.
The report was released at official functions at UN headquarters in New York, UNESCO in Paris, a global congress of the World Academy of Art and Science at Minneapolis, and in the restored capital of a reunited Germany at Berlin, then formally presented to the UN Secretary General and to all UN member nations by a member of the Commission, Her Majesty Queen Noor on behalf of the Government of Jordan.
In the decade since then, much has happened to belie the expectations of post-Cold War optimists and pessimists alike.
On the positive side, the sudden emergence and explosive growth of the Internet and the World Wide Web have fuelled a global revolution in communication, education, economy and a wide range of human activities reaching from corporate board rooms in North America to rural towns and villages on every continent, abridging the time, distance and differences separating countries, classes and people.
The end of Apartheid in South Africa completed a century-long struggle, ridding the world of a horrible scourge.
Democratic systems of governance characterized by the rule of law, an independent judiciary and a free media replaced dictatorships around the world.
The establishment of the World Trade Organization paved the way for expanded markets for both developing and developed countries, fuelled a rapid expansion in World Trade, and wove strong bonds of interdependence between erstwhile antagonists across the globe from the Chinese mainland to North America.
Larger private investment flows invigorated economic growth and made capital more accessible to larger numbers of people than ever before in human history.
The European Union expanded to embrace newly democratic countries and blazed a path right through the former heartland of nationalism for the integration of the united peoples of Europe.
Most important of all, the erstwhile very real and imminent threat of global confrontation and nuclear destruction radically diminished, spurred by negotiations between Russia and USA that have led to a 75 per cent reduction in the number of nuclear warheads stockpiled by both sides.
ICPF’s report projected a vision of Uncommon Opportunities for rapid and radical advances in global peace and development.
Its central thrust is the inextricable linkage between peace, employment, food security and human development.
As peace is a sine quo non for development, creation of employment opportunities for all is essential for maintenance of peace and social stability, food security and eradication of all forms of poverty.
The experience of the past decade strongly supports the view that a more peaceful global environment is more conducive for development.
Military spending declined by a third in the years immediately following the end of the Cold War, partly due to real cuts in defence spending and partly due to the collapse of the Russian rouble and changes in the value attributed to Soviet arms spending.
These real gains did not translate into a significant increase in foreign aid, which was what many hoped and expected.
But that does not mean there has been no peace dividend.
A comparison of the performance of the world economy over the past two decades reveals that after an initial recessionary period of economic dislocation, economic performance has improved on the whole in all regions and almost all countries.
According to IMF, the growth rate in emerging and developing countries rose from 3.7 per cent annually during the period 1985-94 to 5.1 per cent over the following 10 years and is projected to reach 5.9 per cent in 2005.
In Sub-Saharan Africa, the rise was from 1.9 per cent to 3.9 per cent and it is expected to reach 5.8 per cent in 2005.
In the former Soviet republics, growth has accelerated from 0.1 per cent to 4.1 per cent and projected to touch 6.6 per cent next year.
These trends are likely to continue throughout the decade.
While foreign aid to developing countries as a percentage of GDP has fallen by 50 per cent since 1990, it has been offset to some extent by a 150 per cent rise in foreign investment.
In the least developed countries, foreign aid has declined by 24 per cent but this has been offset by a 29-fold increase in foreign investment, so that the combination of foreign aid and foreign investment as a percentage of GDP has remained constant.
If the rich countries, particularly USA, had met the UN development assistance target of 0.7 per cent of GDP, progress in improving the human condition in countries characterized by a high incidence of poverty would have been faster.
These real and significant gains have been offset and to a large extent obscured in our minds by the persistence and aggravation of problems that constitute the other side of the post-Cold War ledger.
Far from vanishing, the nuclear danger has been aggravated by the continued proliferation of nuclear weapons, the increasing danger of these weapons falling into the hands of terrorists, and the stubborn refusal of the existing nuclear powers to seize the opportunity to totally eradicate this pernicious arsenal of self-annihilation.
Reduced confrontation between nation states has been followed by an aggravation of internal conflicts within countries as well as a dramatic increase in threats of violence by disenchanted minorities.
Violent local conflicts continue to flare around the world.
Terrorist acts have intensified against civilian populations on every continent.
While the worst fears about rising unemployment in the West have been dispelled, the challenge of generating sufficient employment opportunities for all people around the world remains a pressing concern.
The rich-poor divide has increased within and between nations.
Inadequate job/livelihood opportunities resulting in inadequate purchasing power have now become the most important cause of endemic and hidden hunger.
Most regrettable has been the failure to enhance the powers and strengthen reliance on effective multilateral institutions.
The emergence of the USA as the sole superpower has brought with it a reduction in the role and influence of the UN in international affairs, precisely at a time when the world should be striving to build a viable multilateral cooperative security system.
The Unfinished Agenda
The Commission’s report was never intended to predict what would happen in the years to come, but rather to project what could be made to happen by a concerted, determined effort of the world community.
The report highlighted many of the opportunities that did emerge as well as some of the dangers that have grown in intensity in the absence of effective action.
The events of the past 15 years may not have followed the course predicted by either the optimists or the pessimists, but they certainly confirm that this has been a period of unprecedented opportunity for rapid progress – what Sri Aurobindo termed an “Hour of God”.
While the gains have been significant, all of us will acknowledge that we have not taken full advantage of this opportunity to build a better world.
Though great dangers have receded, old and new threats still loom large, demanding courageous action.
The door remains ajar.
The hour is still in progress.
There is still time and that time is now.
The world today has far greater opportunities that ever before, far greater degrees of freedom within which to act to accelerate progress and eradicate suffering.
The Millennium Development Goals adopted at the UN Millennium Summit in 2000 represent the essential minimum needs for building a stable, secure, free and prosperous global community.
We confront once again an unprecedented opportunity and an unfinished agenda.
Disappointed by our failure to achieve all that seemed possible or disillusioned by the emergence of new, more dreadful challenges, some may feel prompted to curb mind’s contemplation of the greater potentials, dispense with lofty plans and resign themselves to the slower, circuitous pace of progress that characterized earlier periods.
That choice would be unfortunate.
For everything in our experience of the past two decades points to the fact that humankind is now capable of more rapid and radical action to build a better common present and future for all.
We may have become habituated to the astounding magnitude of the events since 1989 and still feel unsatisfied with the results, but we can no longer deny that we collectively possess the capacity to create the world that we choose to create.
This is still the hour in which anything can happen, provided we are determined to make it happen.
It is not a question of possibility or prediction, but of decision and determination to walk the talk.
Peace & Security
Nuclear Disarmament: The threat of a nuclear holocaust remains very real so long as stockpiles of these weapons remain in existence – their very existence constitutes a threat – and so long as nations or groups insist on the prerogative of manufacturing, possessing and using them.
While the number of nuclear missiles and bombs has been dramatically reduced, both the USA and Russia retain thousands of such weapons.
The number of nuclear weapons states has increased and the threat of first use has been extended to Israel, the Indian subcontinent and the Korean peninsula.
South Africa and some former Soviet republics have voluntarily relinquished their claims as nuclear weapons states.
Few realize that the catastrophic damage caused by the atomic bombing of Japan at the end of World War II dwindles into insignificance when compared with the destructive power and radioactive fall-out that would result from the explosion of even the smallest nuclear device today.
Until the last nuclear weapon has been destroyed, the threat of accidental or intentional usage remains very real and very serious.
The nuclear weapon states must come forward to fulfil the commitments made in the non-proliferation treaties by taking active and immediate steps leading to total nuclear disarmament by all powers within the shortest possible time.
Year 2005, which is the 60th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, presents a real opportunity for concrete steps toward eradication of nuclear stockpiles.
Cooperative Security System: Ten years ago the Commission was adamant in its call for a fundamental shift from a competitive to a cooperative global security system.
The present competitive system depends on the ability of each individual nation to defend its own borders and interests against external threats.
Such a system necessarily demands massive investments by each country in military capabilities.
These investments are inevitably perceived by other nations as real or potential threats to their own security, thus fuelling compensatory escalation of military capabilities by other states.
Calls for disarmament alone cannot and will not eliminate the problem.
They must be complemented by concrete measures to establish an alternative mechanism to ensure the security of nations.
This is one of the major reasons why expectations of a massive peace dividend have not been fulfilled.
World military spending has not declined significantly because the competitive security paradigm remains intact.
Steps being taken by the members of the European Union to build a truly cooperative security system indicate the right direction for the world as a whole.
It is no wonder that the first such initiative comes in Europe, which has been the leader of thought for the past 500 years – from the birth of modern science and parliamentary democracy to nationalism, socialism and universal education – and which has been working for the past five decades to evolve a viable working model of fully democratic, voluntary supra-nationalism.
Democratization of the UN: The phenomenal advance of Europe’s multi-dimensional unification is a clear indication that in future international institutions will play a more important role than national governments.
But this can happen only to the extent that these institutions are living proponents of democratic functioning and individual freedom.
Ten years ago ICPF called for the democratization of the United Nations by abolition of the veto power in the Security Council, induction of new members to make that body more representative, and establishment of democratically-elected representative government as an essential condition for membership or active participation in the UN system.
The nexus between democracy and prosperity is undeniable.
The democratic revolution that has so effectively penetrated Eastern Europe in recent years and extended its roots in other regions must be taken to its logical conclusion at the level of nations and at the level of international institutions.
World Peace Army: The most far-sighted of ICPF’s proposals sought to evolve a practical mechanism to promote the objectives of cooperative security and democratic freedom.
It called for the establishment of a World Peace Army, to be constituted by and open to all democratic countries willing to renounce the right to aggression against other nations and willing to contribute personnel and resources to an international multilateral military force capable of defending its members from external threats.
Such a mechanism, so long as it is inclusive, would provide a real and viable alternative to national militarization, whether or not it was constituted by or within the UN system.
The success of NATO in maintaining peaceful relations among the democratic states of Western Europe and North America for more than half a century is a viable model which is limited primarily by the exclusivity of its membership.
The recent measures taken by the European Union to constitute a European Army are evidence of the practicality of establishing a similar mechanism open to all nations.
The unfortunate situation now witnessed in Iraq could have been avoided, if ICPF’s plea for a World Peace Army had been heeded.
Eradicating the Roots of Terrorism: Terrorism is not new to the world, but with the withdrawal of national rivalries between East and West, violence by non-nation states has increased in intensity and is viewed as a far greater security concern by the entire world.
This has spurred an unprecedented international effort to control and suppress terrorist activity.
But there is little hope of abolishing this menace without simultaneously comprehending and addressing the root causes of terrorism in the world today.
In a sense, the human urge for violence has neither increased nor decreased.
It has simply shifted the field of expression from confrontation between nation states to confrontation between powerful governments and disenchanted, disenfranchised groups of individuals who respond to the application of superior power by nation states with the application of indiscriminate violence against the public-at-large.
Terrorism thrives in the absence of effective democratic institutions to give voice to the will of its citizens.
At the same time, lifting the tyranny of state terrorism has itself become the occasion in some instances for an outburst of violence by long suppressed groups.
Eradication of terrorism is possible, but it demands a comprehensive and integrated approach and concerted, collective action.
The commercialization of the arms trade – which benefits some countries economically at the expense of the security of all nations – must be subject to rigorous monitoring and control by international agencies.
Vested economic interests that thrive on conflict must be placed under UN surveillance and regulation.
International institutions must be strengthened to eradicate arms smuggling, narcotics, offshore money laundering and other criminal activities that serve as seedbeds and instruments for terrorism.
However, no final solution to the problem of terrorism can be arrived at by force alone.
While terrorism is frequently attributed to religion and ideology, it sprouts and thrives most readily among populations that lack opportunities for gainful employment and economic development.
Social unrest is an expression of the upward aspiration of those who have been left out of the political and development process or who feel threatened by the rapid pace and stress of social change and inequity.
Those who lack the opportunity or the ability to labour intensely for their own upliftment express their productive energies through the intensity of violence.
The international community cannot afford to be silent spectators of the growing violence.
Peace, democracy and development are inseparable and interdependent.
Liberal democracy and economic opportunity for all are essential ingredients for winning the war against terrorism.
Accepting the spiritual principle which tells us that there is an element of truth even in the most outrageous or misinformed viewpoint, we must not only vehemently condemn but also sincerely recognize the unaddressed issues that underpin the urge for violence.
In this sense, terrorists crudely expose the mental insincerity prevalent in international politics.
Those who wield national power must come to realize that force of compulsion will not bring about a permanent reconciliation and amelioration of relationships in human affairs.
Superior power must bring with it a superior sense of fairness and a commitment to constructive dialogue and action to attack the root causes of terrorism.
It must shed its own accretion of mental insincerity cloaked as diplomacy.
Then and then only these movements of violence will shrink and finally disappear.
The period following September 11th, as US National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice put it, is one “not just of grave danger, but of enormous opportunity.”
Resolving Local Conflicts: The Commission concluded that the end of the Cold War made it possible to successfully resolve problems that had resisted solution for decades, such as the many violent communal and ethnic conflicts occurring in the world.
The near total cessation of violence in North Ireland during the past 10 years is proof that rapid progress can be made on issues involving apparently intractable communal sentiments.
This achievement appears astounding to those who lived through the earlier decades of religious violence and until recently found it nearly impossible to imagine a mitigation of the conflict in the foreseeable future.
We would do well to examine closely this instance to draw lessons that may aid in addressing those conflicts that continue to defy resolution.
The most striking lesson of the Irish experience is that rapid development absorbs and dissipates the urge for violence.
The dramatic economic advancement of the Republic of Ireland – whose per capita GDP rose within the past 20 years from less than 60 per cent that of UK to 95 per cent in dollar terms and 130 per cent in terms of purchasing power parity – has eliminated the disparity between Ireland and Ulster and fostered among the Irish in both countries a sense of pride, an expansion of employment opportunities, and a more focused channelling of social energies into productive activities.
Economic growth in the region was augmented by the systematic efforts of the British government to eliminate the active discrimination against the minority Catholic population of North Ireland in housing and employment as well as the segregation of Catholic and Protestant education.
Violence has subsided, yet a political solution still defies the policymakers, because some of the root causes of the problem buried far in the past have not yet been adequately addressed.
A steady and concerted effort for permanent solution in Ireland will demonstrate the possibility and provide the knowledge necessary for addressing other intractable communal problems around the world.
A comprehensive approach to a permanent solution must include social, economic, education and cultural elements.
The principle illustrated here is that long-standing military conflicts can be resolved by political initiative and obstinate political conflicts can be resolved by economic strategies rooted in the principles of equity and ethics.
The opening up of economic relations between the USA and China by President Nixon has made war between the two countries almost unthinkable.
There are no serious conflicts in the world today that cannot be resolved through consultation, consensus and ‘win-win’ formulas.
Full Employment
The fading spectre of nuclear annihilation gave way in the 1990s to the rising spectre of chronic unemployment.
The end of the Cold War brought with it some wrenching transitions, among them the break-up of the USSR and Comecom, the reunification of Germany, the downsizing of defence manufacturers in America as the result of reduced orders for war materiel, the collapse of Japanese financial markets and onset of a decade-long recession, and displacement of millions of migrant Asian workers following the invasion of Kuwait and the first war in Iraq.
These events violently disrupted expansion of the world economy and creation of employment opportunities for an expanding labour force in both industrialized and developing countries.
Near panic levels of concern rippled across the world during this period about rising levels of joblessness, prompting one doomsday author to prophesize the ‘end of work’.
The situation became particularly acute in developing countries, because of their predominately young populations and high population growth rates.
Trends and Prospects
ICPF refused to side with the pessimists who viewed unemployment as a terminal illness spreading rapidly through the entire world economic system.
Its report presented evidence to dispel the twin myths that technological development and trade were net job destroyers.
It traced the growth of employment opportunities through the 20th Century, a century of unprecedented technological development and commercial expansion, to show that this period has also been an era of unprecedented growth in the quantity and quality of employment opportunities.
The report argued that the current surge in joblessness was a temporary result of the mismatch between the rates of surging population growth and expanding economic activity.
It concurred that rising levels of unemployment constituted a serious problem that needed to be urgently addressed, but rejected the notion that it is an inevitable and incurable disease which the world must resign itself to passively suffer and endure.
The Commission, therefore, developed and presented a comprehensive strategy for job-led economic growth.
Over the past decade, changes in the employment picture lend credence to ICPF’s perspective.
The American economy experienced a decade-long expansion, fuelling high levels of employment at home, while stimulating job growth throughout East Asia, attracting a massive influx of foreign technical workers and setting the stage for a global outsourcing boom which is still in its infancy.
Among the advanced economies, unemployment declined from an average of 6.9 per cent in the period 1985-94 to 6.5 per cent during the last 10 years.
It fell by 10 per cent in France, 25 per cent in Italy, a third in Netherlands, 50 per cent in Spain and 70 per cent in Ireland.
It is declining but remains 10 per cent higher than the average for 1985-94 in Germany, which is still recovering from the economic impact of reunification.
The new market economies of Eastern Europe are growing rapidly.
But these positive trends are no grounds for complacency.
While they may dispel fears of an irreversible shrinkage of the job market in OECD countries, the proportion of long term unemployed remains at an unacceptably high 29 per cent of the total, indicating that these countries have not yet evolved successful strategies to address the issue.
Left to itself, unemployment may continue to deprive large numbers of people in these countries from enjoying basic economic rights, unless concerted steps are taken to remove the perceptual and structural barriers to full employment.
While data on unemployment levels in most developing countries is of doubtful accuracy and recent data are difficult to obtain, there is no question that the problem remains severe, especially among youth and the educated.
ILO estimated that at the end of 2000 approximately 110 million workers in developing countries, excluding Central and Eastern Europe, were unemployed, most of them first-time jobseekers.
Unemployment rates among young workers are almost everywhere at least twice as high as the average.
In addition another 500 million workers in the developing world earned less than a dollar a day.
Although the growth rate of the world's labour force is slowing down, approximately 460 million additional jobseekers will enter the global labour force between 2000 and 2010, two-thirds in Asia.
ILO has concluded that the prospects for an improving global employment situation depend mainly on continued expansion of the world economy.
While that expansion is likely, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to provide opportunities for sustainable livelihood for all those who need it.
Jobs or livelihood for all must be the bottom line of all development, technological and trade policies.
It will be necessary for governments to elevate employment to the top of their policy agenda and dedicate themselves to the vital task of achieving full employment.
The Right to Employment
The Commission’s report called for urgent action to address the problem of rising unemployment and presented a comprehensive set of strategies designed to promote full employment in both developed and developing countries.
The centre-piece of ICPF’s approach is the assertion that employment must be recognized as a fundamental human right, the economic equivalent of the right to vote.
As the electoral franchise is the basis for the legitimacy and operation of democracy, access to gainful employment constitutes the economic franchise that lends legitimacy and functionality to a market economy.
The right to employment must be constitutionally guaranteed to enable all citizens to exercise their fundamental right to food and health security and a share in national well-being.
ICPF’s view called into question the blind faith in the wisdom of the unregulated market that was prevalent during the heady days of radical free-market economic doctrine following the collapse of the Soviet system.
Critics claimed that achievement of full employment was impractical and therefore guaranteeing it was impossible.
In response, the Commission argued that the level of employment in any society is the direct result of a nation’s laws, policies and modes of implementing them, not the result of impersonal forces of nature beyond human control.
Employment is a product of human decisions and can be controlled.
As the world has made enormous progress in halting and reversing environmental degradation, it can also eradicate the spectre of unemployment.
What is required is genuine commitment enshrined and enforced as national policy.
The Commission called on the nations of the world to recognize this right and enforce this guarantee.
It is most appropriate that a meeting of the Commission is taking place during November 2004 in India, where the Government of India has proclaimed their recognition of this right and their commitment to enforce it through an act of parliament.
This meeting provides an opportunity to review the technological and public policy instruments now available to fulfil the human quest for “education, health, food, water and work for all and forever.”
Strategies & Recommendations
Recent developments may be sufficient to dispel dire forecasts of a world without work, but by themselves they are not adequate to address the real and pressing need to accelerate job creation throughout the world, the essential condition for the world’s billion poor to escape from poverty.
For that, the Commission argued that concerted action is both necessary and possible to immediately improve employment opportunities for the poor.
Chapter Four of this report presents a comprehensive package of strategies for both industrialized and developing countries that are as relevant and valid today as they were at the time of publication.
In order to document the potential for accelerated job growth, ICPF conducted a special country study of India in 1991 and drew up a strategy for creating 100 million jobs in the country within a decade.
The strategy, which focused on utilizing agriculture and agri-business as engines to stimulate rural incomes and employment opportunities, was endorsed and adopted by the then Government of India, but not implemented for a variety of reasons.
A review of this strategy one decade later indicates that the potential for achieving full employment in India is fully alive and the current Government’s commitment provides the right circumstances to achieve it in practice.
This will also serve as an example and model for other countries to emulate.
Backed by this commitment, the main elements of a successful employment strategy for India have been identified in a separate report prepared for the New Delhi meeting.
The strategy focuses on giving an income and employment orientation to Indian agriculture, increased support for expansion of enterprises in the informal sector, broadening the on-going self-help group revolution and fully extending it to agricultural operations, upgradation and expansion of the country’s vocational training system, promotion of entrepreneurship and full utilization of information technology as a catalyst for development.
Prospects and Emerging Opportunities
Viewing the global employment situation as a whole, there are strong grounds for confidence in a brighter future.
Resurgent Asia: The nations of East Asia, which went through rapid expansion followed by a major financial crisis, are back on the growth path.
The Japanese economy is once again growing and creating new jobs, both at home and abroad, especially in China, which has become the largest destination for Japanese foreign investment and a key supplier base for Japanese manufactured goods.
China’s economy continues to expand at more than eight per cent annually and India’s may soon achieve that rate of growth.
Fuelled by very rapid expansion of automotive, financial services, IT, pharmaceuticals and telecommunications, India has emerged as one of the fastest growing economies in the world, the third largest destination for foreign investment, and a key player in IT and IT-enabled services.
According to a recent study, by 2040 China and India will be the first and third largest economies in the world.
Together with Russia and Brazil, they could account for a larger portion of world GDP than today’s six largest industrialized nations.
Population, which was perceived as a liability not long ago, now appears to be an asset.
In reality, population, like nuclear energy and so many other things, is neutral.
Its value depends on what we human beings make of it.
Changing Demographic Profile of the West: Demographic studies indicate that steep declines in the growth of population in Europe, Japan and USA will create acute labour shortages and unprecedented long-term demand for migration of foreign workers or transplantation of work to developing countries.
UN and other studies estimate that Europe would have to accept 150 million new immigrants over the next 25 years in order to maintain the present levels of working population and Japan would need to admit 600,000 immigrants annually for the next 50 years in order to maintain the size of its working population at the 1995 level.
The US labour force is projected to stop growing by 2013.
These findings support the view of the India Vision 2020 report that “This trend will further accelerate the outsourcing of production of goods and services to locations where infrastructure, ease of doing business, quality, costs and availability of labour are most attractive, which will be beneficial for many labour surplus countries like India.”
Expanding World Trade: Trade is playing an increasing role in the economic growth of developing countries.
Economic integration with the global economy has become a compelling necessity for every country.
The share of trade in global GDP rose from 12 per cent in 1970 to 29 per cent in 2001.
While the effects of expanding world trade on employment are complex and can lead to displacement of workers and destruction of jobs in some cases, available evidence strongly indicates that the overall impact of freer trade on the global economy will be to promote significantly faster growth of employment opportunities.
The emerging liberalization of textile trade in 2005 is an example of the potential positive impact of freer trade.
In India the textile industry provides employment to 18 per cent of the entire workforce, accounts for 8 per cent of the country's GDP, 17 per cent of its manufacturing capacity, and 27 per cent of its export earnings.
A recent projection indicates that with the lifting of quotas under the WTO Agreement on Textiles and Clothing in January 2005, India’s textile exports could rise from the current $16 billion to $40 billion by 2010, creating as many as 12 million new jobs in the process, five million jobs through direct employment in the textile industry and another seven million jobs in allied sectors.
The global manufacturing strategies of multinational corporations will further spur the exponential growth of contract manufacturing opportunities in developing countries.
Already China exports $300 billion a year in manufactured products, while Taiwan and Mexico export more than $140 billion each.
According to a recent study, India has the potential to create 25 to 30 million new jobs in the manufactured exports sector.
Shift to Services: One would hardly expect to find the decline of manufacturing jobs as a source of employment opportunities, but historical data supports this conclusion.
Fear over the destruction of manufacturing jobs due to adoption of capital intensive technology has been prevalent for the past 100 years.
Every new technology that automates a process or increases worker productivity has been perceived as a threat to the future of work.
The reality has proved to be quite different.
Technological development propels a spiral of economic development that creates many more jobs than it destroys.
The most striking testimony to this fact is the history of employment in USA, arguably the country that has most readily and fully adopted new technologies over the past century.
Employment in manufacturing and mining grew to a peak of about 40 per cent of the workforce after World War II before beginning its downward spiral to 15 per cent by 2000, about the same proportion as in 1850.
Yet, during this same period total employment in America has expanded phenomenally, from a mere 13 million workers in 1870 to 68 million in 1955 and more than 136 million in 2002.
In spite of all the automation and all the export of jobs to lower wage economies, the percentage of the American population employed has continued to rise over time.
Several factors are responsible for this result, among which population growth and technological development are most prominent.
Rising levels of technological sophistication certainly displace workers in most fields of manufacturing.
But at the same time they stimulate growth of employment in many different ways – increasing demand for the products thus manufactured by a factor of 10, 100 or even 1000 fold as in the case of automobiles, TVs, cell phones and computers; increasing the demand for research workers to support technological innovation and for teachers to meet the rising demand for education; and rising living standards, which increases consumption of other goods and services due to the falling prices made possible by rising productivity.
Over the past two decades the US economy lost nearly 4 million manufacturing jobs but added a net 37 million jobs through expansion of the service sector, which now accounts for 84 per cent of total employment.
It is time that we stop resisting or resenting this trend, but rather strive to adapt by shifting our focus toward those fields of employment which are most directly stimulated by technological innovation.
Export of commercial services already accounts for 20 per cent of world trade.
The shift from manufacturing to services is a positive and inevitable expression of the elevation of human activity from the physical to the mental level, which is the central reason for the phenomenal rise in global living standards over the past century.
Rich nations have become rich through a shift of workers from the primary farm sector to value-added, non-farm secondary and tertiary sectors.
Poverty and hunger persist so long as a majority of the population depend upon the routine operations of farming for their livelihood.
This is also the cause of the growing feminization of poverty in developing countries.
Today’s developed nations arrived at their present position by a long, slow migration from agriculture to manufacturing to service sector, but that does not mean developing countries must follow the same path.
The growing demand for services in the developed world coupled with rapid strides in telecommunications has created the possibility of skipping steps to abridge the development process.
Even within developing countries, surging demand for education, health care, tourism, communication, financial and retail services has opened up opportunities that were available to the developed countries only at a much later stage in their development.
Outsourcing: During the last decade enormous attention has been focused on the lucrative employment potentials generated by Information and Communication Technology (ICT), particularly the high paid jobs in computer software and hardware and the less technical jobs in business process outsourcing.
Countries such as India have shown that they can leapfrog into the technological vanguard by developing qualified human resources to meet the ever-expanding shortage in these sectors.
Information Technology and IT-enabled services stand out as the most important new fields of employment to emerge since the popularization of the automobile.
While the Commission’s report anticipated the importance of the information superhighway even before the World Wide Web radically transformed global communications, information exchange and commerce, ICPF did not foresee the dramatic impact that the Internet would have on the future export of service jobs to developing countries.
The West has been exporting manufacturing jobs in large numbers for half a century, fuelling the growth of Japan, the East Asia tigers, and more recently China; but until the emergence of the information superhighway, the scope for export of service jobs was limited.
Technological development has changed that.
As a result, business process outsourcing has become one of the fastest growing sectors of the world economy.
As growth of the labour force slows in high-income countries, there will be increasing pressure for export of service jobs.
Public concern in the West over the rapid growth of outsourcing is fuelled by the common misconception that employment is a zero sum game.
A recent authoritative study of the impact of IT outsourcing found that the direct gains to the US economy in the form of additional jobs in other fields, higher real wages, higher real GDP growth, contained inflation and expanded exports far outweigh the losses.
While global IT software and service outsourcing displaces some IT workers, total employment increases as the benefits ripple through the economy.
The net additional number of jobs in the USA added as a result of outsourcing is projected to exceed 300,000 by 2008.
They will be generated across all sectors of the economy, most especially in construction, transportation and utilities, education and health services, wholesale trade, and financial services.
Employment is not a zero sum game.
Computerization: The exciting growth of ICT-based service exports by no means exhausts the potential contribution of computers to growth of employment opportunities.
Computerization is not merely a field or sector of commercial activity.
The computer is an instrument and a catalyst that can stimulate creation of employment and self-employment opportunities in virtually every field – from farming, fishing and textile designing to lean manufacturing, financial services, bio-informatics and genetic engineering.
While the application of computers has already been extended to all these fields, there has not yet been a systematic effort to assess the employment potential that can be tapped by fully extending and accelerating this movement.
The recent initiative in India to establish knowledge centres in every Indian village by 2007 is one example of a pioneering effort to harness ICT as a means to catalyze a whole range of on-farm and off-farm rural activities, which will inevitably translate into more and higher productivity and greater employment generation.
These centres can be utilized to deliver technological expertise to upgrade farm yields, vocational training and education, purchasing and marketing information to raise incomes.
The experience of India also shows that bridging the digital divide helps to bridge the gender divide in the area of knowledge and skill-intensive work.
As the construction of rural roads acts as a stimulus to agricultural development of isolated communities by connecting them with sources of inputs and markets in the outer world, ICT can be a catalyst for stimulating the entire gamut of economic activities in rural communities throughout the developing world.
At the other end of the spectrum, ICT is opening up unparalleled opportunities for self-employment and new business creation for the educated.
Today more than 50 per cent of American workers utilize computers in their work.
The growth of the World Wide Web has given rise to on-line global markets in which individuals can bid for a broad range of projects involving activities such as research, translation, technical writing, proofreading, desktop publishing, and business consulting.
A new publication identifies a few hundred self-employment opportunities of this kind.
The future of work will offer increasing opportunities for people throughout the world to match their specialized knowledge and skills with specialized employment opportunities wherever they may originate.
Meeting the Skill Shortage: Perhaps the single greatest opportunity for employment growth lies in addressing the growing mismatch between the skills of job seekers and the skills required for expanding economies.
In both industrial and developing countries, workers may be in surplus, but the skills needed are in deficit.
In the most prosperous nations, the deficit is concentrated in high technology and professional sectors, in electronics, biotechnology, health care, pharmacology, mathematics, marketing, financial services, and the like.
The adoption of new technologies even in traditional occupations has resulted in a growing demand for higher skill levels in these fields as well.
Unemployment is highest among the least educated, least skilled categories, such as machine operators, fabricators and labourers.
The poor are poor both because they have no assets and because their time and labour have low or no economic value.
Poverty persists wherever the human resource is under-valued.
To eradicate it, there is need for a paradigm shift from unskilled to skilled work.
While educated unemployment is high in many developing countries, in most cases the quality and relevance of the education to employment opportunities is far from adequate.
Here too, fully qualified technical and professional workers are in short supply.
There is even a shortage for educated workers with a high level of general language and communication skills to fill the job opportunities being created for business process outsourcing.
On an average, 50 per cent of firms surveyed in a cross-section of developing countries report that skill shortages are a serious constraint on their growth.
Firms that adopt new technologies report even more serious problems.
In addition, the work force in many developing countries also lacks advanced productive skills for agriculture and a broad range of other basic vocations.
The proportion of the labour force in the 20-24 age category that have undergone formal vocational training ranges from a low of 5 per cent in countries such as India and 28 per cent in Mexico to as high as 96 per cent in Korea.
Vocational training systems need to be substantially strengthened to close the gap, including training for farmers, skilled crafts, self-employment and entrepreneurship.
Advances in multimedia technology now makes it possible to utilize computers, internet and even television broadcasts to deliver a wide range of educational information and vocational skills that otherwise would be unavailable or very costly to disseminate.
Upgrading the quality of education and enhancing the skills of the work force will accelerate job creation the world over.
Distance education provides new opportunities for achieving the goal of education for all within a span of a few years.
The Challenge and the Opportunity
The problem of unemployment is of relatively recent origin.
The very idea of employment as opposed to livelihood is a recent conception born of the Industrial Revolution.
In principle, every human being born creates at least the potential for his own employment, because his very birth generates demand for additional products and services and because each individual possesses the innate capacity to acquire productive skills and creative knowledge capable of generating new products and services to meet new and existing social needs.
That is why, in spite of rapid strides in the mechanization of agriculture and mass production in manufacturing, the six-fold multiplication of human population since 1800 has been accompanied by a more or less equivalent growth of employment opportunities.
The present job gap is small compared with the enormous expansion of the labour force.
As people develop, their aspirations rise and higher level needs emerge – needs for education, health care, balanced diet, entertainment, travel and communication – multiplying demand for new workers to provide them.
Of course, there can be and are temporary dislocations and disorientations, sometimes severe, resulting from the rapid speed of social transformation that makes existing attitudes and skills obsolescent within a lifetime or less and compels human beings to learn to adapt faster and further than ever before in human history.
This is the challenge posed by the evolution of humanity from the physical to mental stage, the flip side of the process that has given birth to all the miraculous achievements of the past few hundred years.
It is a challenge posed to all humanity to expand our minds and acquire more flexible attitudes, to learn and adapt faster, to convert the stress of change into the joy of higher accomplishment.
The world that is emerging is one of unprecedented opportunity to tackle the problem of unemployment that emerged with the Industrial Revolution, the massive movement of people from the land into the cities, massive migrations from one country and continent to another in search of economic opportunities, and the lightning speed of technological development that has eradicated traditional occupations while spawning whole new types and fields of human activity.
Thus, we are faced with the paradox: an employment problem of unprecedented dimension coupled with an opportunity of unprecedented magnitude; a problem that is not going to be eliminated any time soon by the force of market mechanisms alone, but one which can be dramatically diminished by the appropriate action of governments around the world.
Opportunities, strategies, instruments and mechanisms are not lacking, provided there is a commitment and determination of commensurate strength, a commitment that is best formulated and enshrined by a recognition of employment as a fundamental human right supported by constitutional guarantees, a commitment that must be translated into a determination by all countries to implement a broad spectrum of available strategies to address the issue today.
Among these strategies, the greatest necessity is for every country to continuously upgrade the quality, quantity and, most importantly, relevance of educational and vocational training programs to equip its citizens with the knowledge and skills needed for productive engagement in a rapidly evolving world.
Food Security
The world produces more than sufficient food to amply provide for all of humanity.
Still, more than 800 million people spread throughout the developing world lack sufficient and secure access to nutritious food and clean drinking water.
Between 1990 and 2000, malnutrition declined from 21 per cent to 18 per cent of the population of developing countries, but it actually increased marginally among the least developed nations, particularly in Africa.
Incidence of malnutrition among children under five years of age remains severe in both Africa and South Asia.
But the problem is more complex than these numbers suggest.
Although India is considered a food surplus state, it is home to the largest number of undernourished people in the world and access to a balanced diet and clean drinking water is far below the basic requirements for sound health.
Projections indicate that over the next decade growth of the world’s food supply will be adequate to meet the needs of all human beings.
The UN Millennium Development Goal of halving the number of human beings suffering from hunger and malnutrition between 1990 and 2015 is highly commendable, yet achieving it would still leave an unconscionably large number of people without adequate food.
More can and must be done in the next decade to eradicate the scourge of hunger.
The problem of water scarcity is even more pervasive and challenging.
Studies indicate that by 2015 more than half the world’s population – mostly in Africa, the Middle East, South Asia and Northern China – will be living in countries that are ‘water-stressed’.
In the developing world, more than 80 per cent of the water is utilized for agriculture, an unsustainable level that is depleting water tables, increasing soil salinity and accelerating erosion.
Although historically water has often been a source of contention between communities, it has never been the cause of an open inter-state conflict.
However, nearly one-half of the world’s land surface consists of river basins shared by more than one country and more than 30 nations receive more than one-third of their water from outside their borders.
Therefore, the danger of confrontation and conflict will escalate unless concerted measures are implemented urgently.
Water shortages occurring in combination with other sources of tension — such as in the Middle East — will be particularly worrisome.
Famine remains a persistent threat precisely because the world no longer feels that threat to be severe.
India’s last major famine occurred in Bengal in 1943 during World War II.
Although the deficit in food production was only marginal that year, three million died for lack of strong administrative intervention to improve distribution.
A marginal deficit could work havoc in the absence of an efficient and equitable public distribution network.
While there is no scarcity of food in the world, there is also not a sufficiently organized effort to promote food security, precisely because the sense of urgency is lacking.
Abundant opportunities exist to eradicate hunger, but in the absence of a catastrophic event, serious effort is lacking.
Famine attracts media coverage, political and public attention, but chronic hunger does not.
With global food surpluses accumulating, an organized effort can ensure food security for people everywhere.
The challenge of achieving food security for all human beings is complex, for it depends on the interaction between multiple factors – technological initiatives to produce sufficient food; economic initiatives to stimulate sufficient employment opportunities and increase purchasing power; political initiatives to maintain a peaceful and stable environment, undisturbed by war or social unrest that can interfere with food distribution; and administrative initiatives to provide for those who are unable to provide for themselves due to poverty or during times of emergency.
Peace, democracy, employment and food security are mutually interdependent.
The efforts proposed to promote peace, democracy and employment generation will mitigate the problem of food security to a considerable extent.
In addition, Chapter Five of the Commission’s report highlights direct interventions that are needed to address the problem at the level of agricultural productivity, among which the following are particularly relevant in the present context:
Farm Productivity: The attraction of high technology service industries should not blind us to the fact that a large section of humanity still depends on agriculture as its main source of income and livelihood.
Farm productivity in these countries is typically less than a fourth or fifth the average attained by other countries.
Low agricultural productivity results in high cost food, low rural incomes and limited employment opportunities, both on farm and in downstream industries.
As a revolution in agricultural productivity provided the impetus for rapid industrialization in Britain and later USA in the 19th Century, rapid modernization of agricultural technology, a shift to commercial crops, improved linkages for credit, marketing and processing can act as a catalyst for employment generation and economic growth in many developing countries today.
As some countries have already proven, high productivity does not necessarily require large tracks of land or high levels of mechanization, but it does require quality inputs, adoption of advanced cultivation practices, efforts to improve the productivity of water, access to credit, infrastructure for storage, producer-oriented marketing and industries for processing.
Information Empowerment: The poor quality, slow speed and inadequate reach of extension services is the bane of farming in many developing countries.
ICT can be harnessed to provide farmers with access to state-of-the-art technical advice, quality inputs and market information.
The proper analysis and replenishment of soil nutrients by itself can double or triple crop yields.
Utilizing ICT, it is possible to deliver custom-tailored instructions for soil improvement in a timely manner at low cost.
It can help to promote quality and trade literacy among farm women and men.
Organizational Linkages: In much of the developing world, agriculture suffers from intense fragmentation of land holdings among small and marginal farmers.
These farmers tend to have lower levels of education, poor access to technology for upgrading productivity, less access to quality inputs and credit, poor access to storage and processing facilities, and higher losses due to post-harvest crop spoilage.
Their problems are further aggravated by environmental degradation due to soil erosion, deforestation and depletion of water resources.
Lack of effective organization and management is a common denominator linking all these deficiencies.
More effective forms of organizations can eliminate or compensate for these deficiencies to a large extent.
For example, in India more than 10 million farmers are successfully engaged in sugarcane cultivation, precisely because an established system of contract farming provides them with access to technology, quality inputs, credit and an assured market for their produce.
India became the world leader in milk production only because of the power of scale conferred on small producers through the dairy cooperative movement.
A similar organization is presently lacking for most other crops.
The successful establishment of more than one million Self-Help Groups (SHGs) in India over the past three years providing access to credit for 15 million small farmers illustrates the power of organization.
It is an indication that the phase of society’s predominant dependence on government initiatives for development is coming to a close.
An organization combining the advantages of SHGs and contract farming through the agency of an NGO or an agri-business centre operated by farm and home science graduates or entrepreneurs can be successfully extended to other crops, providing the technical knowledge and essential inputs that small farmers need to raise productivity and farm incomes.
Crop Diversification: Eradicating hunger necessitates shifting production from traditional crops to higher value added crops that can improve nutrition, while generating higher on-farm incomes and greater off-farm employment.
Fruits and vegetables can remove micro-nutrient deficiencies, while dairy and poultry can eliminate protein deficiencies.
The soaring price of petroleum, which has reached historical highs this year, presents an additional opportunity for countries such as India to become large scale producers and exporters of bio-fuels and bio-mass energy, thereby substituting imported petroleum with lucrative markets, higher incomes and greater employment opportunities for the rural population.
Contract farming arrangements between small producers and agri-business centres can stimulate rapid development of this field.
Ethanol, bio-diesel and bio-mass power from agricultural produce could generate the equivalent of 15 million additional employment opportunities in India, while raising rural incomes by US $10 billion annually.
Water Conservation: Improving access to safe drinking water requires a combination of public education and government action.
In addition, the rapid depletion of water resources can be mitigated to a large extent by upgrading practices in agriculture, which is the single largest consumer of water.
Productivity of water in agriculture remains extremely low in most developing countries.
In India irrigation accounts for 80 per cent of total water usage.
A comparison of cotton cultivation under similar climatic conditions in California and South India, both utilizing extensive methods of irrigation, revealed that on average the Indian farmer consumes 35 times more water per unit of cotton produced than his counter-part in California.
Water productivity can be enhanced by raising crop productivity as well as by adoption of deep chiselling technologies that enhance water retention in the soil.
It can also be improved by shifting to more water efficient crops, such as replacing sugarcane wherever possible with sugar beet, which consumes 60 per cent less water per unit of sugar produced.
Safety Nets: Long-term solution to the problem of food security requires efforts that will make people food self-sufficient.
But until those efforts can be put in place and made effective, continued reliance will have to be placed on public programmes such as India’s highly successful Mid-Day Meal scheme for school children and Food for Work programs that combine employment and food security.
The traditional concept of Food for Work needs to be enlarged to include skilled work related to human and social development.
A Global Food Guarantee scheme should be put in place, which combines Food for Work and Employment Guarantee in a systematic manner.
Human Development
Development is a human process.
It is the result of human aspirations turned into action, human energies expressed in thought and work, human imagination and creativity turned toward the upliftment of life, the invention of processes and products to enhance human productivity, the accumulation of knowledge and wisdom passed on from one generation to another, the acquisition and perfection of skills transmitted from parent to child, the conversion of talents into capacities, the pursuit of ideals, an ever widening of attitudes, and the evolution of more complex and productive forms of organization.
As this evolutionary process unfolds, each element of human personality -- physical skill, vital relationship, mental understanding, spiritual values – is enhanced in a progression without end, bringing with it greater material fruits, richer life experience, and higher knowledge.
The unfolding and flowering of the human being is at once the source and the goal of development.
Thus, in all our efforts to elevate human society, our primary endeavour must be to enhance these human endowments and expand individual freedom of self-expression.
Peace, democracy, employment opportunities, food security, education, training, access to information, cooperation, freedom of action and a spirit of innovation are the essential conditions and means for this process to advance.
There was a time when humanity’s progress was primarily the result of the collective efforts of the community, demanding and obtaining the strict obedience and conformity of its individual members to preserve what it had created and further the progress of the collective.
That point is now past.
In the century now commencing, the individual human being must come into his own as a free and creative force.
The groundwork has been prepared by the spread of democracy, human rights, universal education, gender and social equality and, more recently, information empowerment.
The power of individual awakening is responsible for the revolution of rising expectations that has fuelled unprecedented rates of growth and social transformation during the past half century.
That same power can be seen among the talented youth of developing countries today, who are awakened to the prospects of a better life and aspiring for higher accomplishment, either at home or in ever increasing numbers abroad.
The process of upward social mobility that took off in the USA after the Civil War is now occurring in countries around the globe.
One important expression of this movement is the growing trend toward entrepreneurship and self-employment.
It is prompting more and more talented individuals to decline the security and prestige of salaried employment to strike out on their own and seek higher accomplishment by their own effort and merit.
Training programs and courses are needed to promote entrepreneurship at all levels of society – from that of the craftsman and skilled industrial worker to the engineer and the MBA.
The mental outlook and psychological attitudes for entrepreneurship should also be inculcated through the mainstream educational system.
As India’s Freedom Movement worked to awaken the population to the possibility of independence from foreign rule and its Green Revolution worked to awaken farmers to the possibilities of higher productivity, the future lies in awakening each individual in society to his or her own greater human potential.
Chapter Seven of the Commission’s report examines some of the principal means at our disposal to enhance and accelerate the development of these human capacities.
It called for efforts to re-examine our development experience over the past few hundred years in order to arrive at a deeper and clearer understanding of the process and principles that govern human evolution, individually and collectively.
Since the publication of the report in 1994, ICPF’s successor organization, the International Center for Peace and Development, and The Mother’s Service Society in collaboration with the World Academy of Art and Science have worked to formulate a broader theoretical framework for understanding human development.
Strategies arising from this approach were presented at international conferences co-sponsored with the Gorbachev Foundation in Moscow and with the Noor al Hussein Foundation in Jordan, and were effectively applied to stop hyperinflation in Yugoslavia.
A full and conscious application of strategies arising from this framework can help to condense the period of transition of East European countries and the take-off of less developed countries from decades into a few years.
From this perspective, the single most important agent of human development is not the institutions of government or those of private enterprise.
It is the educational system that imparts to future generations the accumulated knowledge, skill and capacity acquired in the past.
The quality of that education will determine the quality of the human beings who build our future world.
Until now, too much emphasis has been placed on transfer of information from teacher to student, too little on the development of thinking and critical faculties by the student.
Too much reliance has been placed on the capacity of the teacher to teach, too little on the inherent natural capacity of human beings for self-motivated learning and self-discovery.
It may be fair to say that the state of our educational systems throughout the world is an accurate reflection of the state of human development in different societies.
In this context, the UN Millennium Goals of achieving universal primary education and eliminating gender disparities in primary and secondary education represent the bare minimum commitment that every society must make to enhance the capacities of its youth.
The great Tamil poet, Subramanya Bharati, rightly emphasized that nutrition and education are the two legs of a human being.
Pre-school education should receive as much attention as post-graduate education.
At the other end of the development spectrum, no society has yet developed the knowledge and expertise to impart the best of what it has acquired to a broad cross-section of its citizens.
Few have been able to ignite the aspiration for continuous learning and the capacity for original creativity that are the most profound characteristics of human consciousness.
Measured in these terms, even the most developed nations still have a long way to go and much that can be done to further the development of their people.
To sum up, 10 years ago when we presented the report of the International Commission on Peace and Food, we were optimistic that humankind will grasp the uncommon opportunities provided by democratic systems of governance and technological and knowledge revolutions for achieving a world without hunger and where every individual has an opportunity for a productive and healthy life.
The onward march of technology is still in full swing, but the political commitment to foster cooperative human security worldwide is yet to emerge.
The Information Age has given meaning and content to the concept of a global village.
The threats associated with climate change and biodiversity loss also underline the fact that while humankind may be segregated by political frontiers, our fates are intertwined ecologically.
Economically also, islands of prosperity cannot co-exist forever in the midst of oceans of poverty.
Both unsustainable lifestyles and unacceptable poverty must become features of the past, if we are to curb the growing violence in the human heart.
Ten years after presentation of our report, we remain convinced that universal health, harmony and happiness are still within our reach, if only we imbibe the eternal truth contained in the following message of Lord Krishna delivered on the battlefield of life called Kurukshetra:
We human beings can become whatever we sincerely aspire to become.
Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?
The mid-1980s was a time when global military spending reached an all-time high of $1.2 trillion.
Economic growth had slowed or stalled in much of the developing world, prompting some to term the 1980s the 'lost decade' for development.
While there was little agreement on what steps were needed to reverse the arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace, a consensus was emerging that something must be done to address the urgent problems of hunger, famine and endemic poverty that continued to plague much of the developing world and constituted a gnawing source of instability that refused to be contained by national boundaries.
The unconscionable loss of lives due to hunger in an age of plenty generated growing concern over the issues of food and famine.
Starvation forced millions of people, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, to flee their homes in despair.
It undermined social stability, fuelled violence and in some cases led to war between neighbours and fellow-countrymen.
The effort to glean more food from desiccated earth further ravaged the environment and aggravated shortages.
To this was added the galling sight of hunger amidst plenty, when adequate food production was not matched by sufficient job opportunities to provide incomes to all who needed to buy food because they could not grow their own.
These concerns motivated and were symbolized by the institution of the World Food Prize in 1987.
It was in this context that, on World Food Day in October 1988, a small group met in Washington DC and proposed the launching of a new initiative to utilize the growing consensus over food to press for more rapid and substantial progress on peace, disarmament and development.
Without peace there could be no stable basis or fertile soil for development, without development there could be no lasting and assured peace.
The inextricable linkage between war and famine, economic dislocation and unemployment, violence and social in stability, fleeing refugees and migrating populations, high military spending and growing indebtedness argued compellingly against any uni-dimensional approach to resolving the problems of peace and development.
In the rapprochement between the superpowers we saw an opportunity that demanded new perspectives, new attitudes and new approaches.
In constituting its membership, the Commission has brought together a highly diverse group of political leaders, scientists, economists, government administrators and businessmen, drawn from industrial and developing nations, with a wide range of experience in presiding over government ministries, administrative departments and agencies, international development and research institutions, prominent non-governmental agencies and private companies.
The first official plenary meeting of ICPF was held in Trieste, Italy, in October 1989, within a few days of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Over taken by the staggering pace of developments arising from the end of the Cold War, the world was being altered almost beyond recognition.
Our ambition to slow the arms race appeared suddenly insignificant in the light of unfolding events.
While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.
These monumental achievements were not purchased without cost.
Peace was accompanied by partial economic collapse in Eastern Europe.
It was evident from the outset that the transition in these countries would not be smooth or easy and that the destiny of the world in the twenty-first century would be influenced decisively by the outcome.
Severe food shortages in the Soviet Union, which angered the long-suppressed population and compelled the government to take radical action, once again highlighted the linkages between peace and food.
Production dropped precipitously as frantic efforts were made to reverse economic decline by radical measures.
Although these events were closely observed and strongly assisted by top international experts, the world lacked both the conceptual knowledge and the practical experience needed to guide these nations through their crisis.
At the invitation of the Soviet Academy of Agricultural Sciences, the Commission's next meeting, in November 1990, was held in Moscow: it would examine the challenges facing the USSR during the shift to democracy and a civilian market economy, and identify steps to improve the food supply, speed military conversion and ease the economic transition.
The immediate euphoria over the rapid reduction in tensions between East and West freed public attention to focus on other pressing problems and generated great expectations that a 'peace dividend' would usher in a period of rapid economic progress for developing countries.
Yet, despite a remarkable one-third reduction in worldwide defence spending from peak levels in the 1980s, foreign aid budgets continued to shrink.
This prompted us to examine the potential benefits that could be derived from transferring or redirecting scientific, technological, educational and productive resources from military applications to support development and the environment.
At the same time, increasing pressure was mounted by donors on aid-dependent developing countries to reduce their own defence spending, often with out consideration for the genuine security concerns of these countries.
The need to improve mechanisms to protect all nations from external aggression has stimulated a rethinking of the competitive security paradigm which has governed relations between nations throughout the century, and the formulation of an alternative approach.
The slow expansion of world trade and economic growth in developing countries during this period, attributable to prolonged recession in industrialized nations and a drastic decline in demand from Eastern Europe, underlined the need for more effective and better-coordinated development strategies to address the problems of the world's one billion people who live in hunger and absolute poverty.
Increasing the production and availability of food to meet the nutritional needs of a still rapidly expanding global population led us to propose steps to double food production in deficit regions.
In many countries, the problem of hunger has less to do with insufficient food production than with distribution or entitlement.
The poor lack remunerative employment opportunities to generate the purchasing power needed to obtain the minimum essential requirements of food.
In 1990, the Commission undertook a study of alternative strategies to eradicate poverty among the 300 million extremely poor in India, representing about 25 per cent of the poor worldwide, by more extensive development of commercial agriculture and agro-based industries.
Following ICPF's third plenary meeting in Madras in October 1991, ICPF's Prosperity 2000 plan for creating 100 million jobs in India was presented to the Indian government, which incorporated the strategy in its Eighth Five Year Plan.
The findings of that study and the strategic recommendations that emerged from it convinced us that eradicating the spectres of hunger, unemployment and poverty was possible even though these problems are present on such a massive scale in many developing countries.
Events continued to accelerate with the break-up of the USSR later that year, followed by the collapse of the Eastern European economies in 1992.
Simultaneously, the slowdown in trade within this region and the high cost of Germany's reunification were having an unexpected and unwelcome impact on economic recovery in the industrial countries.
Reduced military spending, large budget deficits and declining imports from Eastern Europe slowed growth and aggravated the already acute problem of unemployment in Europe and North America.
Rising anxiety over prospects for employment in the 1990s posed a serious threat to global trade negotiations and to the prospects for growth in the developing world.
Examination of the rising problem of unemployment in industrial nations led us to the formulation of a comprehensive strategy for full employment in the West.
The Commission's fourth plenary meeting in Oslo during September 1992 focused on the issues of employment and transition.
Our effort to examine each of these problems, both in depth and in relation to each other, was aided by the constitution of six working groups to study a wide gamut of issues related to peace, disarmament, food, employment and human development in the emerging global context.
This report is based upon the findings and recommendations of these groups, which were presented and discussed during the fifth and final plenary meeting at the Carter Presidential Center in Atlanta in October 1993.
This narrative of ICPF's brief history illustrates the complex array of interrelationships that link the issues of peace, social stability, disarmament, democracy and environment with economic transition in the East, employment in the West and poverty elimination and population stabilization in developing countries.
The necessity for understanding and addressing these issues as a complex whole rather than as disparate and independent parts has been an underlying principle of our work.
From the outset, it has been our intention to build upon the work of previous international commissions that have done so much to generate greater public awareness and support for coordinated global action.
This report contains specific operational strategies for implementing many of their recommendations.
Much of their work can come to fruition in the changed international climate, if only we shift the emphasis from preoccupation with cataloguing the problems to focusing on the opportunities available to eliminate them.
The work of an independent, self-constituted commission has the advantage of being unfettered by the necessity of conforming to any official policy lines.
It is also faced with the challenge of making a real further contribution on issues which engage so many excellent minds and institutions world wide.
In formulating the ideas and recommendations incorporated in this report, it has been our objective to avoid utopian and idealistic prescriptions that are incapable of being translated into practice in the foreseeable future.
At the same time, we have refused to be confined by what is presently considered realistic and practicable, because both intuition and recent experience confirm that our conception of what is real and achievable are themselves often the expression of limited and short-sighted perceptions.
Disclaimer
Due to the diversity and complexity of the views examined by the Commission, and the heterogeneous mix of Commission members drawn from a wide range of countries, backgrounds and professions, it has not been possible to arrive at consensus on all the views discussed in this report.
Five years of research and discussion have created a much greater commonality of perspective, but there are still significant differences among members regarding specific views and recommendations presented in this report.
However, all the Commissioners agree with the basic emphasis on social and gender equity, job-led growth and human security.
Members share the conviction that a candid and challenging discussion of these issues is more valuable than representation of a consensus view.
The Next Millennium
We are on the threshold of a new millennium.
All civilizations have recognized the special significance of new beginnings – the dawn of a new day, a new year, a new century.
These are moments of new birth when fresh vision and greater energy are available for setting out in a new direction or accelerating progress along our chosen course.
The dawn of a new millennium brings with it a tremendous power for renewal and advancement.
It can mark a decisive transition or staging ground for speeding humanity’s evolutionary progression.
The remarkable events of the past few years – the fall of the Berlin Wall, the turn to democracy in the former USSR and other countries of Eastern Europe, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, and concrete steps toward lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians – confirm this truth.
In an age of incredibly rapid and revolutionary change, who can confidently claim the wisdom to predict what can or cannot be accomplished in the coming decade?
Looking back on this moment ten years from now, we may well be able to chronicle what now appear as equally extraordinary achievements.
The glimpse of possible changes in the world over the next decade afforded in the box on pages 7–8 may appear outlandish and unrealistic to some.
It is an indication of what is possible, not a prophecy or projection of what is inevitable.
It presents a set of real opportunities that can be tapped, provided that we take best advantage of the present situation.
The progress it heralds is no more inconceivable and remarkable than the chain of recent achievements seemed seven years ago – yet those we have already come to take for granted and, underinsistent prodding by the media, to replace in our consciousness with ever new concerns.
PROSPECTS FOR THE YEAR 2005
According to the provisions of international treaty, the final batch of nuclear weapons has been destroyed, ushering in a world free of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons.
Global military spending has fallen by nearly 50 per cent since 1994 to $400 billion per annum (in 1990 US dollars), half of which is now contributed to a global military force responsible for enforcing a total ban on war between nations.
Not a single inter-state or civil war is raging due to the extension of the UN's mandate to prevent all forms of war and its vastly strengthened military capabilities.
International drug trafficking has declined by more than 80 per cent since the signing of the UN declaration granting the UN special powers to eradicate the drugs trade.
An accelerated schedule for dismantling trade barriers and the formation of regional economic unions, such as the Middle East Economic Area that incorporates Israel and the Arab states, and other initiatives to promote larger bilateral trade between countries and regions, have helped to more than double the growth rate in world trade.
With the assistance of the UN's World Development Force, proposed in this report, food shortages have been eliminated from the last famine danger zones in Africa, and total food production on that continent has doubled within a decade.
Poverty is its direct forms has been eradicated in China and India by strategies that have led to the creation of hundreds of millions of new jobs.
Rapid economic growth in developing countries has acted as a powerful engine for vigorous expansion among the industrialized nations.
In partial fulfilment of their common commitment to generate Full Employment Economies, the member states of the OECD have announced that unemployment in industrialized countries has dropped to the lowest level in half a century.
Most of the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia have achieved a significant measure of political and economic stability combined with unexpectedly high growth rates ranging from 5 to 10 per cent.
This region has emerged as an important source of trade and economic growth for the industrial nations.
Global expenditure on education and training as a percentage of GDP has doubled during the decade.
One remarkable result has been the complete eradication of illiteracy and universal enrolment in primary education.
Scientists report that the ozone layer is being restored to pre-1970 levels far more rapidly than had been anticipated.
This has been aided by a worldwide rush to renewable energy power generation led by such regions as California, which now produces 10,000 megawatts of electricity from wind power and has mandated an increase in pollution-free motor vehicles from the present level of 5 per cent to 25 per cent by 2010.
Common sense tells us it is not possible simply to wish away the serious problems barring these achievements.
We need the technology vastly to improve productivity in poor countries.
We need the organizational know-how to create effective administrative and political systems in transition states and to restructure international institutions.
We require enormous investments in constructive economic activities – as opposed to lavish arms spending – to generate jobs and higher incomes for hundreds of millions of people in the developing world, and by extension to stimulate further economic growth and job creation in the West.
All these essential ingredients are available in abundant measure, if only we choose to employ them for our common benefit.
Yet even this is not enough.
Otherwise, we would already have accomplished many of our goals.
Above and beyond these material, social and financial resources, we need a new vision, a new perspective and new attitudes about what can and must be done.
If the events of the past seven years prove anything, it is that a massive change of attitude and perspective, such as the one brought about between East and West, is imminently possible and incredibly powerful.
The one we have all been party to has immensely altered the world’s political and economic landscape – sweeping away at a single stroke the very real danger of another world war and widespread nuclear destruction.
The recommendations formulated in this report call for profound changes in the way we think, feel and act to meet the challenges and tap the opportunities of the coming decade.
We should not underestimate the magnitude of the changes required or the collective effort needed to bring them about.
Nor, as recent events confirm, should we under estimate the capacity of humankind to make these changes and realize the benefits.
During the twentieth century, humankind has achieved an unprecedented mastery of its physical and social environment – soaring into space and landing on the moon, exploring the ocean floors, harnessing the power of the atom, delving into the secrets of the human brain and creating machines that imitate many of its functions, unravelling our own genetic code, generating unimagined wealth for many, proliferating national and global institutions, evolving the rudimentary foundations of world governance.
Yet the very magnitude of these accomplishments has generated a sense of dependence and even helplessness.
Our own creations have cast a spell over us.
Impressed by the power of our works, we feel obliged to submit to our own incomplete and sometimes faulty constructions, rather than to complete or modify them to better meet our needs.
Instead of marvelling at the wondrous achievements of the modern era, we should marvel at the unlimited human capacity for invention and progress.
The beginning of the third millennium is an opportunity for us to rediscover the ancient truth that human beings, individually and collectively – not material resources, nor the technology we invent, nor the institutions we fashion – are the primary resource, driving force, centre-piece and ultimate determinant of our development.
The key lies within us.
Some Common Challenges
Listing future achievements does not mitigate the very real and pressing problems that confront us now.
A brief catalogue suffices to indicate the magnitude of these challenges.
Population: In spite of the continued decline in birth rates, world population is expected to rise by nearly three billion people or 50 per cent over the next three decades, making the task of achieving food security, employment and education for all even more daunting than it is today.
Poverty: The incidence of poverty continues to increase both in relative and absolute terms.
Presently, 1.4 billion people, constituting 26 per cent of the total population of developing and developed nations, live in poverty.
The poorest 20 per cent of the world’s population share a minuscule 1.4 per cent of the world’s income.
According to current projections, 300 million people, representing nearly 50 per cent of the population of sub-Saharan Africa, will live below the poverty line at the turn of the century.
Environment: Unsustainable lifestyles and consumption (in industrial countries) and population growth, along with rising levels of production and consumption (in developing countries), will place strenuous demands on the environment of the planet.
Growing damage to the basic life support systems of soil, water, flora, fauna and the atmosphere is taking place in all parts of the world.
Unemployment: In the West, rising levels of unemployment have increased resistance to free trade and immigration.
Rising levels of long-term unemployment and youth unemployment in inner cities are associated with the increasing incidence of crime.
In developing countries, rapid population growth continues to outpace job creation in most regions, resulting in high levels of unemployment, increasing social unrest and large scale migration from rural to urban areas and internationally.
Gender discrimination: Gender remains a major determinant of privilege and discrimination worldwide.
Women still suffer from unfavourable sex ratios, lower wages and restraints on property owner ship, as well as higher levels of illiteracy and lower educational attainments.
Rising violence: Violence is on the increase, especially violence within society in the form of civil wars, crime and drugs.
During the first half of 1994, 36 armed conflicts were in progress.
During the past year, more than half a million people perished in Somalia and Rwanda alone.
Nearly 100 less-known conflicts rage at the present moment.
Refugees: Violence, poverty and environmental degradation are displacing people on a massive scale.
Today there are more than 18 million refugees, far more than the number immediately following the Second World War.
A rising tide of immigration is increasing ethnic tensions and intolerance in both industrial and developing countries.
Debt: Outside the industrial countries, global growth in the last two decades has come from a limited number of countries in East and South East Asia.
Income inequalities are increasing rapidly, even between developing countries.
More than 60 countries are unable to meet their debt obligations.
Many are facing depressed prices for primary commodities, upon which they rely for their export earnings and debt servicing.
Economic collapse in Eastern Europe: The enormous spread and depth of economic decline among the former communist countries of Eastern Europe during the period 1990–3 exceeds in magnitude the catastrophe that engulfed the capitalist economies during the Great Depression of the 1930s.
Falling production and incomes coupled with soaring prices are combining to cause political instability, social unrest and extreme hardship to the populations of these nations.
If not remedied, this could result in a reversal of the remarkable progress towards world peace achieved during the past seven years.
Arms exports: The cutting of defence budgets has generated increasing pressure on arms manufacturers to seek export markets.
Although the value (in 1992 US dollars) of arms exports fell by more than 50 per cent from 1988 to 1992, it still represents nearly $20 billion annually.
These weapons, over 80 per cent of which are supplied by the five permanent members of the Security Council, directly contribute to the growing instability and violence.
During the last decade, 40 per cent of these weapons were sold to trouble spots such as Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia and Sudan.
These are, indeed, severe challenges that call for urgent and determined action by the global community on a scale unprecedented during times of peace.
But the lessons of the past decade should caution us against accepting as a fait accompli statistical projections that predict the outcome of our effort over the next ten years before it has even begun.
No such determinism exists, except in our minds.
Given the right leadership, we can change the course, amend the rules, alter the structures and accelerate action to achieve an entirely different and more favourable set of outcomes.
Our future is not a question of fate.
It is a question of choice.
Evolutionary Opportunities
What then is the justification for predicting a bright future?
There are political, economic, social and technological forces active in the world today that can override the causality of past trends and combine together to make this a time of unprecedented opportunity.
Intellectual synthesis: War is the result of a conflict that leads to a forceful resolution followed by a fresh period of progress.
The end of the Second World War marked the defeat of fascism.
It gave birth to the United Nations, followed by the dissolution of colonial empires and freedom for more than forty subject nations.
The end of the Cold War marks the end of a seventy-year confrontation between two opposing ideologies – capitalist and socialist – that reflected a more profound conflict between two fundamental aspects of human existence – individual freedom and social responsibility.
The posing of these two as opposite and mutually exclusive forces has for long limited our freedom of thought and action and prevented us from boldly experimenting with new ways to reconcile them.
The peaceful termination of this confrontation has lowered the mental barriers.
It provides us with an opportunity to synthesize these forces in a manner which balances individual freedom with collective action to eradicate the blatant manifestations of poverty, social injustice and inequity.
Economic liberalism and rising investment in developing countries: One immediate result of this reconciliation has been the recent movement of economic liberalization spreading throughout the developing world, accompanied by the relaxation of bureaucratic constraints that impede growth.
This trend has stimulated a dramatic increase in foreign investment in these countries, which has risen nearly six-fold during the past seven years.
Private loans and foreign direct investment together are now approximately twice the level of total overseas development assistance.
This investment provides additional benefit in the form of increased transfer of technology and management skills, increased access to export markets and a reduction in the cost of capital.
Defence cuts: The monumental and extravagant waste of human, material, scientific and financial resources resulting from the preparation, execution and consequences of armed conflict are too staggering to quantify.
In financial terms alone, direct expenditure on defence over the past decade was roughly equivalent to the value of the entire world’s gross annual product.
The $400 billion reduction in global military expenditure achieved during the past seven years can be matched by a further saving of equal or greater magnitude, representing four times the current combined annual levels of foreign aid and international capital flows to developing countries.
The freeing of an additional $400 billion a year for development would be sufficient to finance the eradication of poverty worldwide.
Less than 3 per cent of this saving is sufficient to eradicate the diseases that now claim the lives of 25,000 children every day.
End of war: Cessation of war and of the threat of large-scale warfare are essential preconditions for more rapid social progress.
The end of East–West confrontation and withdrawal of support for proxy wars fuelled by superpower rivalry provide us with the opportunity to build upon and extend peace in the Middle East and South Africa to all regions, to eliminate the use of war as an instrument of policy, and to impose peace within and between nations as a condition for membership and participation in the world community.
Expansion of world trade: The end of international political confrontation has given a strong impetus to global economic cooperation.
The successful conclusion of the international trade negotiations, culminating in the establishment of the World Trade Organization, opens up vast potential for nations to increase mutually beneficial economic activity, predicated on the under standing that more trade is good for everyone.
Studies cited by the World Bank estimate that the removal of trade barriers by the industrial nations would increase the exports of many developing countries by as much as 50 to 100 per cent, representing a gain in real income of $40 billion to $80 billion annually.
For the least developed countries, these gains could be double the amount of official development assistance.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cited reasons for concluding that actual gains may be significantly higher than these estimates.
New engines for global economy: Economic growth in the developing world is projected to remain strong throughout the decade, averaging 4 to 5 per cent per year in low- and middle-income countries.
At a time of slackened demand and low levels of growth in most industrial nations, developing countries have become the principal engine driving expansion of the global economy and employment generation, whereas until recently the Third World was perceived primarily as a drag on the world economy or a threat to jobs in the West.
The potential for much higher rates of growth in these countries, as recently achieved by China, can result in much larger flows of capital, technology and organizational know-how.
Recognition of this opportunity should be central to the strategy of industrial nations for stimulating their own job growth.
Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.
Concerted action now could bring these benefits much sooner.
Information superhighways: Information is a catalyst and stimulant to social development.
The speed of information, like the speed of transportation, is a critical determinant of economic activity.
Innovations brought about by the marriage of computers and telecommunications will make possible more, faster and better communication in developing countries at substantially lower cost through global computer networks and satellite-linked telephone systems.
In some areas, such as finance, news and sports, the barriers to the flow of information are already crumbling.
The increasing quality, quantity and speed of information flows about markets, technologies and significant events are quickening growth of the global economy.
One consequence has been the globalization of financial markets, resulting in increased financial transfers to developing countries.
The technology exists for similar achieve ments in many other fields related to development.
Global consciousness: The impact of the 1992 Earth Summit goes far beyond the decisions taken to protect the global environment.
By focusing on critical threats that can only be met through common action, it has changed the way people and nations think about the world and each other.
A consciousness of One World is emerging above the din of individualistic and nationalistic self-interest.
This new perspective will enable us to generate effective strategies for addressing many problems that have thus far defied solution.
In addition to these nine factors, two powerful revolutions are re-drawing the landscape of the global society and generating an unparalleled dynamism for rapid progress on the issues of critical concern to humanity.
Democracy, Peace and Development
The first is a revolutionary movement from authoritarianism to democracy that has travelled around the world during the past decade.
The initial wave swept through Latin America in the early 1980s, replacing military regimes in Peru, Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Chile, Paraguay and Bolivia.
In 1979, 12 out of 19 Latin American countries had authoritarian governments.
By 1993, every country except Cuba and Haiti had a democratically elected government.
Glasnost and perestroika in the USSR initiated a second and more powerful tide of freedom that expanded rapidly through Eastern Europe and then to other continents, in the same way that India’s attainment of freedom from colonial rule gave birth to a host of freedom movements and new nations after the Second World War.
The number of single-party or military states and people under autocratic rule has fallen dramatically since 1980, and the trend continues.
This shift to multi-party democracy, when coupled with a free press and an independent judiciary, vastly reduces the threat of large-scale wars similar to those that have twice shaken the world in this century.
Three factors are at play in most conflict situations: the absence of developed democratic institutions, the absence or abuse of fundamental human rights, and the inability to make those choices in the management of public policy on which good governance depends.
Authoritarian governments find justification for their existence in the presence of external threats to national security, in times of war and during periods of imperialist expansionism.
They have a vested interest in maintaining a state of tension or initiating conflicts.
In contrast, empirical evidence shows that liberal democracies do not go to war against one another.
A study by Dean V. Babst of 116 major wars from 1789 to 1941 revealed that ‘no wars have been fought between independent nations with elective governments’.
The reasons for this are several.
Democracies tend to be more prosperous and better educated.
They share common political cultures based on individual rights and liberties.
They establish orderly and peaceful processes for conflict resolution within society.
In addition, elected governments find it extremely difficult to win public support for initiating and sustaining wars in which the country’s own citizenry must fight, except in order to rebuff or forestall external aggression, as illustrated by domestic opposition to America’s role in Vietnam.
War is the engine of dictatorial power.
Peace is the social dividend of democracy.
Peace is not merely the absence of war.
It is a settled, stable, secure condition which thrives on a foundation of political maturity, social freedom and economic well-being.
A world in which all major military powers – with the present exclusion of China – have democratic governments removes the ideological basis and political pressure for confrontation between states.
If it is maintained, the adoption of democratic forms of government by the nations of Eastern Europe and the developing world will help ensure peaceful relations between states, which is the most fundamental precondition for accelerated economic development.
The marriage of democracy and disarmament can transform the world – abolishing wars, eliminating nuclear arsenals, liberating hundreds of billions of dollars for building a better common future.
In economic terms, the shift to democratic government presents an opportunity for more rapid development in these countries.
During the post-war period of technology-driven industrialization, there is a strong correlation between a representative form of government and rapid economic development.
This relationship is reciprocal.
In democratic countries freedom of expression and exposure to independent media awaken people to expectation of a better life and encourage them to take initiatives that lead to prosperity.
At the same time, the democratic tendency is strengthened substantially by rising standards of living.
As democracies distribute political power, they also tend to distribute the benefits of science, technology, information and education, which are the essential building blocks of economic development.
Democracies provide greater access to resources, permit greater social mobility, and encourage institutional innovation.
Not surprisingly, today all of the high-income industrial nations, as well as the top 25 ranked nations on UNDP’s Human Development Index, are liberal democracies.
In contrast, only eight of the 43 poorest nations have multi-party democratic political systems.
Even among the poorest countries, democracy has served to protect the population from the worst scourges of war and poverty that have ravaged many authoritarian countries.
Economist Amartya Sen was one of the earliest to observe that no country with a democratic government and a free press has suffered from famine during the last four decades.
India, the world’s most populous democracy, suffered its last major famine prior to independence in 1943.
Although a major famine threatened ten million lives in India during the mid-1960s, it was averted by the government’s emergency measures and timely launching of the Green Revolution.
In contrast, as many as 30 million persons may have died of famine in China during the late 1950s.
The political necessity of maintaining popular support and the threat of exposure by the media force elected governments to take all necessary steps to ensure sufficient food supplies.
Modern democracy is the political counterpart of the market economic system.
Historically, democracy broke the monopoly of the aristocracy over governance of the people, giving freedom and rights to the individual politically.
The market system – basing itself on property rights and self-determined initiatives of the individual producer and consumer – is an economic expression of the same principle.
Both democracy and market-oriented economies decentralize authority and decision making, providing the essential legal and regulatory framework and empowering the individual to choose and act with minimum direction or interference from above.
Both depend for their success on the quality of those choices, which means on the quality of education and information possessed by the mass of people, and on the freedom and dynamism of the population.
In contrast, authoritarian systems and command economies centralize decision making, restrict the flow of information to the public, foster vast unresponsive bureaucracies, limit individual freedom and initiative within narrow bounds, and encourage obedience and conformity rather than innovation.
The spread of education, which fosters independent thinking, and dissemination of information through the media were important factors in undermining public acceptance of communism in Eastern Europe.
In a real sense, it was Gorbachev’s policy of glasnost that brought down the Iron Curtain.
It opened up an insular society and exposed it to an avalanche of new information, new ideas and new possibilities, which released a fervent aspiration in the people for a better life.
Over the last few years, democratization has been especially dynamic in Africa, where it has been dubbed Africa’s Second Liberation.
During the first three decades of post-colonial independence, almost all of the continent’s 54 states had come under either single-party or military rule.
The preference for authoritarian rule was often justified by the need for rapid economic development, which could be impeded by opposition to government policies and by the need to contain regional and tribal conflicts.
Neither of these claims has proven true.
Living standards have actually declined in most African countries during the last two decades.
Regional and tribal politics have flourished.
Dozens of civil and inter-state wars have been fought, accounting for millions of lost lives.
Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.
There are even winds of change in the Middle East, where Jordan has recently shown the way by conducting free elections.
The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.
Russia hastened to introduce democratic reforms in the hope that they would lead to rapid economic advancement.
China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.
As an immediate result, China has the highest economic and employment growth rates among the nations of the world, while Russia has experienced three successive years of steeply declining national income.
These differences are of vital importance, but they centre around the issue of the best strategy for the transition in human terms, not on the ultimate importance of democracy to continuous economic development.
The opening up to foreign trade and investment, the spread of higher education which is essential to achieve global competitiveness and the rising living standards which the market system will generate – all serve to undermine the legitimacy and staying power of the single-party system.
China has released a social movement that is rapidly shifting power from the Party to market-responsive institutions and special interest groups, which include wealthy entrepreneurs, provincial officials, workers and peasants.
Final assessment of China’s strategy will be determined by the further response of the political system to rising social expectations and growing pressure for greater individual freedom.
Restructuring the UN
The movement towards democracy is not merely a question of idealism.
In some countries, particularly in Africa, it is an essential step towards over coming the desperate economic conditions that threaten the lives of millions of people.
In many others, it can vastly accelerate the development process by releasing greater social initiative.
In his message to the ICPF quoted earlier, the UN Secretary General emphasized the importance of democratization – what he chose to call political development – as an essential foundation and complement to peace, and to both economic and social development.
There have been cases where development was accompanied by an authoritarian political system.
But, we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.... Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization – these are the goals of the United Nations.
In order for this revolution to have its full beneficial impact on the world’s political and economic affairs, its principles need to be extended to cover all nations and international institutions.
The end of the confrontation between democratic and autocratic superpowers within the UN system opens up the possibility of finally translating the idealistic aims of the UN into practical realities.
First and foremost is the prospect of extending representative government to all nations.
This effort will be given strong impetus by establishing democracy as a minimum condition for membership and participation of states in the affairs of the UN.
It is true that the UN stands for diversity and pluralism, but not when it comes to freedom and human rights.
True pluralism and diversity can only be exercised and enjoyed by people in freedom.
Recognizing the considerable effort that will be needed to prepare still subject people and to train national leaders in democratic institutions and processes, all possible support should be extended by the international community to make available the knowledge and skills needed to build viable political institutions.
The UN should establish a graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states.
Should the people of any country themselves prefer an alternative system, let them freely make that choice by electoral process.
Suspension of voting rights or of the privileges of membership should be the ultimate penalty for the failure of governments to comply with this condition within a reasonable period of time.
The affirmation of democratic principles cannot and will not stop with the domestic governance of member countries.
It is inevitable that the same principles be extended to the relationships between the nations that make up the international community.
The present structure of the UN system is a product of the Second World War, just as the League of Nations was of the First.
The Allied powers conceived it at the height of the war and evolved its structure to reflect the immediate post-war realities.
Russia, the USA, France and the UK emerged from the war as the arbiters of the world order.
The defeated Axis powers, Germany and Japan, were relegated to the back ground.
Mainland China had become communist and was therefore excluded from the power structure.
India and the other colonies had not yet gained their freedom.
In recognition of the mutual suspicions between Russia and the Western powers, the rule of unanimity usually adopted by political conferences was applied to decisions made by the five major powers that became the permanent members of the Security Council.
The rest of the world was poorly represented.
Only 51 nations – including only two African states, two East Asian nations and three Soviet republics – out of the current total of 184 UN members were present at its founding.
This structure is based on political realities that no longer hold true.
As the limitations of the League led to renewed conflagration two decades later, so the arrangements underlying the establishment of the UN contained within them the seeds of the confrontation between the superpowers and the Cold War.
The present international system of governance is as far from being truly representative and ‘democratic’ as many erstwhile authoritarian governments that incorporated the popular adjective in the names of their parties or states.
The UN Charter assigns primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security to the Security Council of 15 members, of whom five are permanent members with veto power over all matters.
In no other constitution or organization founded on democratic principles is it accepted that a few members may thus invalidate the decisions of the majority.
The General Assembly, in which all members are represented and which is headed by an elected Secretary, is only an advisory body, constituted to ‘discuss any questions relating to the maintenance of international peace and security’ and to ‘make recommendations with regard to any such questions to the state or states concerned or to the Security Council or both’.
This authorization is restricted by the provision that in regard to any dispute or situation in which the Security Council is exercising its functions under the Charter, the General Assembly will not make any recommendations with regard to the dispute or situation unless the Security Council so requests.
It may have been the wisdom of the great powers to fashion this non-democratic structure and maintain it, so long as the superpowers and the military blocs stood in firm opposition to each other, and so long as military power was a primary factor in world affairs.
Equally, it will be wisdom now to recognize that this system is no longer justifiable or tenable.
The end of the East–West confrontation, the rise of economic power and economic issues to a dominant position in international relations, the proliferation of new member countries from the developing world, and, most importantly, the emergence of development along side peace as a primary mission of the UN system, are all arguments for radical change.
The same rationale that warrants an insistence on the adoption of democratic institutions and democratic rights within all member countries also justifies their adoption by the international community.
A system that is not truly representative will not have the credibility and cannot generate the necessary participation and cooperation required for effective action on issues of crucial importance to the whole world.
The rule of unanimity or veto power cannot be an effective principle of governance in a world of complex and diverse interests, as the recent conflict of interests within the European Union also illustrates.
Those nations that regard themselves as the standard bearers of democracy and human rights within nations cannot justify denying these principles between nations.
World peace and prosperity in the coming decades will depend on our willingness boldly to confront this issue.
At the end of the Second World War the victorious nations joined together to found the UN.
At the end of the Cold War, the organization needs to be re-founded, and restructured according to democratic principles, to give a more active role and more equitable representation to people of all nations.
To deem such considerations unrealistic given the present alignment of power in the world is a short-sighted view.
It ignores the incredible speed and scope of changes that have radically transformed international relations over the past half decade.
It assumes that the present system has the backing of the international community and that it can and will sustain itself regardless of whatever steps we may contemplate.
A fundamental change in structure is essential and inevitable.
The break-up of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War have resulted in the demise of the bipolar system which dominated international relations after 1945.
The United States is now recognized as the sole superpower and the primary determinant of actions by the UN Security Council.
But neither America’s culture nor its historical economic and political development and present outlook will permit it to take on the extraordinary responsibilities and overseas commitments which fulfilment of this role necessitates, as its reluctance to get involved in Bosnia and Rwanda, and its quick withdrawal from Somalia illustrate.
Indeed, no one nation can or should assume such responsibilities on behalf of the whole world.
The rapid shift of Eastern European and former Soviet republics to radically different political and economic systems demonstrates that changes of even greater magnitude than this can be brought about rapidly.
There is likely to be far greater support for this change than may at first appear possible.
Russia may actively support and China offer only nominal resistance, once a clear conception of the new structure has emerged.
Ironically, the major opposition to this change is most likely to come from the past defenders of democratic principles in the Western world, rather than from the newly liberated nations of Eastern Europe.
If so, this will follow the normal law of social development in which the vanguards of previous revolutions become the principal opponents of the next stage of progress.
Even here it is likely to come primarily from entrenched vested interests, not the general public.
A mere tinkering with or modest amendment to the structure of the UN will only perpetuate the inherent inadequacies of the present system and postpone its maturation into a truly effective instrument for global political, economic and social integration and collective accomplishment.
Many proposals are being floated to modify its workings, mostly by expanding representation on the Security Council.
As an interim measure and first steps, the immediate addition of five more permanent members to the Security Council, based on the criteria of population and economic status, and the abolition of the veto power are fully justified.
However, these changes do not go far enough in furthering the interests of global peace and development.
They will not fundamentally alter the out-dated, non-representative structure which perpetuates the status quo.
It is time to devise a new formula and a new structure for international governance that will reconcile and harmonize the political rights and economic interests of all the world’s peoples.
The institution that had come to symbolize the Cold War must be restructured in such a manner as to symbolize the abolition of all war and the establishment of peace and democracy as the foundations for global development.
Global Social Revolution
A second revolution also possesses tremendous transforming power to accelerate human progress – the revolution of rising expectations.
This revolution is not new in conception or expression, but what is new is its rapid extension to encompass people and nations around the globe.
Although the term was first applied to describe the growing aspirations of the middle class in North America forty years ago, it is now widely applicable to all social and economic groups in both developed and developing countries.
After countless centuries of slow, often imperceptible progress, humanity everywhere is on the move.
A rising tide of technological advancement has brought with it wave after wave of social innovation.
Democracy has liberated long suppressed populations from military or political oppression.
With the passing of colonialism, a new generation of youth has come of age in developing countries that never lived under the fear, compulsion and humiliation of colonial rule.
The knowledge imparted by the spread of universal education has removed much of the ignorance and superstition, the submissiveness and sense of inferiority that limited people’s mental and social horizons in the past.
The elimination of deadly epidemic diseases has replaced an ever-looming shadow of fear with vibrant health and prolonged vigour for billions.
Improved methods of cultivation have converted food shortages into abundance or surplus in many countries which until recently suffered from chronic hunger.
Advanced production technologies have made accessible to greater numbers the comforts and conveniences that until recently were exclusively in the purview of the élite.
Vast sections in developing countries now have access to wristwatches, bicycles, televisions, travel, houses and motor vehicles of all descriptions.
Although China produced only 178,000 refrigerators between 1949 and 1979, production has now soared to the highest level in the world to meet the surging demand.
More than 39 million house holds, representing 56 per cent of all urban households, have acquired them in the last fifteen years.
Similarly, between 1981 and 1990 India’s production of televisions rose more than ten-fold from 450,000 per year to 4.8 million.
Exposure to lifestyles elsewhere through the media, cinema and travel has created greater awareness of possibilities and generated higher hopes.
The enormous recent achievements of East Asian countries, which are quickly closing the economic gap that separates them from the wealthiest nations, act as a constant reminder and goad to those who have achieved less.
In the new atmosphere of peace and greater freedom brought about by the end of the Cold War, all these factors combine to add urgency and intensity to the aspirations of the lower and middle classes everywhere.
Not long ago most people expected to end their lives in the same place and largely in the same position as they and their predecessors began.
Growth was confined to the advancement of a small number of individuals, mostly within existing levels of the established social order.
Development was a slow, haphazard and largely unconscious result of countless individual efforts.
Today, people in most developing countries are motivated by an expectation, an urge, a feverish drive for rapid advancement that has acquired the characteristics of a social revolution.
The search for greater comfort, convenience, security and enjoyment motivates entire societies to embrace progress as their primary goal and collectively dedicate themselves to achieve it.
The race for development has become an intense preoccupation of every nation.
The slow pace of trial and error growth is no longer adequate to meet the rising demands of the people.
The awakening of this compelling urge has unleashed a powerful social force for human progress.
That force refuses to be bound by either rationality or morality.
Revolution means to bring future results more quickly, sooner than they would come through normal evolutionary processes.
In earlier ages, people revolted when their most basic needs were not met, when they were denied rights or oppressed.
Today, vast sections in developing countries are stirred to action because their expectations are not fulfilled.
Economic liberalization has unleashed people’s expectations: witness the rush of Chinese peasants to invest in the stock market and the increasing demand of Indian villagers for a range of consumer goods.
The same movement continues in the West as increased physical and social mobility, the growing demand for higher education and the widespread urge for greater recreation and travel.
These expectations are the seed and driving force for social progress.
They provide the energy and create the openness and willingness for change.
But they also increase the danger of frustration, disappointment and violence.
The end of the Cold War was expected to usher in an age of peace, but actually violence is on the rise in both developing and developed countries because of the widening gap between human expectations and achievements.
This growing gap between expectations and achievements is at the root of contemporary turbulence worldwide.
The popular and some times violent demand for freedom and participatory democracy, the return of religion in politics, surging ethno-nationalism and intolerance, and rising urban crime are disparate expressions of this phenomenon.
In Eastern Europe, where a peaceful revolution from within has broken the shackles of statism that long confined the energies of people, these energies now surge forward in high and eager expectations of a better life.
Already there are growing signs of impatience, disappointment and frustration arising from the greater hardships that have come in place of the greater benefits that all expected.
It is essential that these energies be channelled into constructive pursuits that generate tangible improvements.
Otherwise they may recoil from the effort and look backwards to a failed system or be guided by false prophets on a path that once again poses a threat to other nations.
The phenomenon of growing violence in an age of increasing affluence seems to contradict the thesis that poverty is one of the major causes of violence, until we realize that the increasingly visible signs of prosperity the world over raise the expectations and aggravate the sense of deprivation and revolt among those that have been by-passed by the general progress.
Greater political and social freedom can only further magnify this tendency.
This suggests that violence at the international, national and community levels cannot and will not be eradicated before poverty itself has been abolished, and that, if poverty is left unaddressed at its source, further economic progress is likely further to aggravate conflict in society, unless we are able to extend the benefits of progress to everyone.
This realization would be quite disconcerting were it not for the fact that we are fast approaching the time when both these persistent ills of humankind can be banished forever – the way slavery and colonialism were banished in the past.
The recognition that it is neither desirable nor possible to go backwards adds urgency to our efforts to move forward.
Revolutions of the past have been partial and localized negative reactions against an existing social order, and benefited only a small part of society that, in turn, blindly resisted change.
They resulted in war and usually much destruction.
The revolution of rising expectations is a positive, constructive movement spreading to encompass people at all levels of all societies around the globe, and pressing for the establishment of a higher social organization that can meet the expectations of all humanity.
But the energies liberated by this revolution have to be properly converted into an evolutionary effort for development, otherwise they will fly off in unwanted directions.
Society must provide the conditions and opportunities for these energies to express themselves positively and constructively in pursuit of their own fulfilment.
Education is the most essential ingredient for this transformation.
It is a great leveller of social hierarchy.
It has the power to transform the propensity for violent revolution into ordered evolution.
It can temper and mature aspirations and enlighten expectations by an under standing of what can reasonably be sought after and achieved.
It can impart knowledge of opportunities, attitudes that support constructive initiative and skills for productive application.
Production technologies that make consumer goods available at lower and lower cost to more and more people also level social differences by extending the benefit of development more widely and evenly.
The soaring of human aspirations is a natural and irresistible result of goals that humankind has been striving for over the last century.
It is a direct product of the great advances in freedom and democracy, human rights, social equality for women and minorities, health and education, science and technology, the rule of law, social institutions and social welfare.
Society has no alternative but to meet these growing expectations by channelling the awakened energies into productive pursuits.
For that we need to acquire a greater understanding of the social and psychological process that has already enabled so many to achieve so much.
The challenge and the opportunity now presented is to make conscious the previously unconscious process of development, to accelerate it, and to convert the revolution of rising social expectations into a positive energizing movement of the entire global society.
This is the all-powerful driving force that has so radically transformed the social landscape during this ‘century of the common man’.
This is the ultimate ‘rationale’ behind the inevitable claim of the poor everywhere that will be made with ever-growing insistence and impatience until it is finally granted – as the birthright of every human being – freedom, food, education, employment, prosperity and fulfilment for all.
Perspectives for the New Millennium
The individual effect, complex linkages, mutually supportive interactions and consequent cumulative impact of these two revolutions and the nine other factors propelling global change are incalculable.
They make this a rare moment in history for a quantum leap forward, which many have dreamed about but few believed achievable.
Seizing this opportunity requires, most importantly of all, a change in awareness, attitude and perspective.
Several ideas will be of abiding value in our endeavour to make the most of this rare moment.
Our present problems and future potentials can only be understood when viewed from a wider historical perspective that avoids getting lost in the media-driven drama and intensity of momentary crisis and short-term trends.
As recent global action to protect the environment amply demonstrates, public awareness and understanding are growing too rapidly and becoming too important in global affairs for us to rely on the present positions of governments or current public sentiment as gauges of what may be achieved in the near future.
More reliable indices of what is possible are the underlying currents that are rapidly raising the value of the human being, bringing nations together in ever-closer co-operation and mutual interdependence, and pressing the international community to raise its goals.
The world is blind to the measure of its own accomplishments.
We need fully to recognize the astonishing magnitude of the achievements of the present century and fully to understand the process that made them possible.
This process expresses itself as scientific, technological, commercial, political, economic, social and cultural development.
But its driving force is social and psychological.
Its prime mover is human beings.
Becoming conscious of the process of society’s past achievements is a key to more rapid future progress.
There needs to be a two-fold shift of our attention and emphasis from solving problems to tapping opportunities and from seeking to meet minimum needs to achieving our maximum potential.
Preoccupation with studying problems often becomes an excuse for not dealing with them, while sapping our enthusiasm for action.
Recognition of opportunities releases fresh energy and constructive initiative.
Setting goals to achieve minimum needs ensures that the minimum is the most we will accomplish.
Seeking to tap the maximum potentials challenges us to strive unceasingly for higher goals.
The world possesses the technology, resources and organizational abilities needed to eradicate poverty from the globe.
Positing material constraints becomes a justification for non-action.
The true constraints are not material, but psychological and social.
Recognizing the real barriers will help us overcome them.
Human beings are our most creative, productive and precious resource.
Human capacity increases the more it is drawn upon.
It can never be exhausted.
Developing the human resource should be the centrepiece of all development strategy.
We can solve today’s most pressing problems if we adopt a total approach which takes into account all the interrelated factors – political, economic, technological, social and environmental – rather than relying on partial strategies.
Partial remedies, however welcome or desirable, can always generate side-effects – such as the increase in social tensions and violence observed when increasing political and social freedom are not matched by increasing economic opportunity, or the rise in unemployment and arms exports that accompany a reduction in defence expenditure.
The success of the Green Revolution was due to its integration of technological, institutional, commercial and public policy measures, while its short comings arose from its failure to integrate environmental factors, which are now being incorporated in agricultural development strategies.
Comprehensive measures can eliminate the side-effects of partial progress.
The progress of the whole depends on the progress of all its parts.
Humankind is infinitely enriched by the qualitative diversity of culture and individual expression, but it is immeasurably impoverished by the quantitative abyss which separates the more fortunate from the rest of humanity.
The most prosperous levels of society cannot fully and finally rise to higher levels of accomplishment and enjoyment without first ensuring that the less fortunate and less productive are helped to obtain the full fruits of life at the present level of social achievement.
Social equity, apart from its moral value, is an essential condition for continued progress.
A proper balance has to be found between the principles of freedom and social responsibility, competition and co-operation, and between public good and private profit.
All individual achievement is based on prior social accomplishment.
The courageous pioneer and talented individual who achieve more for themselves always draw upon a rich social legacy and build on the ideas, knowledge, discoveries, inventions and innovations of countless people and societies who have come before.
Policies should be formulated to reflect the contribution of the collective to all individual achievement.
The main prerequisite and condition for the fulfilment of the world’s many different potentials is peace.
As democracy supports peaceful relations between states, economic prosperity and fuller development of people, peace makes possible the development of stable political institutions, more productive economic activity and a more civilized and enlightened social life.
Without establishing a stable climate of peace, human rights cannot be safeguarded, democratic institutions cannot function effectively, prosperity cannot flourish, and human beings cannot discover their higher capacities for external achievement and inner fulfilment.
Peace is imperative for a thriving democracy.
A comprehensive perspective and integrated approach to these inter-related issues can lead to a major breakthrough on multiple fronts.
We are poised at what can become a turning point in the role of war in human affairs.
The momentous consequences at stake call for decisive action.
Historically, war has been a means of territorial expansion and economic conquest that strengthened and enriched the conqueror while draining the energy and diminishing the wealth of the conquered.
War and economic development co-existed and sometimes complemented each other.
Technological progress increased defensive and offensive capabilities.
The demands of war and the associated destruction stimulated greater economic activity and spurred organizational innovation, especially for the benefit of those not directly engaged in the conflict.
Guns were one of the first products of mass production.
In the modern era, society has become the principle target and victim of war.
With the advent of the Industrial Revolution, technology and economic activity in support of fighting forces became an increasingly significant factor.
As a result, more and more effort was directed at eliminating or crippling the enemy’s economic and industrial capacity and the ‘national will’ to wage war.
Targeting of civilian populations became increasingly common.
In the two world wars in this century, opposing sides waged all-out war against the military, political, economic and social resources and capacities of the enemy society.
The strategic bombings of the Second World War, the fire-bombing of Tokyo, and the nuclear devastation of Hiroshima and Nagasaki took this concept to the extreme.
As a result, the ratio of military to civilian casualties in military conflicts changed dramatically.
In the First World War, there were 20 military casualties for each civilian death.
In the Second World War, the ratio was one to one.
In the Korean War, civilian deaths out numbered military losses five to one.
In the Vietnam War, this ratio rose to 20 to one.
Advances in the sophistication and dissemination of modern military technology have fuelled this trend.
The Iran–Iraq War, the war in Afghanistan and the Gulf War involved the use of ballistic missiles against civilian centres.
In all, over 5,000 surface-to-surface missiles have targeted population centres during the last five decades.
The devastating effect of even conventional weapons on economic activity and society in general is so great that today no developed nation can afford the costs of military confrontation, either at home or overseas.
No longer can non-combatants sit quietly on the sidelines or work productively undisturbed.
War both between and within states has come to involve and affect all of society.
Infrastructure and production facilities have become a principal target of military action.
Food supplies are frequently the first major casualty and most lethal weapon.
A single explosion can paralyze a major metropolis or contaminate an entire region with toxic material, dwarfing the devastation caused by the industrial accidents at Chernobyl and Bhopal.
The disruption of trade resulting even from regional conflicts such as the Gulf War or the war in Bosnia, impacts not only on the economies of the belligerents, but also on neighbours, trading partners and global economic performance.
Neither the victor nor the victim can any longer afford to resolve conflicts violently.
Political states may still be able to survive wars, but developmental achievements can not.
So long as the benefits of development are confined to one or a few sections of society, the costs of militarization and war may not prevent economic and social progress.
But when the need is to fulfil the rising expectations of the masses by extending the benefits of development to the entire society – thus enabling the society as a whole to move to the next higher level of collective affluence and fulfilment – every social resource must be garnered and harnessed for this purpose.
The colossal cost of armaments and the catastrophic destruction of war are incompatible with the achievement of prosperity for all.
Peace has become the fundamental imperative for development.
War as an Instrument of Policy
Humanity has lived with war for so many millennia that it is difficult to imagine a world without it.
Even in the four decades of ‘peace’ following the Second World War, approximately 160 inter-state and intra-state wars, including 100 major conflicts, have been fought in developing countries, leading directly to 20 million deaths – half of them caused by the armed forces of developed countries in Korea, Indochina, Algeria and other anti-colonial wars – and to another 20 million war-related casualties.
These massive casualties during a time of ‘peace’ are roughly equal to the total casualties incurred by all the countries of the world during the last world war.
An equally disturbing phenomenon has been the expansion of violence within society for political purposes.
Of the 82 armed conflicts between 1989 and 1992, only three were between states.
During 1993, 42 countries were involved in 52 major conflicts, and another 37 experienced political violence.
Terrorist warfare, whose principal aim is to threaten social peace, has become the model for conflicts in Northern Ireland, the Middle East and the drug war in Colombia.
Modern means of communication, increased vulnerabilities of inter-dependent, integrated civil societies, and modern instruments of violence make these forms of war extremely destructive.
The expansion of war to encompass society poses one of the most serious challenges to national and international security and development and raises fundamental questions regarding war as an instrument of policy.
For more than two centuries, war has been rationalized as an appropriate instrument in international affairs.
The increasing destructiveness of violent conflict to society in general has resulted in a shift in military strategy from actual fighting to preventive diplomacy.
The Helsinki Process, the Stockholm Document, the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, the Warsaw Treaty’s adoption of the doctrine of ‘non-offensive defence’, and most recently the UN Secretary General’s Agenda for Peace – all give highest priority to war prevention.
While welcome, these incremental measures do not fully recognize either the extent of the danger of the continued application of violence to achieve political ends or the extent of the opportunity which the end of the Cold War has brought for radically altering the way in which humanity settles domestic and international disputes.
There was a time when war could be justified as a necessary expedient.
Now the potential human and economic costs of even limited terrorist war – especially if it involves the use of nuclear or biological weapons, but even otherwise – are so great that the risks are no longer tolerable.
Because the potential risks far outweigh the possible advantages of continued reliance on this means of achieving national and international security, war has become obsolete as an instrument of policy.
At the same time, there is no longer an insurmountable political conflict within the UN system to prevent all member countries from agreeing to a total ban on the use of violence against each other.
It is time for the UN to declare war itself a crime against humanity and to ban from membership any nation that engages in aggression against another.
Even if this intention cannot immediately be made effective, the adoption of this Peace Imperative would mark a milestone in human affairs.
There is no rational or practical obstacle to the immediate adoption of this measure.
As a starting point, it can be demonstrated that with the right perspective, courage and commitment, practical immediate solutions are possible for any and all of the conflicts presently raging.
Recent failures of international diplomacy do not contradict this assertion, they confirm it.
War must, and can, be abolished.
Nuclear Weapons
The threats to future peace come in many forms and at many levels, but unquestionably the most pernicious and potentially devastating is the peril from nuclear weapons.
The end of the nuclear arms race between the superpowers may have removed the looming fear of all-out nuclear war and annihilation that surfaced in the artistic drawings of young American school children in the mid-1980s, but the horrible genie of Hiroshima and Nagasaki will continue to haunt us until every nuclear weapon has been destroyed.
The very existence of the nuclear stock piles carries its own inherent dynamism for their utilization, which is likely to be expressed intentionally or accidentally sooner or later.
There have been repeated efforts by the non-aligned nations to move a resolution in the UN General Assembly that the use of nuclear weapons should be declared a crime against humanity and outlawed.
One hundred and twenty-six nations have voted for the resolution.
It is ironic that the opposition to this resolution and justification for the continued possession and possible use of nuclear weapons come solely from the most militarily, politically and economically powerful group of nations, which are militarily without adversary and at the same time in the best position to afford and institute alternative means for their national security.
Here lies the real key: the insistence of the few most powerful nations on perceiving security in their own terms, and their insatiable urge to achieve ever more of it for themselves at the expense of greater insecurity for others and the world as a whole, even though their goal can never be achieved on this unilateral basis.
During the Cold War, nuclear weapons were legitimized by the five permanent members of the Security Council which are the nuclear weapon states.
Now that it is over, the governments of these nations seek to justify continued possession and the option to use these weapons, even while exerting every possible pressure to stop proliferation to other countries.
The very logic which the nuclear weapon states rely on to support this policy, however, makes the acquisition of these weapons extremely attractive to non-nuclear powers.
So long as their possession and possible use is tolerated and justified, the relatively low cost of production and high threat potential of these weapons offer strong incentives for other states to acquire them.
It is unrealistic to expect that any system of international controls or inspections can prevent their eventual acquisition by states that decide to develop them and have the advanced scientific capabilities to do so.
From the inception of nuclear weapons, two things have been clear.
There can be no victors in a nuclear war and there is no credible defence against these weapons.
Confidential studies by NATO in the 1960s concluded that the costs of a nuclear exchange to either party would be so great that the weapons were essentially unusable.
No satisfactory answer has ever emerged for the question: where and under what circumstances can these weapons be deployed beneficially?
The continued expansion of nuclear stockpiles over three decades may have added to the self-importance of the military and political leaderships, and perhaps of the general public, in states that possessed them, but there is little evidence that it ever added to national security.
The unusability of these weapons helps to explain why predictions of rapid spread of these weapons to other states proved to be so wildly exaggerated.
The irrelevance or unusability of nuclear weapons is evident in all the wars involving major powers during the past four decades.
A greater understanding of the environmental impact of these weapons has further strengthened the perception of unusability.
It is time that psychological posturing gave way to a mature recognition that these weapons have no place in the civilized world and must be banished from it.
The continued build-up of nuclear arsenals was an attempt by the superpowers to maintain parity or superiority over each other as a deterrent against being attacked.
Although the nuclear powers may argue that their arsenals have protected them from any such danger, there is little rationality in a strategy that compelled adversaries continuously to take steps to offset each other’s measures, without either party actually achieving greater real security.
In addition, this strategy was pursued at the cost of increasing insecurity to other nations.
The acquisition of nuclear weapons generates a ripple effect and acts as a powerful force for proliferation.
The arms build-up has been reversed, but at least 40,000 nuclear weapons are still in stockpiles with a combined explosive force at least 1,000 times greater than all the firepower used in all the wars since the introduction of gunpowder six hundred years ago.
START-I and START-II will bring down the number of warheads of the United States and the former Soviet Union by 90 per cent from a combined 55,500 total to 6,500 over a ten-year period.
But this reduction could, in fact, be achieved within months rather than years by deactivating delivery systems and separating their warheads, which could then be stored under multilateral control.
Nor do these agreements, long overdue and greatly welcome, remove the fundamental dangers and questionable legitimacy of these weapons.
Even without a decision to abandon completely their use under any circumstances, a further drastic reduction to somewhere between 20 and 200 warheads is more than sufficient to meet any security need.
Immediate steps can, and should, be taken to negotiate reductions to this minimum level.
The relaxation of tensions has drawn public attention away from this issue and reduced the momentum for progress at the very time when there is the greatest opportunity finally to eliminate this threat completely.
The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which ensures the military superiority of the nuclear powers over other signatories, is an instance of rule by strength forcibly imposed by the major powers on the rest of the world community in the name of peace.
It is neither equitable nor justifiable.
Already, 156 countries have signed the treaty, owing either to coercion or indifference, and the number is expected to increase to 170 out of 179 states by 1995.
The acceptance of non-proliferation by these countries further delegitimizes the continued possession of nuclear weapons by any country.
All of the treaty non-signatories can be persuaded to sign in exchange for annihilation of these weapons by those that now possess them.
Under these circumstances, refusal to sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty could be considered sufficient grounds for expulsion from UN membership.
Without a universal ban, the efforts of the nuclear powers to stop proliferation lack moral authority.
Arguments are often advanced that nuclear weapons cannot be ‘dis-invented’, and that the danger of a rogue state or terrorist group acquiring and threatening use of these weapons necessitates that the present nuclear powers retain them for such a contingency.
With the massive conventional firepower already available, nuclear weapons are not needed for defence, even against a rogue state with nuclear capability, and they do not represent a credible defence against terrorism under any circumstances.
How could nuclear weapons conceivably be used to retaliate against terrorism?
Alternative solutions can be found to address these threats far more effectively.
Similar arguments were made in the past against complete eradication of chemical weapons.
The new treaty for the abolition of chemical weapons provides a useful model.
Chemical weapons technology is far easier to acquire and violations of the treaty are far more difficult to verify.
The fact that a comprehensive universal treaty to abolish one category of weapons of mass destruction is now a reality proves that political will rather than technical factors is the crucial element.
The Chemical Weapons Treaty also shows that negotiation of such a treaty need not take decades.
The demise of the Cold War offers a unique opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons while the political atmosphere is favourable.
If the world now intends to uphold democracy and human rights as inalienable values, then the human right to live without the threat of a nuclear holocaust must be proclaimed and made inviolable.
A durable non-proliferation regime can only be constructed on the basis of the universal abolition of nuclear weapons.
Manufacture and possession of nuclear weapons must be banned.
Use of such weapons must be outlawed as a crime against humanity.
First use of such weapons by any power should automatically invoke the strongest collective security measures under the UN Security Council.
The decision on whether to permit the continued existence of nuclear weapons is of too great importance to the future of humanity to be left to the discretion of one or a few member nations of the international community.
Under the present structure of the UN, the only body with authority to act is the Security Council, but the veto power of the five permanent members deprives other nations of an effective voice.
The proposal to ban completely the possession and use of nuclear weapons should be put before the Council.
The right of veto should be rescinded with respect to this most crucial issue.
A time-bound plan should be drawn up by the UN for complete and total nuclear disarmament by all nations.
Ban on ballistic missiles
Nuclear devices are the most lethal class of weapons, but much of their threat arises from the development of ballistic missile technology which can deliver them to distant targets unmanned and without risk to the aggressor.
Even if nuclear weapons are eliminated, these vehicles can be utilized to carry large conventional payloads that strike terror in a distant population.
The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional warheads.
This proposal, first put forth by US President Reagan in 1986, would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some, while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.
It would also eliminate the need for missile defence systems, which no nation can afford and which are the only possible defence against ballistic missile weapons.
The ban on use should be followed by urgent measures to dismantle and scrap this entire class of weapons worldwide.
Technically, a prohibition on testing and deployment of ballistic missiles would be far more verifiable than any limits on nuclear proliferation.
Monitoring stations at missile production facilities and existing surveillance systems can restrain manufacture and detect test flights.
Evading a ban on testing would be practically impossible.
Small Arms, Drugs, Crime and Terrorism
Four decades of preoccupation with nuclear weapons have blinded policy makers to an extremely dangerous and destabilizing threat to nations and their citizenry from the other end of the weapons spectrum – the proliferation of small arms.
The shift in the nature of conflicts from massive wars between states by regular armed forces over a wide region or encompassing the globe to small, inter-state or intra-state warfare by irregular forces, insurgents, criminal or terrorist groups infiltrating and often indistinguishable from the general population has led to a frighteningly swift and widespread proliferation of small arms.
This category includes weapons up to 50 mm calibre, high-powered automatic personal weapons such as the AK-47 Kalashnikov, sophisticated explosives, and shoulder-fired rockets, grenades and surface-to-surface missiles.
The transfer of small arms takes place through diverse channels – formal and clandestine trade, legal and black or grey markets, and local manufacture.
These weapons provide the means to support and sustain low-intensity (but highly lethal) conflict.
The contemporary international scene is replete with examples – Peru, Central America, Northern Ireland, Bosnia, the Caucasus, Angola, South Africa, Somalia, the Middle East, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Kashmir, Sri Lanka, Myanmar and so on.
Recently, they have been used more widely to support ethnic conflicts around the world.
These weapons are often targeted against the society itself.
The high rate of violence in Washington DC and other American cities, and the internecine conflicts of the Mafia and other criminal operations, all depend on the use of these deadly weapons, of which there are more than 200 million in the United States alone.
Coping with this threat is made more difficult because, more often than not, such weapons in the hands of non-state actors, especially militants and terrorists, are superior to those available to security forces and law enforcement agencies of the state, and because detection and control of their distribution pose serious problems.
No serious efforts are being made to stop this cancerous proliferation.
In fact, many states have actively fostered proliferation as an instrument of their own policies.
One of the most serious consequences of this trend is the linkage between small arms proliferation and the drugs trade.
The use of and trade in narcotics represents a menace not only to the health and well-being of individuals and societies, but also to international security.
The scale of the problem can be judged by the reported fact that Americans, who represent five per cent of the world’s population, consume fifty per cent of the world’s cocaine.
In Pakistan, where there were virtually no drug addicts a decade ago, it has been reported that as many as 3 per cent of the population are addicted and thrice that number use drugs frequently.
The CIS has now been added to the traditional drugs routes emanating from the Peru–Colombia–Panama, Pakistan–Afghanistan, and Myanmar–Thailand–Laos regions.
The drugs menace is transnational in character with far-reaching implications for societal and international peace and security.
The countries and regions which produce these drugs, and through which the trade flows, have been afflicted by endemic violence and social turbulence.
A similar impact occurs at the point of concentrated consumption, especially in the inner cities of America, where crime and murder rates have soared due to drug-related violence.
Inevitably, drug trafficking is linked with illicit arms, terrorist groups and the Mafia.
Criminal elements are increasingly gaining control over the administrative and political structures of drug-producing states, where drug-related corruption permeates the military and government.
Neither the proliferation of small arms, nor the proliferation of drugs, nor the growth of terrorist and criminal activity can be solved as isolated problems, or by the independent initiatives of individual states.
No country is exempt from the danger, which will continue to multiply unless checked and eradicated by concerted international action.
Urgent steps are needed to classify and register small arms production and trade, to monitor and control their manufacture and limit their export.
Agreements are needed to reduce production and severely restrict sales.
Strong sanctions must be instituted to discourage states from actively or passively aiding or abetting small arms proliferation.
The scope of the UN Conventional Arms Register should be expanded to cover small arms, but at the same time its provisions must be greatly strengthened in order to make this an effective mechanism.
Reporting must be made mandatory rather than voluntary, and an independent surveillance system should be established to monitor compliance.
The five permanent members of the Security Council, which together account for 80 per cent of the world’s arms sales, should also set up a system for mutual consultation on all large weapons orders.
Mahatma Gandhi once explained that his efforts to suppress the natural aggressiveness of the people during India’s freedom struggle resulted in an explosion of violence between Hindus and Muslims when the country was partitioned.
Today, in the absence of opportunities for venting aggression in global wars, pent-up energies are finding other outlets for expressing violence.
The only possible way to manage these innate aggressive forces is to meet them firmly.
The international community has already shown, in the case of airline hijacking, that it is capable of effective action on a global scale when the necessary political will and commitment are forthcoming.
By concerted measures, the rapid proliferation of hijackings has been virtually eliminated.
Similar results can be achieved today drastically to curtail small arms proliferation and the drugs trade.
The anti-social forces supporting these activities must be handled with the same firmness and determination applied to hijackers, regardless of whether they are governments, military, criminal or terrorist groups, corporations or banks.
The power of these measures lies not in the enactment of laws but in their enforcement.
Enforcement should be made mandatory and automatic.
At the same time, it must be recognized that force alone can never eliminate these problems at their roots.
Aggressive energies must be given constructive channels through which to express themselves positively in economic development.
Unless and until famine and poverty are eliminated, both in developing countries and in the inner cities of the North, these energies will continue to find negative expression through violence.
Therefore, a comprehensive approach is called for.
The measures proposed here must be viewed in conjunction with recommendations made elsewhere in this report to eradicate hunger and unemployment.
Linkages to commodity trade
Isolated and independently pursued policies, which appeared highly beneficial at the time enacted, often result in unexpected and unwanted consequences that negate the benefits of the original measures.
The refusal of high-income nations to meet the demands of developing countries for protection of commodity prices is an example.
During the 1980s, the debt crisis forced many developing countries to increase exports of basic commodities – often at great cost to the environment – in an effort to make loan repayments.
This resulted in a self-defeating downward commodity price spiral.
The increased exports of these commodities pushed world prices lower, thereby forcing debtor nations to export ever larger quantities to earn the same amount of foreign exchange to repay debts.
Defaults on these loans have resulted in huge losses by the world’s major banks and write-offs of billions of dollars by donor governments.
One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.
At the height of the drug wars, the then President of Colombia, Virgilio Barco, argued that farmers in his country would readily give up cocaine production if the international price of coffee could be stabilized at its former price level.
His call unheeded, the United States has been forced to spend billions of dollars fighting drugs crimes and expanding prisons due to the rapid increase of drugs consumption in America.
By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.
If an international commission in the 1970s had tried to point out this linkage between low agricultural incomes in Colombia and drug-related crime in New York, London or Moscow, it would have been readily dismissed.
But this is the type of understanding and perspective needed by governments and international agencies today to formulate effective policy measures in an interdependent world.
Cooperative Security
Eliminating nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles and small arms proliferation are practical measures whose time has come.
But by themselves these steps will only mitigate the most pernicious threats to international security.
They will not provide an effective system for ensuring the peace and security of all nations that is so vitally needed, and now so imminently possible, as a basis for accelerating the political, economic and social development of humankind.
The end of the Cold War provides us with the opportunity, and pressing global issues provide the urgency, for more significant measures.
These measures cannot be conceived within the perspective of international security that has dominated our thinking in the post-war period, or from a half-hearted desire to modestly improve what to some still appears an adequate and acceptable system.
This is an occasion that demands visionary and courageous leadership to usher in a better world.
The children of the next millennium will judge us by our response.
Historically, all landmark changes in the international political and security system have been the result of armed conflicts, wars and revolutions.
In each case the victors who emerged from the ashes of war sought to build on a static formula for enforcing peace in a dynamic world.
In each case, the arrangements for conflict termination contained a dynamism that would produce the tensions, disputes and conflicts of the future.
These in-built limitations and imbalances resist adjustment until a new round of fighting sweeps away the old frame work and replaces it with another, fashioned in much the same way.
This has been true of the arrangements for international security which have governed international affairs during the present century and which provided the underlying dynamism for the First World War and, when the failed attempt at forming a League of Nations left the world unprepared to deal with fascism, for the Second World War as well.
The skewed division of powers allotted under the UN Charter contained the seeds for the bipolar, intensely adversarial relationship between the two military blocs that resulted in the Cold War and the arms race between the superpowers.
All these arrangements have been based on the concept of competitive security.
The competitive security paradigm is a state-centred, egocentric approach in which the security of each nation is perceived in terms of its military superiority over potential adversaries.
The push of each nation for unlimited security through military power is inherently destabilizing, since it inevitably increases the level of insecurity of other sovereign states.
In practice, the effort of nations to arm themselves against perceived external threats generates a sense of insecurity among other nations and compels them in turn to increase military preparedness, thus initiating a vicious spiral, as it did during the Cold War.
When NATO and the Warsaw Pact had armed themselves to the point where direct confrontation became too risky, mutual suspicion and insecurity led them to fight each other through proxy wars in the developing world.
Every move by either side was perceived as a potential security threat, prompting a counter by the other.
Compounded by the inherent instability of nuclear weapons, this doctrine led to the anomaly of increasing military power and steadily decreasing national and international security.
This highly militarized approach contains an in-built mechanism for escalation that was responsible for the growth of global military expenditure to an all-time peak of $1.2 trillion in 1988.
Even when effective in controlling direct aggression between major powers, it encouraged proxy wars and it completely ignored the security needs of countries not aligned with one bloc or another.
This is one of the reasons why all the wars in the last forty years have taken place in developing countries.
Taken to its extreme in the nuclear competition of the superpowers, it ‘logically’ led to the astonishing doctrine of mutually assured destruction (MAD) as the cornerstone of national security policy.
While there have been efforts by the West to claim ‘victory’ in the Cold War and arrogate to itself the right to determine the post-war dispensation, in reality neither side won or lost, but a failed international security system was intelligently abandoned because it was extravagantly wasteful of resources, dangerously unstable and actively promoted violence in other regions.
Failure to anticipate the future and to structure policies and instrumen talities to meet future needs has been the dominant characteristic of all previous attempts at forging an international security framework.
Now, once again, there is a manifest tendency to forge a framework based on the supremacy of might, rather than right, and determined by the present balance of powers.
This framework is likely to be even more tenuous and short-lived than previous compromises, because it ignores revolutionary forces that are reshaping the world for the twenty-first century.
We now have the opportunity and responsibility to evolve a more flexible and far-sighted framework.
This requires a fundamental shift in perspective, a new vision of global security.
Clearly, the competitive security paradigm cannot provide a stable basis for global peace and security.
A significant reduction in global military expenditure is a welcome development.
Reducing the quantity and des tructive power of weapons arsenals will certainly reduce the actual and perceived risks of conflict.
But, at the same time, a tendency is emerging to perpetuate the ‘we–they’ syndrome of competitive security by shifting the axis from East–West to North–South.
This has resulted in increasing pressure on developing countries by multilateral and bilateral aid agencies seeking to bring down military expenditure among aid-dependent countries even further.
In doing so, it ignores the right and responsibility of these nations to provide for their own legitimate security needs at a time when no alternative mechanism exists at the international level to ensure the inviolability of their borders.
There is truth in the claim that military spending by developing countries has increased dramatically during the past 30 years.
This increase is partially explained by the fact that more than 100 new sovereign nations have emerged, many of which were protected, prior to independence, by the colonial powers that have now withdrawn.
The acquisition of even modest defensive capabilities may consume a significant portion of national income when the economic base is small, as it is for many of these nations.
In addition, the increasing incidence of war, terrorism and drug-related violence in the developing world has heightened the sense of insecurity among these countries.
However, a closer analysis reveals that half of the military expenditure of the developing world is incurred by a small number of oil-exporting countries in the Middle East and North Africa, and another quarter is incurred by other high-income developing nations, mostly in East and South East Asia – whereas the 84 developing nations with lower and lower-middle incomes, including such large nations as China, India, Indonesia, Pakistan and Bangladesh, comprising 72 per cent of the world’s population, incur roughly 6 per cent of global military expenditure, on average less than 3 per cent of the total GDP of these countries.
International pressure for defining acceptable levels of military expenditure and reducing defence budgets is entirely warranted, provided that it is applied equitably to all countries, takes into account the varying conditions between regions and nations, and places corresponding limitations on arms exports by industrialized nations.
Placed under the control of an impartial international agency specialized in security issues, rather than being left to development banks or made an instrument of bilateral policy by donor nations, these measures could effect a further 50 to 75 per cent cut in global defence spending and thereby generate $400 billion to $600 billion per year for non-military purposes, equal to roughly ten times current levels of overseas development assistance.
The international community should commit itself to a minimum goal of reducing global military expenditure to $400 billion (in 1992 constant dollars) by 2000 AD.
Military expenditure mitigates but does not resolve the underlying problem of security.
Today, the most pressing security threats are social, not military.
The appropriate response to them is greater investment in sustainable human development, not more arms.
However, preservation of physical security against external aggression is a primal instinct of nation states that cannot be rationalized away.
Nations will continue to arm themselves as long as that is the only effective means to ensure their security.
What is needed is a quantum shift from the competitive security paradigm to a cooperative security system in which countries mutually and collectively agree to refrain from acts of aggression and to protect each other from such acts by any nation.
This principle served to protect the NATO and Warsaw Pact countries in the past, but on an exclusive basis which promoted a polarization of alliances into military blocs and, most importantly, left more than one hundred countries outside the security orbit and vulnerable to proxy wars.
It should now be restructured on a global basis as a collective security system that offers protection to all nations from external aggression.
A whole range of new security challenges is rising to confront the global society.
The increasing number, complexity and unpredictability of security threats cannot be managed effectively and in time without international cooperation based on a fundamental change of attitude.
We are now at an historic crossroads: one path leads us back to a static, unstable and exclusive competitive security paradigm; the other leads to a far more stable and dynamic cooperative security paradigm inclusive of all nations and responsive to future needs and challenges.
A global cooperative security system is needed that seeks to strengthen national security without increasing the insecurity of other states.
It should be based on the fundamental principle that force will no longer be tolerated by the international community as a legitimate instrument of national policy.
World Army
The limitations of the competitive security system have given rise to numerous calls for the establishment of various types of standing international military force.
The role of UN peace-keeping forces has been expanded dramatically in recent years to maintain peace in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
At the same time, the scope of its activities has been enlarged to include limited forms of peace making as well – disarming guerrillas, conducting elections and enforcing human rights.
Article 42 of the UN Charter also empowers the Security Council to take direct military action where necessary to maintain or restore peace and guarantee international security.
Article 43 pledges member states to make armed forces available to the Security Council, not only on an ad hoc basis but also as a permanent standing military force.
This provision has never been activated due to the intervention of the Cold War.
In the wake of the invasion of Kuwait, a proposal was placed before the UN General Assembly on behalf of a group of small and militarily weak nations seeking the protection of an international ‘security umbrella’ against the threat of invasion by mercenary forces, terrorists, drug traffickers and warlike neighbours.
The proposal was supported unanimously by the UN’s 166 member states.
In Agenda for Peace, the UN Secretary General has recommended broadening the peace-making, peace-keeping and peace-enforcing capabilities of the UN by establishing a standing UN military force.
With the end of bipolar confrontation within the Security Council, this proposal is practicable and should be acted upon immediately by establishing a strong permanent force drawn from 20 to 30 member states, trained and equipped for rapid deployment.
Such a force, if established, is likely to be relatively small, however, and unequal to the task of dealing with threats from a major army equipped with sophisticated weapons.
In addition, its deployment would always be subject to veto by any of the five permanent members of the Council.
For both these reasons, it cannot constitute a reliable mechanism for guaranteeing the security of UN member countries.
Although a strengthening of the UN’s peace-keeping capabilities is highly desirable, it cannot serve as an adequate foundation for a cooperative security system unless the UN’s political structure is radically modified.
Because it is essentially an addition to national forces rather than a substitute for them, funding will be a perennial difficulty and there will be strong resistance to its expansion on economic grounds.
Furthermore, as recent events have demonstrated, nations contributing their forces will have a strong propensity to resist their active deployment in situations that involve significant risks.
Even after the Security Council decided to send a peace-keeping force into Rwanda for strictly humanitarian purposes, none of the leading military powers, with the exception of France, were willing to contribute the modest amount of military equipment urgently needed to protect UN troops.
Similar efforts are in various stages of maturity for establishing standing international forces at the regional level in Western Europe, Latin America and other places as part of collective security arrangements.
The limitation of these proposals, like that of NATO and the erstwhile Warsaw Pact, is that they are fundamentally exclusive in nature and could easily become competitive with other forces as the East and West blocs have in the past.
The strong resentment voiced by Russia at the proposal that some Eastern European nations would join NATO illustrates the danger of expanding exclusive military clubs.
For NATO to overcome these legitimate concerns, it would have to be thrown open to all nations that seek to join and abide by its charter.
The great reluctance of the West to shoulder the burden of responsibility for security enforcement in Eastern Europe under a widened NATO umbrella highlights the basic inadequacy of exclusive blocs for meeting global security needs.
If the structural limitations of the UN cannot be immediately overcome, the alternative would be to build a cooperative security mechanism in parallel with the UN but structured along more democratic lines similar to NATO.
A World Army could consist of an international peace force that would unconditionally guarantee the security of its members against external aggression based on the following provisions:
Membership in the World Army would be voluntary and open to all countries, provided that they have and maintain democratic, multi-party political systems.
Since membership is not exclusive, it could be merged at any time with other like-minded organizations such as NATO, or be integrated into a UN military force when the necessary changes in UN political structure have been made.
As a condition for membership, each country would by legal enactment forego war as an instrument of policy and undertake not to commit any act of external aggression against any other member or non-member for any reason whatsoever.
Any violation would be grounds for immediate expulsion.
Members would agree to contribute an assessed sum of money, equipment and military personnel towards the maintenance of a standing military force under the command of a centralized military leadership.
In addition, the peace force could be granted the right to recruit personnel directly from member countries Members would also agree to limit their own overall military spending within norms fixed by the organization.
Members would be banned from possession of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
Existing weapons would be destroyed or turned over to the peace force.
As in NATO, members would agree by treaty to consider an attack on one member as an attack on all.
The peace force would intervene automatically and unconditionally – defensively and, if necessary, offensively – to protect the sovereignty and international borders of any member country, provided that it conformed to the rules under the charter.
The organization could also assist members in fighting drug trafficking and terrorist activities.
The benefits of this cooperative peace-keeping mechanism would be manifold:
Since the charter would bind members and the alliance to eschew the use of force and aggression for any reason, it would represent a stabilizing, non-provocative, non-offensive defence.
Its charter could also include specific provisions for close association with other international forces.
Its combined strength and technological capabilities would exceed those of any of its members and constitute a substantial deterrent to aggression against any member country.
It would significantly reduce the costs of security for members, possibly by up to 50 or 75 per cent, without compromising their legitimate security needs.
The more members, the lower the defence expenditure required by each, both because the collective force would be larger and because the number of potential adversaries would be reduced proportionately.
The organization of a World Army, run on well-defined and transparent lines with appropriate mechanisms for control and responsiveness, would help eliminate the need for countries to maintain their own large standing armies.
Ultimately this could enable other nations to follow the lead of Costa Rica, which abolished its military forces several decades ago.
National Sovereignty and International Responsibility
The recent calamities in Rwanda and Somalia following the outbreak of civil and ethnic war, and in Bosnia following the breakaway of several Yugoslav republics, demonstrate the need for substantially improving international mechanisms for war prevention, peacemaking and peace keeping, and for protection of basic human rights both between and within states.
The effort of the international community to deal with these events has brought to the fore fundamental issues regarding national sovereignty and the responsibilities of the world community.
The very definition and sanctity of the state have been blurred by the determination of ethnic groups in various nations to declare independence from their parent bodies, and the inability or unwillingness of national governments to maintain law and order and provide basic security for their citizens.
The role of other states, regional organizations and international agencies in giving explicit or implicit support to these movements has further complicated the task of formulating just and practical solutions.
These events raise questions about the rights of both nations and their citizens that have to be addressed theoretically before the role of international organizations in these affairs can be determined properly.
Does a minority group within a country have the right to proclaim itself independent on the basis of its desire for self-governance and in defiance of the claims of the majority on the property and resources they possess?
Does a national government, whether elected or in power by force, that is unable to protect its citizens against famine and civil strife have the right to insist on its sovereignty and independent action in the face of the persecution or extermination of its own people?
What is the responsibility of the international community for preventing or alleviating crises within societies?
What should be the limits placed on international involvement in the internal affairs of countries that, at least momentarily, are unable to help themselves?
The sanctity of the sovereign state, like the sanctity of private property in a capitalist society, is a fundamental principle of the nation state system on which the present world community is based.
Like the protectors of private property, the guardians of the sovereign state vigorously resist each attempt to limit its scope or qualify its power – although in both instances there are obvious and well-recognized limits and qualifications.
The sensitivity over the issue of sovereignty – especially among former colonies and victims of imperialist aggression – is quite understandable in view of the fact that the emergence of modern nation states over the last two centuries occurred during a period when imperialist wars and colonial conquests were accepted as part of the normal conduct of international relations.
It is a measure of the world’s progress in this century that this standard of conduct is no longer tolerated by the international community.
The formulation of current policy on racial memories of past exploitation or persecution is no more appropriate or conducive to human progress, however, than the false conception of policies based on an exaggerated sense of pride or egocentric self-importance derived from the glory of forceful conquest in the past.
In both instances, attitudes of the past must give way to fresh attitudes oriented to the future.
Some member states are understandably wary of raising these issues, out of concern that their re-examination could become an excuse for outright political interference in the internal affairs of sovereign nations, a concern which is reinforced by the non-representative character and lack of impartiality of the Security Council.
Other nations are reluctant to assume the greater responsibilities that a clearly enunciated doctrine might impose on them.
All would agree, however, that neither an infinite fragmentation of nation states along ethnic, cultural, religious or linguistic lines, nor a blind indifference to persecution or unconscionable neglect of its own citizens by a state government, can be justified by either reason or lofty legal principles, or be permitted by the human heart and conscience to go unchecked.
The UN is precluded under article 2(7) of the Charter from intervening in ‘matters which are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any state’.
It must be possible to define objective criteria for identifying instances in which action in apparent disregard of this provision is fully justified.
The deaths of hundreds of thousands of people in Rwanda and Somalia due to famine, ethnic strife and civil war surely qualify, even if errors in the method of intervention, and lack of public support among nations asked to contribute troops, complicate these precedent-setting initiatives.
The sovereignty of a nation derives ultimately from the fact that it represents the will of its own people and the right of those people to freedom of action over their own lives and territory.
National sovereignty is limited on two sides: on the one, by the inalienable human rights of a country’s citizens and, on the other, by the rights of other member nations of the world community and the citizens they represent.
In past centuries the sovereignty of nations may have been based on the principle that might is right.
In our more enlightened age, however, the only acceptable basis for a nation’s sovereignty is that it expresses the will of its own people, and this condition can only be met under a freely chosen form of government that enables people to express their own free will and determine their own destiny.
Therefore, the decision of the UN to insist on the operation of democratic processes in member countries is an essential step toward resolving the dilemma of sovereignty.
When the representative nature of a national government is in question, its claim to sovereignty over its own people under all circumstances is also questionable.
Hitherto, it has not been possible to address this issue forth rightly, because the evolution of the international community had not yet come to accept in practice, as opposed to merely in principle, the fundamental human rights so frequently espoused in constitutions and ignored in actions.
This situation has changed, especially after humanity’s bitter experiments with totalitarian regimes during this century.
It is now recognized that the democratic principles of political freedom, social equality, self-determination and related human rights are inalienable and must be extended to all people everywhere.
The second factor that naturally imposes limits on national sovereignty – the rights of other nations and their citizens – has also gained substantially wider acceptance, has been enshrined by international law, and has become accepted doctrine governing many facets of international relations.
Common security against transnational threats and common prosperity for all humankind cannot be based on a 250-year-old concept of nation sovereignty.
Over the last half century, national sovereignty has been maturing into international sovereignty.
As the evolution of the international community proceeds towards the establishment of an effective system of world governance in one form or another, the collective rights of the international community of nations must inevitably come to be regarded as another inalienable truth, alongside individual human rights and the rights of each nation.
The right of the nation state to self-determination has to accommodate the rights of other nations and the common shared rights of every human being.
This approach establishes criteria for determining when claims of national sovereignty must be ignored.
Every right is accompanied by a responsibility.
A government that fosters external aggression or cannot contain domestic violence and civil strife, that cannot create conditions in which its people can feed themselves or even receive outside assistance, fails the test of sovereignty.
Under these circumstances, the international community, through the UN, should have the right and accept the responsi bility to intervene appropriately.
The need of the hour is not to undermine the legitimate right of nations to self-determination, but rather to protect that right by more clearly demarcating its legitimate boundaries against the highly visible challenges being posed by forces of disintegration and fragmentation from within.
The current tendency for states to fragment along ethnic lines cannot be handled by any abstract principle of international law.
It depends on the understanding and will of people.
The evolution of larger, heterogeneous national units functioning under principles of equality is an outstanding product of civilization that should not and cannot be reversed without great damage to the general welfare of humanity.
The only solution is to work constantly to educate the public in all countries to understand the benefits of national integration and international cooperation.
The implications of this view will be endorsed by some and opposed by others.
Acceptance must be fostered through education and discussion rather than unilateral forced initiative.
Preventive Diplomacy, Peace Making and Peace Building
The answers to the questions regarding national sovereignty and international responsibility will determine the scope of UN preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and peace building in years to come.
They must be addressed with a view to evolving valid principles of international law, rather than remaining subject to frequent reversals of public policy by member states based on the short-term impact of the media on current public opinion.
Granted that a consensus is reached regarding these larger issues of principle, there still will remain immense problems relating to implementation, as illustrated by the recent failure of international intervention in Somalia.
Whatever may be the limits placed on the UN’s mandate for action, it is clear that it cannot carry out that mandate effectively under the current constraints imposed on it by member states through indecisiveness, narrowly defined interests and lack of political commitment.
Once again the inherent weaknesses in the structure of the UN organization impact negatively on its capacity to perform the tasks rightfully allotted to it.
The absence of a unified chain of command for national forces placed under UN command – culminating in the outright refusal of field forces to follow the commands of UN field staff, inadequate training and equipping of both military staff and fighting units, poor coordination between field units from different countries and between member states and UN headquarters – and a failure to vest sufficient authority in the UN Secretary General are among the most blatant weaknesses of the present system.
Substantive measures are needed to strengthen the UN’s capabilities to handle crises.
First and foremost, the position of the Secretary General, who now has the diplomatic status equal to that of a prime minister of a member state, should be upgraded to that of a head of state, with full authority over the forces placed under his command by member states to carry out the decisions of the Security Council.
Problems of control over the armed forces of member states argue for the constitution of a standing international military force, as described in the previous section of this report.
Lesser measures can be implemented immediately, such as provision of appropriate training to UN Secretariat personnel responsible for conflict prevention, expanding the staff of the Department of Political Affairs, and establishment by the UN of its own independent international surveillance capability, including a satellite system to monitor its work worldwide.
Meanwhile, advanced computer, satellite and communications technology should be made available to the Secretariat by member states.
A comprehensive system is needed to monitor military movements.
Through its resident representatives, the UN should openly monitor political, ethnic, nationalist and religious developments that increasingly lie at the heart of conflicts in order to understand the complexities of local events and to anticipate potential turbulence.
The right to sovereignty should not include the freedom to privacy in cases which involve support for terrorist groups, instigating border conflicts, arms build-ups, torture and genocide.
In addition to the role of the UN in consensus fact-finding, it must also acquire the jurisdiction to order fact-finding missions relating to both domestic and regional conflicts in which this type of violation is suspected.
Cessation of violence and conflict settlement often leave unresolved the root causes of conflict, resulting in potential for renewed fighting or social turbulence.
Peace-building activities should address underlying economic and social factors that prevent the establishment of a stable and secure peace.
In instances such as Cambodia, Rwanda and Somalia, the vacuum created by the complete collapse of political and economic institutions necessitates a broader role for the UN in re-establishing the peace.
Peace building has thus far been defined as post-conflict actions to support reconstruction and to strengthen and solidify peace.
The concept needs to be broadened to include pre-conflict actions and expanded to encompass a wider array of potentially destabilizing factors that lead to conflicts.
The Commission supports the establishment of an International Centre jointly operated by the UN Security Council and UNESCO to implement peace-building programmes.
Peace-building activities should be expanded to address security threats issuing from environmental degradation, poverty, migration of population and refugees.
Many cases of ethnic conflict have an under lying basis of economic deprivation that must be addressed before tensions will permanently subside.
Others can be mitigated by the introduction of positive economic incentives for cooperation.
Economic cooperation is already dissipating ethnic tensions and conflict in the Middle East.
It can be creatively fostered in the Balkans and elsewhere.
In other cases, the modification of the electoral and constitutional systems in a culturally appropriate manner can reduce or eliminate tensions in ethnically divided countries.
International assistance is also needed for coping with tensions arising from the sharing of natural resources – particularly water resources – and chemical or radioactive pollution of air, soil and waterways.
Resolution of these issues requires the mediation of international experts for impartial assessment and formulation of equitable recommendations.
Regional security organizations can play a leading role in this capacity.
An effective international judicial system is vitally important to the expanded role contemplated for the UN in dealing with arms and drugs trafficking, terrorism and crimes against humanity.
This requires, as a minimum step, either that the International Court of Justice be granted mandatory jurisdiction over such cases by member states, or that an International Criminal Court be established with jurisdiction over these offences and other crimes under international law, thus strengthening both the preventive and enforcement capabilities of the international community against non-traditional threats to security.
Alternative Use of Military Resources
National and international security can no longer be conceived in narrow military terms.
Ethnic conflict, drugs, environmental degradation and pollution, famine leading to civil unrest or massive migrations of refugees, high levels of unemployment, urban crime and violence constitute threats to both social stability and the preservation of a productive material base.
Curbing drug traffic, preventing nuclear and chemical contamination, stopping soil degradation and deforestation, augmenting food production capabilities in deficit areas – all directly and substantially contribute to the security of society.
The attention given to the anticipated monetary savings from reduced military spending has directed attention away from the potential benefits of utilizing other resources controlled by the military for addressing these threats to security, particularly for the alleviation of poverty, protection and restoration of the environment, and management of natural disasters.
The military possesses a vast array of resources – human, educational, scientific and technological, medical, organizational and logistical; in training, in engineering and production, in communication and transportation, in construction, land and housing – that can be employed to meet non-military security challenges.
Many of these resources can be utilized for these purposes without necessarily removing them from military control.
Especially in many developing countries, the organizational and managerial capabilities of the military far exceed those of other agencies and represent a precious resource for addressing these other security threats.
Participation of the military in these activities necessitates a wider conception of both security and the role of the military in meeting security needs.
Coping with the serious challenges from environmental and developmental security threats requires the mobilization of a wide range of scientific, technological and physical resources presently utilized for military purposes.
There are significant precedents for the utilization of the military to support the environment and development – for construction of roads in Ethiopia and Yemen, bridges in Guatemala, as well as harbours, canals, railways and airfields; for afforestation projects and monitoring wildlife in India; for training of mechanics, electricians, and other productive skills; for urban renewal projects and drug enforcement in the United States, harvesting of crops in the USSR, flood rescue operations in Bangladesh, nuclear clean-up at Chernobyl, damage limitation after the vast oil spills and oil fires in Kuwait, humanitarian relief for Kurdish refugees, distribution of food and medicine in Bosnia and a host of other activities.
In many developing countries the military can assist with efforts to improve social services in rural areas on a war footing – to spread literacy, primary education, basic vocational skills, health care and access to safe drinking water.
The military have at their disposal scientific and technological resources which in many cases can be applied to environmental protection with the minimum of adaptation, such as information and monitoring systems that track changes in the atmosphere, in the oceans and on earth’s surface.
These resources can be applied to environmental monitoring and impact assessment, protection of endangered species, quick response to disasters and accidents, energy conservation, and the minimization and management of waste.
The appropriate role for the military in these various activities will depend on the country, the urgency of the circumstances, and the cost-effectiveness of military involvement compared with available alternatives.
In some instances, it may be feasible to establish international ‘Earth corps units’, specially trained and equipped to carry out certain types of environmental protection and restoration, such as India’s eco-battalions, which seek to conserve the Himalayan habitat by restoring tree cover and constructing small dams and canals.
International development force
The goals of peace, prosperity and fulfilment for every human being represent formidable challenges – intellectual, attitudinal, organizational and technological.
We cannot hope to reach such lofty achievements if we waste and squander the precious and abundant resources – mental, psychological, social and material – placed at our disposal.
A massive reduction in emphasis on weapons production and military establishments, made possible by recent political events and demanded by the pressing unmet needs of people everywhere, represents both a great opportunity and a considerable challenge.
The opportunity is not only further to reduce the threat of war by reducing the capacity for waging war, but also to redirect and utilize for other purposes the resources now dedicated to war making and prevention.
The challenge is to do so at a time when rising unemployment and economic stagnation in many countries make further cuts in the size of the military unpopular domestically.
Since 1990, the total number of military personnel worldwide has declined by two million or about six per cent.
By 1998, a further decrease of at least two million is anticipated.
A large proportion of these demobilized people have already joined, or will soon join, the forces of the unemployed.
Some may be tempted to market their military skills elsewhere.
Just as the present efforts of the UN to make and keep the peace are severely constrained by the lack of a standing professional military force under its own direction, so also the prodigious efforts of the UN’s development agencies to accelerate development among member countries is hampered by a lack of well-trained, disciplined and highly organized personnel for implementation, especially in those countries with the greatest need of assistance.
The Commission recommends that, as a complement to the establishment of an International Force for Peace, an International Force for Development be constituted, comprised of former military personnel who, after appropriate training, will work to accelerate economic development to provide food, health, literacy and jobs for all.
A UN Peace Force and UN Development Force, functioning under a democratically restructured UN, can make a lasting contribution to achieving the major goals of the UN system.
Conclusion
Seven years ago the threat of nuclear war between the superpowers loomed large in the minds of people everywhere.
The euphoria generated by the end of the Cold War led to high expectations of peace and a ‘peace dividend’ the world over.
Yet excitement soon turned to disappointment as the full anticipated results of these magnificent accomplishments did not immediately materialize.
Then, as attention turned to more mundane problems closer to home, the sense of relief and celebration was replaced by growing concern over the increasing prominence of other threats to international security: some of these were aggravated by the new positive developments, while others had not previously seemed so serious by comparison with the threat of nuclear annihilation.
The end of political confrontation between East and West, the sudden conversion of authoritarian communist states into demo cratic market economies, and substantial cuts in global defence spending were accompanied by increasing political instability and ethnic violence in the many parts of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, by the horren dous loss of life due to civil and ethnic strife in several African countries, by growing concern over drugs and violent crime in the West, by the danger of nuclear terrorism resulting from potential theft of Soviet weapons, and by pressure on defence producers to compensate for reduced domestic defence budgets by increasing arms exports.
This surprising turn of events has led some to re-examine the incredible achievements of the period and conclude that they were either vastly overstated or, perhaps, even illusory.
Others have come to take these achievements for granted.
Still others have simply forgotten how much things have really changed.
But the most important realization to be derived from these events is of the inherent defect in attempts to address the factors underlying international security in a piece meal manner.
Over the past five years the Commission encountered reminders of this truth in virtually every field that it took up for examination.
It is this experience that has convinced us of the need for wider perspectives and total solutions.
The marvellous achievements of the past few years are neither fortuitous nor illusory.
The Berlin Wall has been brought down and demolished.
The Iron Curtain has been lifted and obliterated.
But we still proceed with our heads turned back, looking for shadows behind us at a time when the future demands our full attention in order to capitalize fully on what these events have prepared and made possible.
In this report, the Commission is calling for a comprehensive, multi-pronged approach to the problem of international security that defies and will continue to defy partial solutions.
That approach recognizes the critical importance of the linkages between the establishment of democratic political systems at the national and the international level, the abolition of war as an instrument of policy, the elimination of highly destabilizing weapons of mass destruction, substantial additional cuts in defence spending by all parties, and the constitution of a cooperative international security system that is not state-centred and is supported by a standing international peace force.
Taken separately, each of these elements can sub stantially contribute to improving the international political and security environment.
Taken together as a cohesive whole, they can transform global political affairs and create a highly conducive atmosphere for the eradication of the pressing economic problems confronting us.
Recommendations on the UN, Peace Keeping, and Arms Control
1.Establishment and maintenance of a multi-party democratic government should be made the minimum condition for membership and participation in the UN.
A graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states should be drawn up by the UN in cooperation with concerned governments.
The UN should provide assistance to nations in making the transition.
2.A major UN Conference should be convened to examine UN institutional reform, including the composition and powers of both the Security Council and the General Assembly.
The objective should be to restructure the UN according to the same democratic principles advocated by its members for national governments.
3.As an interim step in this necessary restructuring, the Commission recommends expanding the membership of the Security Council from 15 to 20 members by adding five new permanent members.
The veto power of the five permanent members of the Security Council should be abolished and the diplomatic status of the UN Secretary General should be elevated to that of a head of state.
4.A detailed plan should be drawn up by the UN for a further 50 per cent reduction, to a maximum of $400 billion, in global defence spending before the end of the decade.
Spending quotas for member states should be established according to the principle of non-offensive defence.
5.The peace-making, peace-keeping and peace-enforcing capabilities of the UN should be strengthened substantially.
A permanent, well equipped UN force made up from 20–30 member states should be placed at the disposal of the Secretary General for rapid deployment in conflict zones under Article 43 of the UN Charter to enforce the decisions of the Security Council.
Either the Military Staff Committee of the UN could be revitalized to give strategic direction to any enforcement action, or a new structure should be created of member states supplying troops to any UN operation, chaired by the Secretary General.
Member States should earmark national troops for use in UN Chapter VII enforcement action, the scope of which should be expanded to include humanitarian intervention under circumstances when national governments are either unable or unwilling to protect their populations from imminent threats to their survival.
6.A cooperative collective security frame work must be evolved that is inclusive of all nations and guarantees their security against acts of external aggression.
A standing international military force or World Army should be established under a democratic framework to provide unconditional security guarantees to member countries against aggression by other nations.
If such a force cannot be established at the present time under the UN, then there is need for a separate organization similar in constitution to NATO but open to all nations that practise democratic principles of national governance, contribute financial and defence resources to a common armed force, accept ceilings on national defence expenditure and eschew the possession of nuclear weapons.
The army should consist of both a directly recruited standing force and forces placed on call by member nations.
7.The use of nuclear weapons should be declared by the UN a crime against humanity.
First use by any nation must automatically invoke the strongest collective security measures by the UN Security Council.
Based on the precedent of the Chemical Weapons Treaty, the proposal for a universal ban on the possession of nuclear weapons by any nation should be placed before the Security Council for a vote.
The five permanent members should agree to the suspension of their veto power on this issue so crucial to the future of humanity.
8.The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional war heads.
This would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.
It would also eliminate the need for missile defence systems, which no nation can afford and which are the only possible defence against ballistic missile weapons.
The ban on use should be followed by urgent measures to dismantle and scrap this entire class of weapons worldwide.
9.Highest priority must be given to controlling and reversing the proliferation of small arms in line with the determined international measures employed to curb hijacking.
As an immediate first step, these weapons should be classified and a UN register created to monitor their manufacture and sale.
Agreements should be negotiated between major arms suppliers to severely restrict production and sales.
Strong sanctions must be instituted to discourage states from actively or passively abetting small arms proliferation, especially to non-state actors.
10.UN action to curb the international trade in major armaments needs to go further than the existing Arms Register.
Arms exports to areas identified by the UN as trouble spots should be banned by international law.
An independent agency should be established to verify the submissions from arms-exporting states.
Major arms exporters should agree to consult the Security Council in advance about large orders received for destabilizing weapons and, where appropriate, coordinate actions to limit the size of arms transfers.
11.Narcotic drug production and trafficking must be treated as threats to international peace and security.
The strongest possible sanctions should be instituted under the UN against countries that permit or support these activities.
UN forces must be made available to assist member countries with eradication of these activities within their borders.
Economic measures must be supported internationally to provide attractive commercial alternatives to drug growers through special trade agreements for agricultural commodities.
International criminal proceedings should be instituted against violators under a new International Criminal Code.
12.The UN should create its own international surveillance system, including its own satellites, to monitor and report on potential trouble spots and troop movements.
It should also develop its own appropriate and effective logistics units.
Criteria to allow UN fact-finding missions in respect of intra-state conflict should be negotiated and codified by the General Assembly.
At the same time, the UN should integrate fact-finding into enforcement action taken under Chapter VII of the UN Charter.
A UN Staff College should be established to develop and maintain administrative procedures for governing UN peace-keeping, peace-making and peace-enforcing operations and to train an effective corps of personnel for these purposes.
Utilization of Defence Resources for Development and the Environment
1.The concept of 'peace dividend' should be expanded to include manpower, educational and training capabilities, scientific and technological resources, production facilities, land and abandoned military bases that can be redeployed to combat rural and urban poverty as well as national and global environmental degradation.
An inventory of these resources should be compiled and efforts made to identify alternative uses through the UN's specialized agencies and by national governments.
All nations should advise the Secretary General of the human, technological and produc tive resources they are willing and able to place at the disposal of the UN.
2.Each government should draw up an inventory of its military manpower, science, technology and other facilities which could be used to sustain the natural resource base, prevent environmental degradation and cooperate with other countries in combating regional and global threats to environmental security.
The information should be shared with the UN Environmental Programme and the Sustain able Development Council.
In each case it will be necessary to show how action implemented by the military will be more cost-effective than using traditional resources.
3.A UN International Force for Development should be constituted under a democratized UN structure, consisting of demobilized military personnel and young professionals from different countries, which will be trained and equipped to promote people-centred, environmentally sound development initiatives that integrate political, social, economic and cultural factors.
4.Global security is threatened by mass population movements, potential changes in sea levels, drought and famine.
Greater international cooperation is needed in the sharing of national military manpower, under the auspices of a new UN Earth corps.
Article 43 of the UN Charter, which was originally drawn up for dealing with the threat of conventional war, can be interpreted to apply to threats to environmental security as well.
In parallel to a UN Earth corps, national Earth corps units should be constituted to operate within each state and for service internationally under the UN.
Vocational skills imparted through these agencies will be of subsequent use to the community at large.
5.A greater degree of cooperation in the sharing of environmental data is essential if global security is to be enhanced, particularly that gained from military remote-sensing devices.
This is especially relevant to the majority of nations which do not have such equipment at their disposal.
The need for secrecy, always stressed in the Cold War period, has been superseded by the need for openness.
6.An international system should be instituted by the UN to assist in the transfer of environmentally beneficial technology, as recommended by the Royal Society and the United States National Academy of Sciences, both from the developed to the less-developed nations, and from the military to the non-military sectors.
This applies in particular to the field of information technology, where there is scope for dual use of existing military capabilities.
Closer links should be established between research and development teams in the military and civilian sectors at the national level.
7.A greater degree of regional cooperation is desirable between states which share natural resources and common environmental interests.
This is of particular importance where regional peace and stability is at stake, as in the Middle East, over the question of access to water supplies.
Where national environmental resources may lead to dispute and conflict, agreements should be drawn up between potential belligerents and the good offices of the UN's specialized agencies used to anticipate and avert future conflict.
Peace and democracy can provide only the foundation for stable and productive social life, not its fulfilment.
For that, political security has to be complemented by economic security and a blossoming of individual and cultural potentials.
Yet here our optimism seems to flag.
Our thoughts of the new millennium do evoke images of greater peace and stability internationally, more individual freedom and democratic rights, growing international co-operation, exciting new technologies, increasing cultural interaction.
But they also evoke images of more people and less work – meaning fewer jobs!
No sooner has the threat of nuclear annihilation receded, than the spectre of chronic unemployment and unrelenting poverty has risen to replace it, giving renewed justification to humanity’s deepest anxieties by transferring them to a new source of apprehension.
In recent years, unemployment has emerged as a major cause of concern for governments around the world.
In industrial countries, the subject evokes pessimistic prophecies of a fast-approaching future in which tens of millions of people will never find jobs, technology eliminates the need for human labour, cheap imports replace domestic jobs, welfare systems collapse under an unbearable burden, children have less economic opportunity than their parents, a widening abyss divides the rich and poor, and both markets and governments are powerless to do anything about it.
In developing countries, it dashes hopes of ever conquering hunger, eradicating wide spread rural and urban poverty, and bridging the gap that separates these nations from the prosperous West.
The very same deterministic mentality that until recently made us feel that a nuclear war was inevitable now leads many to conclude that rising unemployment, chronic poverty and social alienation are unavoidable.
Yet the enormous gains of peace and democracy that we contemplate cannot be secured and brought to fruition if this other apprehension is allowed to become a settled reality, as war between nations has been during past millennia.
The peace and security we seek internationally depend directly on our ability to promote and maintain domestic peace and tranquillity within nations, which in turn are dependent on the ability of countries to provide food and economic security to their people.
Poverty and unemployment are closely linked to most instances of social unrest – tribal wars, civil wars, urban crime, drugs and violence.
There is clear evidence from the US and UK that crime is economically related to lack of job opportunities.
Unemployment is also a major cause of massive migrations, both to urban areas within countries and across borders, which has become a highly destabilizing factor in many regions.
Without sufficient purchasing power for food and other material essentials and non-essentials, there can be no assurances of lasting social peace and political stability.
The linkage between peace, political stability and economic development will be even stronger in the future than in the past, due to the democratic and social revolutions that are in the course of encompassing the globe.
The greater access to information and freedom of expression which characterize democratic societies and the rising expectations of people at lower economic levels combine to generate a powerful pressure on society to provide economic opportunities as well as social freedoms to every citizen.
If the greater freedom and higher expectations are unable to find means for their positive fulfilment, they can lead to rising frustration, tension and violence, which threaten the prosperity of those at higher levels and the stability of the society as a whole.
Democracies can only thrive and the revolution of rising expectations can only fulfil itself peacefully, when economic opportunities are provided to every human being.
The recent rise of the political right, ethnic unrest and opposition to immigration in Western Europe, and the surge of crime in the United States, are sufficient evidence of the corrosive impact that unemployment can have, even on mature democracies.
Increasingly, those excluded from the benefits of modern society reject its standards of justice and ignore its laws.
The end of the ideological confrontation between capitalism and communism leaves the market system exposed at its weakest point – its impersonality and insensitivity to human needs and suffering – with no longer any lesser alternative to point at in self-justification.
Having rejected the inadequacies and abuses of authoritarian socialism as a solution, we are compelled to find other methods to achieve social equity.
In the present context, employment is the most effective way to distribute the fruits of development among people.
The world is now capable of producing sufficient food and other basic necessities to feed, clothe and house everyone; but without opportunities for employment, people lack the purchasing power needed to buy them.
Economic entitlement, rather than a shortage of food or food production capacity, is the key to global food security.
Lack of employment opportunities is also directly linked to destruction of the environment, both rural and urban.
The destruction of tropical rain forests has been one result.
The greatest security challenges of the twenty-first century are economic, not military or political.
Employment is a sine qua non for meeting these challenges.
A thorough examination of facts and a dispassionate analysis reveal grounds for hope and opportunities for action.
The possibility of more rapid economic growth and rising incomes in both developed and developing countries – spurred by further substantial reduction in defence spending, the diffusion and application of new technologies, economic liberalization leading to growth of international trade, the globalization of financial markets, and the emergence of new engines for global expansion among developing countries – indicates that our apprehensions need not prove justified, provided society acts courageously and decisively to meet the challenge.
A global overview of employment cannot do full justice to the special circumstances, problems and potentials of specific regions and countries, but it can dispel the growing concern that employment has become a problem beyond the means of governments or the global economy to eradicate or even contain.
In the final analysis, creation of jobs for all is not a question of possibility.
It is a question of necessity.
Neither logic nor self-interest justify a detached attitude or a half-hearted effort to address this issue.
As in the case of the recent global response to the threat of global warming from depletion of the ozone layer, it simply is not acceptable for us to remain indifferent or claim that we are powerless to act where the entire world’s vital self-interests are at stake.
When war threatens a nation’s borders, technology threatens its environment or unemployment threatens the livelihood of its people and the fabric of its social existence, there is only one acceptable response – that is, action.
The greatest achievement of this century has not been technological, economic or political, but rather the growing concern and intolerance for the slaughter, persecution or impoverishment of other human beings.
This marks the awakening of our collective, human consciousness to the full value of human life and the consequent rejection of physical strength, political power and money as the governing values of society.
This evolution of consciousness has led to monumental changes in the accepted rules of social existence.
Slavery and colonialism were abolished because society evolved to the point where it would no longer tolerate them – not for economic reasons, but because they were a disgraceful blot on the conscience of humanity.
Similarly, the acceptance of famine, poverty and unemployment as necessary or inevitable by-products of economic life should no longer and need no longer be tolerated.
Social charity and welfare were necessary inventions to mitigate the worst effects of economic development over the past few centuries, but they are signs of a defective system that humiliate the recipients and deprive them of self-respect, rather than equipping them with the capacity and self-confidence to help themselves.
As freedom has finally been recognized as an inalienable right of every human being, we are fast approaching the time when society must recognize and ensure the right of every individual to gainful employment.
Given the right leadership and policies, ‘Jobs for All’ is an achievable goal for all industrial nations within a decade and for all of humankind early in the twenty-first century.
A change of attitude is the prime necessity for this accomplishment.
Global Survey
A survey of unemployment in different regions of the world makes evident the reason for the mounting concern over this issue.
Unemployment in the industrial countries is at its highest level since the Great Depression.
The official figure is around 6.4 per cent in the United States, but the actual number, including those who have given up seeking jobs, is probably above 10 per cent.
More than 35 million Americans, constituting 14 per cent of the population, are living on incomes below the poverty line, including 30 per cent of all blacks and Hispanics.
Western European unemployment rates are at the highest level in 30 years.
They are projected soon to reach 12 per cent or 18 million people and remain high throughout the decade, prompting the outgoing European Union President, Jacques Delors, to call employment Europe’s ‘Achilles heel’.
Youth unemployment rates (aged 16–19) in the European Community average nearly 20 per cent and nearly 50 per cent of the unemployment is long-term (more than one year).
The emerging situation poses a challenge to the European concept of the welfare state.
Employment in Eastern Europe and the republics of the former Soviet Union has been severely disrupted by the break-up of COMECON, the dissolution of the USSR and the movement of these countries from centrally planned to market economies.
From the beginning of 1990 to March 1992, registered unemployment grew from 100,000 to over 4 million and it has continued to rise steeply since then.
The unemployment rate for ten Eastern European countries now averages around 17 per cent.
Recent projections indicate that jobless ness in Russia could reach 15 million persons or 18 per cent of the work-force in the near future.
By far the most serious problem lies in the developing world, where unemployment rates average 40–50 per cent in many countries.
In Latin America, 192 million people representing 46 per cent of the population live under the poverty line, and 22 per cent of them are considered ‘extremely poor’.
Urban unemployment is around 8 per cent, but average industrial wages in the region fell by 17.5 per cent during the 1980s and the number of workers in the lower-wage informal sector doubled.
Although population growth has slowed, a 72 per cent increase in labour participation rates for women is causing the work force to continue to expand rapidly.
This region needs to double its employment growth rate to create 89 million new jobs during the 1990s in order to provide full employment opportunities for all its people.
In sub-Saharan Africa, home to 20 of the 25 poorest nations in the world, urban unemployment afflicts some 14 million people, representing 15–20 per cent of the workforce, and is projected to more than double in the next ten years.
Typically, youth comprise 65 to 75 per cent of the total unemployed.
With the region’s population still growing at 3 per cent annually, these countries need to create 100 million new jobs in the coming decade just to maintain their present levels of unemployment.
High population growth and a severe economic slowdown have generated high rates of unemployment in the Arab countries, estimated to exceed 25 per cent during the early 1990s, in spite of the very low labour participation rates among women in this region.
In the aftermath of the Gulf crisis, labour-supplying countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, the Sudan and Syria have suffered the most.
Returnees swelled Jordan’s population by 8.4 per cent and caused unemployment levels to rise above 20 per cent.
Unemployment levels among Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and on the West Bank are among the highest in the world.
A dramatic exception to this gloomy trend comes from the countries of Asia and the Pacific, which have made great strides in job generation during the 1980s and are poised to continue expanding rapidly.
The Newly Industrializing Economies (NIEs) – Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore and Taiwan-China – are all facing severe labour shortages, with Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia also moving in that direction.
But other Asian countries continue to face major challenges in creating sufficient jobs for all.
China has created a phenomenal 100 million new jobs since 1985 and continues to grow rapidly, but the country still has a pool of 130 million surplus rural workers.
Joblessness in Chinese cities is projected to reach 5 million by the end of 1994.
India needs to create at least 100 million new jobs in the next ten years in order to raise all its poor above the poverty line.
Factors Contributing to Rising Unemployment
Although the problem of unemployment is not new, a variety of factors have combined to aggravate the difficulties confronting most regions of the world in recent years.
As a result of the decline of global military spending by one-third in real terms since 1988, employment in defence industries has fallen steeply and is expected to decline by at least 3 to 4 million jobs or roughly 25 per cent by 1998.
In addition, 4.5 million military personnel will be demobilized during this period.
The break-up of COMECON and the USSR have had a strongly negative impact on trade within Eastern Europe and with the industrialized West and developing countries.
The relatively high interest rates in Europe, resulting in part from tight monetary policies pursued by Germany to offset the enormous costs of reunification, have had adverse effects on investment, growth and employment in the region.
More recent rate increases in the US threaten to halt the declining trend in unemployment observed over the past year.
The extreme disruption of the centrally planned economies of Eastern Europe during the early stages of their transition to market economies has led to high domestic unemployment in most cases.
Slow recovery from the recent global recession has restrained the growth of foreign trade.
Down-sizing by major corporations in response to intense competitive pressures has eliminated many jobs which are not being restored, even after the recession is over.
Privatization and restructuring of public sector companies in response to fiscal pressures has had a similar effect.
In the United Kingdom alone, an estimated 500,000 jobs will be lost for this reason in 1994.
The impact of structural adjustments programmes has slowed economic growth and new job creation in a number of developing countries.
Gains in productivity due to new technology, particularly delayed gains from the micro-computer revolution of the 1980s and the growth of factory automation, have slowed job growth in some industries.
The increasing competitiveness of the NIEs of Asia and most recently China has displaced jobs in the West, primarily unskilled jobs.
The major impact of several of these factors has already been felt and is now beginning to subside.
Some will continue for several more years.
Still others may entirely reverse their direction and contribute to job growth later in the decade.
Not one is an irreversibly negative factor that will continue to exert a downward pressure on job growth for the foreseeable future.
Job Creation during the Twentieth Century
A long-term, global perspective is needed to understand fully the employment problem and the prospects for eliminating it.
Over the past four decades, the world economy has generated more than one billion jobs, more than were created during the previous four centuries.
If past trends continue, it will create another 1.3 billion during the next 35 years.
The current anxiety in the West is similar to that which the United States passed through in the 1890s when agricultural mechanization displaced 4.4 million farm workers, generating double digit unemployment and visions of a dismal future.
Yet, since then, employment in the United States has expanded by nearly 100 million jobs or 400 per cent.
Between 1990 and 2005, it is projected to increase by another 25 million.
The same process of structural transition is repeating itself today and raising the same anxieties.
Contrary to common belief, the US employment rate, the percentage of total population with jobs, has risen steadily throughout the century from 38 per cent to 46 per cent of the total population and is expected to reach 51 per cent by 2005.
This trend is true for the industrial nations as a whole.
Between 1960 and 1992, total employment in OECD countries rose by 110 million jobs or 44 per cent, including a 22 per cent increase in the participation of women in the workforce.
During this same period, un employment rose by 23 million persons, representing a 259 per cent increase in the overall unemployment rate.
More people are working than ever before, yet at the same time more people are unemployed, because a larger proportion of the population seek jobs.
Growing anxiety about employment prospects in the West were aggravated by a sudden 50 per cent increase in unemployment after 1990, which displaced an additional 10 million workers in the OECD and was equalled only by the previous high of 1983.
This increase is now showing signs of reversal.
These average figures disguise significant differences in performance of countries within the OECD.
Since 1950, Japan’s employment rate has risen from 43 per cent to around 50 per cent, while unemployment has remained in the 1 to 3 per cent range.
The overall proportion of the population employed in the European Community has declined by 1 per cent since 1965 and is presently just under 41 per cent, but the percentage of the working age population employed has remained more or less constant over the past three decades, at 67 per cent, whereas in other OECD regions it has risen significantly – to exceed 75 per cent in North America, Scandinavia and Japan.
Europe’s lower labour participation rate is attributable to a number of factors.
A far higher percentage of the European workforce was engaged in agriculture 25 years ago and has since shifted to non-agricultural sectors, an adjustment that occurred in the United States during earlier decades.
During the 1980s Europe chose a high-wage path to growth, passing on the benefits to the existing workforce but creating relatively few new jobs; whereas the United States, with a similar economic growth rate over the decade, showed lower income growth per worker, but a steadily rising employment rate.
Europe is now confronted with the need for structural adjustment to compensate.
In the United States, the extent of the unemployment problem is partially disguised in the form of low-wage jobs, which distribute total income over a larger number of workers.
Twenty per cent of all full-time US workers have incomes that fall below the official poverty line for a family of four, though only a quarter of these live in households whose total income is below the poverty line.
Real wages in the United States have not risen significantly over the last 20 years due to the dramatic increase in the supply of labour as a result of a 62 per cent increase in female participation since 1960 and the entrance of the baby-boom generation into the workforce.
However, America’s ‘family living standard’ has still risen by 40 per cent since 1970.
Within the next decade, the aging of the population is expected to reduce job pressures and even lead to labour shortages in some European countries.
Job growth has been quite rapid in the developing countries over the last forty years, more than doubling total employment.
The single most important factor behind rising numbers of unemployed persons and increasing absolute numbers of families below the poverty line in developing countries has been the 2.4-fold expansion of population in the Third World, and more than doubling of the economically active population since 1950, which have resulted in a 4 per cent decline in the overall employment rate.
Population growth rates continue to fall steadily in most countries, with the exception of Africa, providing an opportu nity for economic growth and job growth to catch up with the population explosion of recent decades.
Along with rapid quantitative job growth, the global economy has achieved dramatic qualitative gains in the nature of employment.
During recent decades, there has also been a marked movement away from subsistence level manual occupations, primarily in agriculture, to more skilled and remunerative forms of employment.
Worldwide, the percentage of the work force engaged in agriculture has fallen by 24 per cent since 1950, from 67 to 51 per cent.
Unemployment is of growing concern today primarily because population has expanded in recent decades even faster than job creation and because a larger percentage of the population, principally women, seek employment now than at any time in the past.
The shortages of jobs and the resulting poverty represent the most pressing social problem in the world today.
But viewed in historical perspective, it is clear that substantial progress has been made during the post-war period, making humanity as a whole more prosperous than at any previous period in recorded history.
Over the past five decades, global GDP has multiplied seven-fold.
In spite of unprecedented population growth, per capita income has more than tripled.
Between 1965 and 1985, real per capita consumption in the developing world rose by 70 per cent.
Despite the paramount concern raised by the persis tence of high rates of unemployment in recent years, available data do not confirm a long-term trend towards rising rates of global unemployment.
Prognosis for Employment in the Twenty-First Century
Although it is difficult to make reliable employment projections based on past trends, we can say some things with a fair degree of certainty.
In order to provide employment for every job seeker, the world needs to create approximately one billion new jobs during the next decade.
This will require a job growth rate of more than 4 per cent per year compared to the less than 3 per cent achieved during the 1980s.
About 95 per cent of the growth in the world labour force over the next 35 years will take place in developing countries.
An additional 260 million people will enter the workforce during the 1990s.
Employment in the East Asian economies is projected to grow by 37 per cent between 1990 and 2000, while the labour force will increase by only 17 per cent, leading to an increasing shortage of labour in the region.
In contrast, employment growth is projected to lag behind labour force growth in South Asia, Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa.
Although job growth has once again started in many OECD countries, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to bring down unemployment rates significantly, especially among youth and the long-term unemployed.
Changes in values, attitudes, structures and policies will be necessary.
Unless concerted action steps are taken, global unemployment will increase by 130 million during the 1990s.
Our thesis is that there is a great deal that can be done to prevent this outcome and even reverse the trend, leading to sharply reduced levels of unemployment and progressive eradication of poverty over the next decade.
How can we make such an optimistic prognosis in the face of the rising number of unemployed and rising concern of governments everywhere?
Before presenting our case, it is necessary to challenge several basic concepts about job creation and unemployment.
Destroying Myths about Job Destruction
Two common, but pervasive, myths have gained ground that add an aura of scientific determinism to the fatalism regarding rising un employment: the first relates to technology, the second to trade.
The notion that science and technology will eventually eliminate the need and, consequently, the opportunity for human productive labour has been gaining ground since the early years of the Industrial Revolution, and, with the advent of automated production lines, computers and industrial robots, it has attained the status of accepted truth.
Each generation welcomes with foreboding the advent of new technologies, attracted by their potential benefits and frightened by the immediate costs they impose.
But contrary to popular conception and empirical observation, there is little evidence to support the thesis that technological development is responsible for rising levels of unemployment in the medium to long term.
In spite of widespread anxiety that machines are progressively replacing people in the workforce, historically there has been a strong positive correlation between technological development and job creation.
It is certainly the case that the commercial application of each new phase of productive technologies displaces people from traditional occupations, reduces the number of workers required to carry out specific tasks, and can in the short term lead to fewer jobs in specific industries.
In the process, a larger number of low-wage, unskilled jobs are replaced with a smaller number of higher-wage, more skilled jobs resulting in rising levels of worker productivity and rising personal incomes.
But that is only the most direct initial impact of improved technology.
Seen from a wider perspective and traced patiently along the course of its myriad consequences, the introduction of new technology acts as a catalyst that generates a positive ripple effect which, on average, results in the creation of many more jobs – more skilled, more productive and higher-wage jobs – than it destroys.
The rising productivity made possible by technology reduces production costs and thereby lowers the price of products and services to customers and consumers.
The lower prices result in increased demand, greater consumption, higher levels of production and even greater cost reductions due to economies of scale.
This represents only the first cycle of job creation.
While jobs are being eliminated in low-skilled manual or assembly operations, simultaneously they are being created in industries that manufacture and service the more sophisticated machines, as well as in Research and Development (R &D) laboratories that develop the new machines, materials and manufacturing processes.
The workers who operate the improved machines require higher levels of skill, which demands more education and training, thus creating demand for jobs in the service sector.
The more productive and higher-paid industrial workers utilize their enhanced purchasing power to buy more goods and services than before – spending more on travel, consumer goods, housing, leisure, health and the education of offspring, and thus creating demand for more jobs in other industries.
Rising incomes generate higher standards and expectations, bringing changes in lifestyle that create new needs and new commercial activities.
This process has led to enormous growth in new jobs.
The best documented example of this process is the automotive industry.
Inspired by the idea of making a car the working-class masses at the turn of the century could afford, Henry Ford adopted new manufacturing technology, the automated assembly line, to produce the first low-priced automobile.
Ford’s technology increased worker productivity more than seven-fold and reduced production costs by two-thirds.
As an immediate result, thousands of small manufacturers of custom-built cars and horse-drawn carriages were put out of business.
But the growing demand for low-cost vehicles generated explosive growth for the industry, creating tens of thousands of new jobs in the process.
Globally, production rose from less than 250,000 vehicles in 1910 to 42 million in 1980.
Nine decades later, the automotive industry is still the largest manufacturing industry in the world and the single largest source of jobs in the American economy.
Every job created in automotive manufacturing has spawned roughly ten more in related occupations.
Thus, about 9 per cent of the USA’s entire workforce is employed in occupations directly related to automotive manufacture, sales and services, road construction and maintenance, and transport of freight and passengers.
Globally, 7 to 9 million workers were employed in automotive manufacturing in 1980 and perhaps as many as 50 to 80 million in related occupations.
In addition, the spread of automotive technology has had tremendous impact on the growth of other industries stimulated by the greater mobility of the public – retail trade, hotels, restaurants, tourism, recreation – and indirectly on agriculture, as well as every other service and manufacturing industry that benefits from lower cost and greater speed of passenger and freight transport.
Advances in technology provide society with greater conveniences and in the process endow the society with greater creative and productive abilities.
Over time, these new abilities spur the creation of new activities in many different fields distantly related to the original point of innovation.
The process results in improvements in health, which raise the level of physical energy; higher standards of education, which raise the level of mental energy and culture; and higher levels of social skills and organization, which raise the energy level of the entire society, making it ever more creative and productive.
A comprehensive study of this wider process of job creation and destruction arising from technological innovation is needed to develop specific coefficients for measuring the impact of technological advances in different fields on total employment.
Eventually, we may hope to dispel the widespread fear and sense of helplessness that this issue evokes.
The notion that there are a fixed or inherently limited number of jobs that can be created by the economy is a fiction.
It is not just advances in technology that work in this fashion.
Every major advance in social attitudes, institutions, values and lifestyles has a dual effect on employment, creating jobs in some areas and destroying them in others.
Higher standards of education not only raise productivity, but also stimulate higher expectations that lead to greater consumption.
Changing attitudes toward the environment have created entirely new industries and generated new jobs in every field where impact on the environment is of concern.
New types of organization such as fast-food restaurants, franchising and hire purchase or leasing create new jobs by hastening the growth or expanding the activities of the society.
Shifting attitudes toward marriage and the role of women create greater demand for jobs but also more opportunities for employment, because working women consume more and require additional services.
Anxiety regarding the impact of technological development on jobs has been aggravated by the belief – largely a hangover from the Industrial Age – that in the industrial nations automation is rapidly replacing high-wage manufacturing jobs with low-wage jobs in the service sector.
Actually, services have had a dominant place in Western economies for most of the twentieth century.
In the United States, they now account for 79 per cent of all jobs, 74 per cent of GDP, and generate a $56 billion trade surplus, compared to a $132 billion deficit for goods.
Technological developments, such as advances in computers, telecommunications and medical technology, have played at least as great a role in the growth of the service sector as in manufacturing.
New service jobs in banking, foreign trade, research, design and engineering, computer software, education, health, law, finance, business management, communications, transportation, media and entertainment demand higher levels of education and skills and offer higher pay.
In 1992 the median manufacturing job in the US paid only $19 per week more than the median job in the service sector.
The growth of technology is freeing workers from the drudgery of the production line, while providing consumers with a quality of life previously available only to the most wealthy.
The organization of production is also a major determinant of the number of jobs created.
The Western pattern of mass production by monolithic corporations that emerged during the first 80 years of this century is no longer the inevitable or even the obvious pattern for either industrial or developing countries in the coming decades.
Smaller, technology-intensive firms are faster at adapting new technology, more flexible in meeting specialized customer needs and generate more skilled, better-paying jobs.
Recent experience, such as in the Prato region of Italy, indicates that proper blending of new technologies in existing productive sectors can be utilized to preserve a geographically decentralized, small-scale pattern of production and to enable small firms to match the competitiveness of countries with much lower labour costs.
This offers an attractive alternative for preserving the small-scale decentralized pattern of production still prevalent in developing countries and for the future development of enterprises in new industries.
Each advance in attitudes, lifestyles, social institutions and forms of commercial organization has ultimately expanded the scope of economic activities and raised living standards substantially.
Jobs are created by our innate human resourcefulness and ingenuity, expressed as invention, innovation and social imitation.
The ultimate determinant of the number and quality of jobs in future will not be physical or even financial constraints, but – ‘science, technology, values and social organization – in a word, the human imagination’.
Trading Jobs
Those in the West who do not blame rising unemployment on technological advancement, usually blame it on trade.
Business and economic literature is replete with articles stating that the high-wage industrial nations will suffer rising levels of unemployment due to the growth of imported goods from low-wage developing countries.
The completion of the Uruguay round of GATT trade negotiations was delayed for years because this view fostered protectionist sentiment in the bastion of free trade Western nations.
This issue elicits heated emotional debate that often overlooks obvious facts.
For instance, increasing trade with East Asia and with low-wage developing countries is cited as a major cause of the fall in the wages of unskilled workers in the United States.
As in the case of technology, there is evidence that free trade destroys jobs in some industries, especially unskilled or low-skilled jobs in high-wage economies.
In some instances the devastating impact of increasing imports may justify a gradual approach to removing trade barriers.
However, the overall impact of manufactured exports from developing countries has been vastly exaggerated.
Exports by the Newly Industrializing Economies to the United States have risen from 1.1 to 2.1 per cent of US GNP over the past decade.
America’s share of trade with low-wage countries represents only 3 per cent of GDP, compared to 2 per cent in 1960.
For the OECD as a whole, imports from low-wage countries represent only 1.5 per cent of total expenditure on goods and services.
On the other hand, there is irrefutable evidence that expanding international trade creates large numbers of jobs, even in high-wage economies.
The real issue, therefore, is whether the overall balance favours net job creation or net job destruction for each nation and for the global economy.
On this issue the evidence is clear.
Protectionism reduces overall economic welfare, often hurting those with the lowest incomes.
In the long term greater international trade, like technology, expands overall employment opportunities substantially.
Trade also counters the tendency of prices to increase along with incomes in more developed countries.
Living standards rise as consumers benefit from the availability of lower-priced imported consumer goods.
One of the greatest barriers to solving the world’s employment problem is the perception that trade destroys jobs.
As in the case of technology, the interactions are complex and must be viewed in their entirety, rather than in isolated industries.
The global economy is not a zero sum game in which increased production by one country must necessarily result in reduced production by another.
Trade opens up new opportunities.
It permits each country to specialize in industries where it possesses a ‘comparative advantage’.
This specialization enables it to evolve improved processes to achieve higher levels of quality and productivity, larger production volumes and lower costs.
This results in higher incomes for its workers and makes their products more affordable in other countries, which in turn raises standards of living abroad.
The resultant rise in real incomes domestically and overseas stimulates demand for more of these products as well as for other products that can be produced locally or imported from overseas.
Trade also tends to raise the quality of jobs in an economy.
It forces higher-wage countries and their workers to specialize in technology-intensive and skill-intensive occupations that pay higher wages.
At the same time, it also raises the wages of less-skilled jobs in low-wage countries by increasing the demand for workers to produce for overseas markets.
The problem in the more developed countries is that the demand for low-skilled jobs declines and the gap in wages between skilled and unskilled jobs tends to increase, resulting in a decline in incomes and employment opportunities for lower levels of the population in these countries.
This is a natural, healthy process of social development in which different sectors serve as engines for growth at different stages.
The upward job displacement that earlier shifted job opportunities from agriculture to industry now shifts them to higher-skilled jobs in manufacturing and services.
The negative side-effects of this process on some sections of the population alert us to areas where society must make special efforts to speed their development.
As in the case of technology, research is needed to document this complex process across industries, between countries and over time.
One product of these studies could be the development of specific job coefficients measuring the impact of growth in trade in different industries on overall employment.
Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.
The pent-up demand generated by the destruction of Europe during the Second World War, the rapid expansion of population during the baby boom generation, and the explosion of new technologies in the past few decades, all generated strong internal demand in the OECD countries, resulting in steady economic growth.
The slow growth of population and productivity in more recent years means that these factors cannot be expected to drive further economic expansion at the same rate.
In contrast, average growth rates in developing countries are expected to be two to three times higher than in the industrial nations.
The increase in the dollar output of developing countries was actually bigger than that of the most economically advanced nations in 1992 and 1993, and this trend is expected to continue.
Measured in terms of purchasing power parity, developing countries now represent more than one-third of the world economy.
More than 40 per cent of US exports now go to developing countries and two-thirds of the increase in US exports in recent years has gone to these nations.
The rising expectations and upward mobility of millions of people in developing countries represent a vast potential source of demand, higher incomes and jobs for the West.
Increasing incomes among the poorest countries has the greatest multiplier effect on global aggregate demand, because even small increments in per capita income can lead to large increases in the number of households with incomes above the threshold for buying consumer goods.
Asia is expected to generate half the growth in gross world product and world trade during the 1990s.
This region will have one billion consumers of televisions, refrigerators and motor vehicles by the year 2000 and a rising appetite for both imported consumer and capital goods.
East Asia alone, excluding Japan and China, will spend about $900 billion on infrastructure between 1992 and 2000.
During this decade, China and India will add 21,000 megawatts of electricity generation every year and more telephone switching capacity than the United States and Japan combined.
Latin America’s annual requirements for investment in power, water and sewage, telecommunications and transport infrastructure are estimated at $60 billion.
Rising incomes and increasing exports to the dynamic economies of Asia and Latin America could generate as many as 1.7 million jobs by the end of the decade in the United States alone.
The growth of the developing economies could provide the major impetus for economic expansion and job creation in both developed and developing countries.
Government policies based on recognition of this fact can considerably improve the climate for development of these nations and correspondingly stimulate further growth in the West.
Freer international trade will generate a flood of cheaper goods from the developing world that will give rise not only to greater purchasing power and higher standards of living for the Western consumer, but also to a ‘demand boom’ for sophis ticated Western goods and services to improve infrastructure and meet the needs of billions of consumers in developing countries.
The vast inequalities in living standards that persist within both developing and industrial nations, and between the most and least economically developed countries, result in an enormous global loss of incomes and jobs.
Accelera ting the development of poorer nations and poorer sections of the population in each country is the most powerful instrument and the surest guarantee of continued growth of jobs and incomes for everyone in the next century.
Strategies for Developing Countries
For the developing countries as a whole, the most critical question is how to create quickly hundreds of millions of jobs for the poor with limited purchasing power and limited capital for investment.
The idea that most of these jobs could be created in the corporate sector or by government-sponsored activities has been put to rest.
Currently, there are nearly one billion self-employed and unpaid family workers in the world, most of them self-employed farmers in developing countries.
The self-employed represent 48 per cent of the workforce in low-income economies (less than $500 per capita GDP).
For any strategy to be successful, it must give central importance to self-employment and entrepreneurship, with emphasis on agriculture, agro-industry and small firms in the informal sector.
While a single approach will not be applicable to countries and regions of the world in different stages of development, a number of common principles and strategies are widely applicable.
Agriculture as an engine
Slightly more than half the world’s workforce, of whom 30 per cent are women, are still engaged in agriculture.
Agriculture will remain the largest single occupation for the foreseeable future.
For too long this sector has been regarded by planners primarily as the source of essential food production.
Historically, agriculture has also played a major role as an engine for economic growth and employment.
The Industrial Revolution in nineteenth-century England was spawned by rising productivity and incomes in agriculture that increased demand for manufactured goods.
In post-war Japan, South Korea, and more recently Thailand, rising agricultural productivity and a shift to commercial crops have been dynamic engines for economic growth, job creation, higher incomes and rural purchasing power, wider markets for produce, and the growth of downstream industries.
In Taiwan, this was the result of a conscious strategy to utilize agriculture to stimulate job creation and domestic demand.
The vast technological gap between the levels of agricultural productivity achieved by most developing countries and the highest yields achieved globally represents an enormous untapped potential for stimulating economic growth and job creation.
The reduction in agricultural subsidies to farmers in industrial nations called for in the recently signed GATT trade agreements will generate far higher international demand for agricultural exports from developing countries.
In the next chapter, we argue strongly for an agriculture-led job creation strategy and cite evidence to show how it can generate sufficient jobs to eradicate poverty in many countries.
New deal for the self-employed
Excluding agriculture, there are 104 million self-employed and unpaid family workers in developing countries, representing 37 per cent of the non-agricultural workforce.
Self-employed persons and the small firms which they establish have enormous potential for rapidly generating large numbers of new jobs and raising productivity to increase incomes, provided the right policy measures are in place to support them.
Japan’s economic growth has relied heavily on the proliferation of small rural enterprises.
Today, 74 per cent of the Japanese workforce is employed by small and medium-sized firms.
China created 101 million jobs between 1985 and 1991, 70 per cent in ‘township and village enterprises’, of which nearly half are privately owned.
In many countries, a large proportion of small enterprises are established by women and employ predominately women.
An appropriate mix of policies focusing on access to technology, training, credit, marketing and distribution channels can substantially accelerate self-employment, particularly in the informal sector and rural areas, and among women.
Expand services
The service sector represents only 25 per cent of the labour force in developing countries compared with more than 67 per cent in the industrial nations.
Contrary to common conception, services can be a major contributor to job growth even in countries at earlier stages of development.
This sector is as amenable to stimulation by government policies as agriculture or manufacturing, and it also provides impetus for the growth of other sectors.
Supportive policies have enabled trade, transport and other services to generate more than 50 per cent of all jobs in Japan, Hong Kong, South Korea and Singapore.
Services have produced more than half of all job growth in many other Asian nations, including private day-care centres, nursery schools and computer training institutes, which are multiplying rapidly in many countries, but can be expanded much further.
India has adopted an innovative, low-cost, self-employment strategy to expand availability of long-distance telecommunications services by setting up small private telephone and fax centres throughout the country.
Informal private service enterprises in construction, commerce, food catering, repair and transport have vast growth potential.
Rapid expansion of education, training and public health, especially rural health and education, can also serve as a conscious strategy for employment generation.
Technology of organization
Much emphasis is placed on the widening gap in technology between North and South, but the gap in the technology of organization is even greater.
Creation of new types of systems and organizations can create markets and jobs in many ways.
The Dutch system of flower auction co-operatives is so successful that 68 per cent of the entire world’s exports of cut flowers pass through markets in the Netherlands.
The franchise system has led to a rapid proliferation of new businesses and new jobs in the West in such widely diverse fields as food services, home remodelling, dry cleaning and real estate.
Industrial estates, export processing zones, export promotion councils, export insurance, warehouse receipts, quality standards, and thousands of other organizational innovations have been either created or borrowed by developing countries to accelerate social progress.
A comprehensive study of successful systems and institutions that can be transferred and adapted to local conditions will document the enormous untapped potential for stimulating faster economic and job growth by inventing, imitating and further improving social systems.
Action Plan to Stimulate Employment in Developing Countries
Employment generation is a product of multiple factors that combine together.
Stimulating job creation requires a comprehensive approach, rather than partial policies or piecemeal strategies.
The achievements of the Newly Industrializing Economies (NIEs) of East Asia demonstrate that tremendous increases in employment generation can be achieved based on comprehensive strategies.
While broad prescriptions should not be indiscriminately applied to the widely disparate situations confronting different countries, the availability of a number of tested methods under lines the fact that effective and proven policy measures can be formulated to meet the employment needs of every developing country.
A number of the strategies briefly listed below are enlarged upon in sub sequent chapters of the report, but listed here for the purpose of comprehensiveness
1.Emphasize agriculture: Utilize agriculture as a source of economic growth and job creation by a shift to high value-added, commercial crops, supported by policy measures to upgrade technology, improve skills, raise productivity, ensure the supply of essential inputs, establish marketing and distribution chan nels, create linkages between agriculture and industry, and cater to export markets.
2.Promote small enterprises: Promote small enterprises by policies to make technology, training, credit, marketing and distribution channels more easily accessible to small business, and by forging linkages between universities, research institutes and small enter prises.
The creation of micro-enterprise banks and credit unions specifically designed to cater to the needs of the self-employed and small firms can be especially effective.
There are a growing number of these institutions targeting clients that lack access to commercial lending institutions, particularly women, providing unsubsidized loans, and achieving very low levels of default.
3.Upgrade skills: Absorbing new technology, raising productivity, improving the quality and competitiveness of exports – all depend on the skills of the workforce.
Labour productivity has been increasing in East Asia by 10 per cent a year, half of which is attributable to investment in education and technical skills.
Training institutions and programmes in most developing countries provide only a narrow range and low level of skill acquisition to a small portion of the population.
Raise skills to increase productivity by vastly expanding the lower tiers of the agricultural, craft, technical and vocational training systems at the local level to provide practical training in job-related skills to the saturation point.
Imbalances between supply and demand for skills exist at all levels in developing economies.
Make a careful assessment of present supply and demand for key skills.
Compare the density of different types and levels of skill in countries at the next higher stage of development and evolve programmes to raise the quantity and quality of skills to that level.
4.Improve marketing: The organization of marketing is typically one of the weakest links and, therefore, one of the greatest barriers to economic growth and job growth.
Brazil set up a distribution system for the export of citrus fruits that has enabled it to become the world's largest exporter of this commodity.
Improve distribution and marketing systems, especially for agricultural produce, by identifying missing links and establishing successful model programmes that bridge the gap between rural producers and urban or overseas markets.
5.Expand services: Actively encourage and support growth of the service sector through programmes similar to those utilized to support the expansion of small industry.
6.Develop exports: The new GATT treaty ensures that, contrary to earlier projections, export-led growth is far from over.
After agriculture, the textile and clothing industry is one of the largest employment sectors in developing countries.
The industry's global exports are $250 billion a year, of which Asian countries command 40 per cent.
Trade in clothing is expected to rise by 60 per cent and textiles by 34 per cent over the next ten years.
As labour costs have risen in East Asia, greater opportunities are emerging for lower-wage developing countries to take a larger share in growing international markets.
In order to take advantage of the increasing opportunities opened up by liberalization of world trade, developing countries should accelerate steps to expand export-oriented markets by forging foreign collaborations and overseas subsidiaries, acquiring technology, creating an attractive commercial environment for foreign investment, and continuously building the skills of the labour force.
7.Innovate organizationally: Significant improvements in the competitiveness and growth of businesses in developing countries can be achieved through raising organizational efficiency and dynamism through better internal management practices and better commercial systems in the marketplace.
Conduct a comprehensive study of successful management practices, systems and institutions from both developing and developed countries that can be transferred and adapted to local conditions in or der to accelerate development in each field of activity.
Evolve new organizational patterns for existing industries based on adaptation of new technologies in small, geographically decentralized, labour-intensive production units in order to make these industries more responsive, flexible, efficient and competitive.
8.Extend basic education: A distinguishing feature of the East Asian countries has been their emphasis during the early stage of industrialization on primary and secondary education, especially in rural areas.
This strategy increases the productivity of the mass of the workforce, helps promote income equality, consumer spending power and broad support for high growth and pro-business policies.
Raise the educational qualifications of the workforce to the level pertaining in more economically advanced nations.
Place particular emphasis on primary and secondary education, rural education and education of young girls.
9.Disseminate information: Encourage the establishment of new institutions, programmes and systems to speed and extend the dissemination of practically useful information as a powerful catalyst for more rapid social progress.
Encourage a national climate of open-mindedness to foreign ideas, influences and success stories.
10.Increase the velocity of money and other transactions: Increase the speed of commercial transactions, especially money flows, in the economy by streamlining government and banking procedures, ensuring rapid utilization of funds by all government agencies, setting strict limits on the time taken for bank transfers, introducing agencies for credit verification and collection of unpaid bills, and improving the telecommunications infrastructure.
11.Revamp higher education: Educational systems which 'manufacture graduates' compound the problem rather than alleviating it.
The problem of the educated unemployed is not so much the amount of education they receive, but the type of knowledge and attitudes imparted.
Reorient the educational curriculum at all levels, especially higher education, to impart the knowledge and attitudes needed to promote self-employment and entrepreneur ship rather than salaried employment.
12.Employment planning: Studies of Japan and the NIEs indicate that conscious employment planning is an essential requirement for generating full employment.
Place the employment objective high on the national agenda and evolve a comprehensive plan to achieve full employment by identifying untapped growth potentials in agriculture, industry, exports and services.
Launch a nationwide programme to implement all employment-related strategies on a highest priority basis.
Comprehensive Strategies
While most of the prescriptions listed above are known to all, very few are systematically and efficiently applied.
Africa can benefit enormously by applying strategies that have worked in Asia.
The ‘Prosperity 2000’ programme evolved by ICPF for India and presented in the next chapter seeks to utilize a combination of these strategies to generate 100 million new jobs within a decade or less, which will be sufficient to raise 25 per cent of the world’s poorest billion people above the poverty line.
Given a comprehensive approach, the right mix of policies, good government and a conducive international environment for trade, technology transfer and investment, every nation has the capacity to develop and meet the employment needs of its people within the next one or two decades.
The Right to Employment
The transformation of social life in this century has drawn hundreds of millions of people away from a subsistence level existence in agriculture to urban areas and industrial employment.
In the process it has brought about an unprecedented advancement in living standards around the world.
But it has also engendered a way of life in which the livelihood of individuals is far more dependent than in the past on external conditions – the state of the national and global economy, trade policies, interest and exchange rates, levels of military spending and overall consumer demand.
Modern society, even in the most liberal democracies, has become so structured that it leaves less and less freedom for truly independent individual initiative.
Today, government intervenes in virtually every aspect of society’s economic existence, restricting the freedom of the individual to seek his or her own livelihood and determining the type and number of job opportunities available.
Employment opportunities are directly linked to government tax policy concerning capital gains, depreciation, energy, wages and salaries, as well as by policies governing minimum wage laws, interest rates, budget deficits, imports and exports, environmental regulations and restrictions, defence spending, immigration, industrial development, investment, licensing of practitioners, zoning laws and countless other public policy issues.
Without access to jobs, people lack the ability to ensure their own survival and support in modern society.
As government has assured the right to education – indeed, compels it – it can and must also ensure the right of every person to gainful employment.
Our very concept of the rights of the individual and the responsibilities of the society must undergo radical change.
UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali has called for a broader definition of human rights to include economic as well as political rights.
The essential basis for meeting the world’s employment needs is the realization that employment is an absolute necessity for survival in modern society and must be recognized as a fundamental right of every human being.
Pragmatism as well as idealism compels this step.
Recognizing the right of every citizen to employment is the essential basis and the most effective strategy for generating the necessary political will to provide jobs for all.
What is needed is not another job generation programme, but a change in social values that will accelerate the natural and inevitable evolution of society, from one in which labour is regarded as a dispensable resource to one based on full human rights and the enormous productive potential of the human being.
The type and magnitude of change needed today is comparable to that embodied in President Roosevelt’s New Deal for the American people during the Great Depression, at a time when 25 per cent of the workforce was unemployed: to the Indian government’s decision to launch the Green Revolution in the mid-1960s to achieve self-sufficiency in foodgrains, at a time when the country was highly dependent on imported food to stave off famine: and to Mikhail Gorbachev’s initiatives late in the 1980s to end the Cold War and transform Soviet society.
Is Full Employment Possible?
Few will argue with the compelling logic, justice and idealism of this view, but many will question the feasibility of practically implementing it.
As long as we continue to believe that society is truly helpless to manage job growth, there will be strong resistance to the full employment goal.
We must recognize that the present status and functioning of our economies is the result of specific choices that have been made in the past, based on priorities and values that were relevant or dominant at the time, but which we certainly are not obliged to live with indefinitely and, in fact, are continuously in the process of discarding in favour of new values and priorities.
The rapid adoption of environmentally friendly policies around the world is positive proof of how quickly the rules, even economic rules, can change when there is a concerted will for a breakthrough.
So too, the welfare policies of the European Union that have resulted in a 70 per cent rise in national income over the past two decades, but only a 9 per cent increase in the number of jobs, were due to conscious choices that favoured the employed over the unemployed, not the inevitability of the market.
Recent economic debate in the United States has brought this truth to the fore.
At a time of historically low levels of inflation and high levels of unemployment, the US Federal Reserve has pursued a policy of raising interest rates in order to prevent a potential rise in inflation at some time in the future, which has had the immediate effect of dampening growth and slowing job creation, just at the time unemploy ment rates were beginning to fall towards normal levels.
This has prompted some economists to question the notion of a ‘natural’ rate of unemployment.
The current high level of structural unemployment is the result of policies that can be changed.
Every social condition is the result of current social values, attitudes and policies.
The values, attitudes and policies underlying the present state of the US economy give highest priority to conserving the value of existing wealth, rather than creating new wealth through faster economic growth and higher rates of employment.
The apparent obsession of central bankers supported by international financial institutions to raise interest rates in anticipation of rising prices, thereby sacrificing job growth in order to prevent even modest levels of inflation, illustrates negatively to what extent it is human choices – based on superstitious fear and a clinging to money value at the expense of human value – that prevent us from resolving this crucial problem.
The current level of unemployment is one among several of its natural results.
People’s jobs are a variable being manipulated in the operation of economic policy.
Through its acceptance of government policy, society has chosen the present system and, if it chooses, can alter it in preference for another.
The commitment to ‘jobs for all’ is also undermined by the false impression that the total employment available in society is inherently limited by the finite, material needs of the community.
Modern economic history is witness to an ever-expanding growth in human needs to match the ever-increasing productive capacities of the post-industrial age.
Creating more jobs is an expansive movement that generates more purchasing power, increases aggregate demand and consumption, stimulates further job creation, and moves the whole economy towards higher rates of growth.
The expansion is not merely horizontal.
It also involves the emergence of higher-order, non-material needs for education, health, recreation, entertainment, environmental protection and artistic fulfilment.
The entry of women into the workforce has substantially increased the demand for day-care and house-care services, travel, recreation, automobiles, fashion and consumer goods.
The raising of environmental consciousness has led to a rapid proliferation of new technologies, products and services.
A radical change in values, priorities and policies at countless points is required.
It can only be done by the conscious initiative of government compelled by the expectations and demands of an electorate educated to understand the impact of government on economic life and the scope for increasing employment opportunities in a market economy.
If society decides that useful jobs must be created, then they will be created.
Full employment can be achieved by any country that has the will and determination to achieve it.
This does not mean that every country can accomplish the goal immediately.
Nor does it mean that governments should try to spend their way out of unemployment by creating artificial jobs for all who seek them.
But the high current costs of the unemployed certainly suggest that there are more constructive ways to spend available resources to solve the problem.
Instead, a commitment to self-employment should lead the government to reexamine and where necessary alter the nature of its priorities and policies and the structure of its economic system in order to make achievement of this goal possible.
The magnitude of the task and the prescription may vary, but the goal and determination can be shared by all.
Employment Strategies for the Industrial Nations
In the industrial countries, the phenomena of jobless growth coupled with persistently high rates of youth unemployment and of chronic unemployment among the poorer sections will not be eradicated by even the most optimistic rates of economic expansion or mere incremental adjustments within the context of present attitudes and policies.
Although the problem has been aggravated by a variety of short- and medium-term factors whose effects will gradually dissipate over time – defence cuts, recession, East European economic crisis, German reunification, etc.
– the present job crisis among Western nations is largely structural in nature.
Although conditions vary from country to country, the crisis impacts most heavily on the unskilled, young people, urban poor, ethnic minorities and older workers.
Specific programmes to effect structural changes will have to be introduced in order to ensure a fair opportunity to all, especially minority youth, to lead economically active lives.
It is in this context that the European Union, the United States and other Western governments have been considering ambitious proposals for addressing this issue.
The Australian government has unveiled a $4.6 billion jobs package to reduce unemployment from 10 per cent to 5 per cent by the end of the decade by encouraging training for the young, the unskilled and the long-term unemployed.
Recently the OECD has presented the main planks of an employment strategy to stimulate economic growth in the industrial nations, make labour markets more flexible, increase productivity, and revamp employment and unemployment security provisions.
The relative success of the US economy in creating jobs during the past decade has prompted other countries to emphasize the importance of policies to increase the flexibility of wage rates and bring down the price of labour by reductions in the statutory minimum wage.
The main effect of this policy is likely to be a movement of jobs between nations, however, not a significant increase in the total number of jobs available.
In fact, measures which reduce wage incomes could have the perverse effect of reducing aggregate purchasing power and employment.
Economic growth is recognized as an essential, though not sufficient, condition for higher rates of job growth – but fears of inflation constrain industrial countries from trying to stimulate faster expansion of their economies.
The primary impact of moderate levels of inflation would be to encourage an outflow of investment to more stable currencies.
How ever, if the industrial nations all agreed to relax their monetary policies, this effect could be minimized.
The real constraint on job creation in the industrial nations is not the price of labour, but the need for increased capital investment, partly to counter the effects of reduced military spending and the drastic fall in output and demand in Eastern Europe.
Increasing public investment to stimulate employment is constrained by widespread concern about rising levels of public debt.
Recent reports state that the gross debt of OECD countries has risen from 35 per cent of GDP in 1970 to 70 per cent in 1993.
But this figure is of questionable significance.
The gross debt includes the debt held by government departments and public agencies as well as by private institutions and individuals.
When the government-held portion is deducted, the actual net debt of these countries is approximately half the gross debt, which means the net interest burden for servicing the debt is also only half.
Furthermore, it is not clear that a comparison of debt to GDP is a very meaningful index.
Debt is a cumulative measure of stock, while GDP is an annual measure of flow.
When the total debt of OECD countries is compared to the total capital stock of these countries, the debt is equal to a relatively modest 15 per cent of the current capital stock of these nations.
In contrast to the recommendations made by the OECD, the Delors Plan for stimulating employment in Western Europe, which was recently rejected by member countries of the European Community, called for a large increase in public investment in expensive communication and transportation infra structure projects as a means of creating more jobs in the near term and increasing the competitive ness of European economies by improving their infra structure.
Instead of investing in ambitious, high-tech projects whose future impact on job creation is unclear, the industrial nations should make sub stantial increases in public investment to improve the tools of the work force by lending to promote small enterprises together with increased public investment in education and training, which will stimulate short-, medium- and long-term job growth.
The recommendations set forth in this report are based on the conviction that nothing less than a legal commitment of the society to guarantee employment is justified and nothing less will be sufficient to solve the problem.
Only then can the requisite political will be generated to push through effective measures.
We do not advocate a return to state socialism or expansion of the public sector.
As in the case of the environment, the changes needed are in the priority given to achieving different social objectives in the formulation of government policy.
Recommendations to Achieve Full Employment in Industrial Nations
Earlier we noted long-term trends that suggest the recent rise in unemployment in the West does not necessarily forebode, and need not necessarily result in, chronically higher rates of unemployment in these countries.
Granted that the necessary political and social commitment is forthcoming, there are a range of strategies which, taken in the proper measure and combination, can dramatically accelerate job growth and reduce unemployment.
Each of these strategies has proved effective in stimulating employment, though none by itself may be sufficient to solve the problem.
A comprehensive, total approach, rather than partial and half-way measures, is needed.
No industrial country can claim that it systematically exploits all the potential benefits of the strategies in this list.
This should be the highest priority of every Western government today.
1.Promote small businesses: All the publicity given to the impact of down-sizing by major corporations has obscured the fact that the top 500 US firms employ less than five per cent of the US workforce.
It is also the smaller firms that are responsible for job growth.
Businesses employing fewer than 20 workers presently account for 57 per cent of new job creation in Europe.
Based upon the successful examples of many developing countries that have stimulated growth in this sector, there is vast scope for expanding services to support new enterprises through better access to management and employee training courses, credit and R & D facilities; by testing and certification for those who want to start businesses; and by estab lishing business incubators to provide work space and shared services as well as technical, financial and marketing expertise to start-up companies.
2.Reduce business failures: New businesses create most of the jobs, but they destroy most of them too, by going out of business.
The failure rate of new businesses is extremely high in most industrial nations.
In Italy, roughly 50 per cent fail in the first year.
Of the more than 600,000 new business start-ups in the United States each year, 40 per cent close within 12 months, 80 per cent within five years, and 80 per cent of the remainder in the subsequent five years.
Expanding programmes for management training, small business education and counselling, marketing assistance and financial management can bring down the failure rate dramatically.
3.Voluntary part-timism: Increasing the flexibility of working hours will serve the interests of both businesses and workers.
Encouraging voluntary part-timism by removing the artificial barriers to job sharing created by employment laws, social security tax laws, administrative procedures and trade unions would raise the morale and productivity of those who prefer to work less, while creating openings for many who are now without jobs.
In the Netherlands, voluntary part-timism has been identified as the biggest single potential for creating new jobs, capable of reducing the country's unemployment by up to 50 per cent.
Proportionately reducing working hours and salaries can spread the existing work more evenly over more people.
Evidence suggests that reduced working time can raise productivity significantly.
Extending vacation time and medical leave in the United States nearer to levels which the Europeans enjoy would create many more job openings.
Work or job sharing is not an ultimate answer in itself, but it can have a beneficial short-term impact, allowing time for longer-term measures to take effect.
As a minimum, governments should remove the artificial barriers to job-sharing created by employment laws, administrative procedures and trade unions.
Social security tax systems should also be modified to remove the in-built bias that increases the taxes of those who hold multiple, part-time jobs, rather than one full-time job.
Such constraints limited part-time jobs to around 10 per cent of the total in Belgium, France, Italy and Spain compared to around 25 per cent in Britain and Denmark.
4.Modify tax policies:The present income and payroll tax system raises the real cost of labour relative to other resources, such as capital and energy, and thereby discourages job creation.
It heavily taxes people for working, which indirectly raises the cost of labour and reduces the number of jobs.
At the same time the system provides investment and depreciation incentives that encourage indus try to shift from labour-intensive to capital-intensive modes of production.
Much of the shift from labour to capital might not be economically justified were it not for the in-built bias in this system.
Low levels of taxation on the depletion of non-renewable energy resources in the United States is another distorting influence that makes machine-driven activity more cost-effective than it would otherwise be.
5.Analyse job impact of government policies: Almost every government policy has a direct or indirect impact on employment.
Often the relationship is not recognized or intended.
An analysis of the impact of major public policies on employment at the local, state and nation level can result in avoidance or removal of significant legislative and administrative roadblocks to job growth.
Require employment assessment of new policy initiatives prior to adoption.
6.Re-orient social security programmes toward re-employment: OECD countries spend 2-3 per cent of GDP on labour market policies, most of it to support the unemployed.
The United Kingdom spends nearly $14,000 a year on every unemployed person.
The United States spends three times as much on welfare payments as it does on retraining the unemployed.
For three decades, Sweden achieved the highest employment rate among OECD countries based on 'the passionate belief in full employment' and 'the right to work' and on active policies to generate work for all, rather than payments to the unemployed.
Drawing lessons from the Swedish model, introduce a comprehensive programme of education and vocational preparedness for the unemployed, compulsory retraining for those who are unemployed for more than six months, and a strictly managed penalty system for unemployed persons who refuse successive job offers and do not seek retraining.
7.Improve labour market information and job placement systems: Labour markets are becoming more and more fluid.
One in ten jobs is now replaced in OECD countries every year.
This makes the strengthening of job placement systems a crucial element in any full employment strategy.
Lack of access to information about job or training opportunities retards re-employment.
Sweden operates one of the most extensive and efficient employment services, in close cooperation with business, that is responsible for filling 60 per cent of total job vacancies.
Improve labour market information systems within and between countries by increasing the accuracy and comparability of data, requiring mandatory reporting by businesses of all sizes, and freely exchanging information between cities, states and countries on successful employment-generating strategies.
8.Raise minimum standards for education: Higher education increases productivity, raises personal expectations and consumption, and generates additional jobs in education and elsewhere.
Lack of qualifications, inadequate and out-dated skills commonly characterize the long-term unemployed.
There is a strong positive correlation between higher education and higher incomes.
The employment rate for college graduates in the United States is 75 per cent versus 48 per cent for high school drop- outs; at the height of the recent recession, 3.2 per cent of college graduates were unemployed compared with 11.4 per cent of high school drop-outs.
Only 57 per cent of 18-year-olds in the OECD countries are pursuing formal education.
The Japanese built their highly competitive workforce by raising the educational attainments of the bottom half of their primary and secondary school population.
Raising the minimum compulsory level of education, as Belgium did in the mid-1980s from 16 years to 18, slows the entrance of young people into the labour market, better equips them for employment and in creases the demand for teachers.
Extending compulsory education by two years or doubling the teacher– student ratio in the United States could generate several million additional jobs in teaching.
A national commitment to raise the minimum standard, the average level and the quality of education can act as a great medium-term stimulus to job creation.
9.Continuous training: Technological development is dramatically speeding up the rate at which old skills become obsolete and new ones are needed.
Education and training must become a life-long process for workers.
In a number of countries, high levels of unemployment coexist with shortages of particular skills, reflecting significant mismatches between supply and demand for skills.
The deficiencies in government-operated training programmes can be partially overcome by providing greater incentives to private firms to invest in training new and existing employees.
Studies have found that a 10 per cent increase in expenditure on training can boost productivity by an average of 3 per cent over two years and by as much as 30 times the cost of training.
Yet even today, only a relatively small number of companies conduct regular, ongoing training programmes.
Launch a nationwide public educational programme on the tremendous potential gains in productivity from increased training.
Support initiatives by providing incentives to intensify training programmes for all employees by every type of commercial and non-commercial institution in order systemati cally to upgrade the technical, vocational, organizational and managerial skills of the workforce.
10.School-to-work apprenticeship programmes: The transition from school or college to work can be long and difficult.
Germany's apprenticeship programme equips nearly 70 per cent of all teenagers with employable skills before they enter the workforce.
Two-thirds of the UK workforce have no vocational or professional qualification, compared with only 25 per cent in Germany.
There is growing support in the United States for establishment of a national youth apprenticeship training programme that combines classroom schooling with on-the-job skills training to ensure a smooth transition to employment for those who do not pursue higher education.
11.Link demilitarization to urban employment: The military possesses both the expertise and the physical infrastructure for training large numbers of people in a wide range of technical, vocational and social skills.
Building upon success ful US Defence Department programmes that re-deploy soldiers to assist troubled inner city youth, closed military bases can be converted into large training centres operated by military teaching staff for instructing and housing urban unemployed youth during an apprenticeship period.
12.Promote integrated urban development programmes: The Atlanta Project is a bold attempt to evolve a new type of organization to address the problems of inner city poverty and unemployment.
The inner city of Atlanta, Georgia, has been divided into clusters in which members of the local community work closely with the staff of major corporations, voluntary agencies, religious groups and a wide range of government agencies to identify and promote employment opportunities and other poverty-alleviation activities.
13.Promote organizational innovation: In recent years, large firms have made significant strides in improving their speed, efficiency and flexibility of response to changing market conditions by restructuring operations into independent companies and autonomous profit-centres.
Small firms need to develop new types of organizations to help them acquire some of the benefits of larger size.
An innovative experiment has been launched by two dozen small precision-manufacturing, defence contractors in the state of Kansas, with the support of the US Defence Department, to combine their technical, organizational and marketing resources for diversification into non-defence production.
Initiatives of this type can help strengthen the 12,000 small tool and die-making companies in the United States as well as millions of other small companies in other industries and other countries.
14.National service organizations: National service programmes can be very successful vehicles for providing training and valuable work experience to youth before they enter the labour market.
Service in activities designed to improve education, health and the environment can be of immense benefit to the country, while slowing the pace of new entrants to the workforce.
The United States recently established AmeriCorps to strengthen and expand service and educational opportunities by providing educational grants to youth in exchange for community service in the fields of education, environment, human services and public safety.
Participants receive a limited wage while serving, plus a post-service educational award for higher education.
15.Pay the unemployed to work, rather than not work: The high costs of welfare programmes, the negative incentives they provide to job seekers and the harmful psychological consequences of unemployment can be mitigated by modifying welfare programmes to require that the able-bodied unemployed either train or work in exchange for welfare payments.
The type of work given may be varied depending on both the qualifications and the training needs of the individual – for example, as assistants in child education, or care for children and the elderly, or environmental protection.
If properly administered, these programme have proved successful in reducing costs, imparting new skills and identifying false welfare claims.
Redirect welfare expenses for creating jobs, rather than encouraging idleness, by paying welfare recipients to carry out public service activities in return for welfare payments.
This requires the identification of employment-intensive programmes that provide clear benefit to the community without interfering with existing business, such as the US Civilian Conservation Corps that built the US National Parks system in the 1930s.
Expanding or upgrading the educational system would be a priority area.
16.Make income distribution more equitable: The number of jobs available is directly related to patterns of income distribution.
In Japan and other dynamic Asian economies, the ratio between the bottom and top pay is as much as 5 or 10 times lower than in the United States.
A highly skewed income distribution results in lower levels of overall demand, growth and job creation.
Lopsided income distribution fuels speculative investment, more and more of which goes overseas.
The average wages for production workers in the United States are the lowest they have been since 1967, with 18 per cent of full-time workers not earning enough to keep a family of four out of poverty, up from 12 per cent in 1979.
Income redistribution in the industrialized countries requires structural adjustments similar to those which the West has advocated for developing countries.
A 'maximum wage' law can be introduced, requiring firms to pay taxes on exorbitant executive compensation.
Agenda for a Global Employment Programme
Employment is a global problem that cannot be fully solved by individual countries in isolation.
Policy measures at the national level influence trade and investment flows and employment rates in other countries.
Economic growth and expansion of employment in one country enhance employment opportunities in other countries as well.
Therefore, co ordination of policies is in the interests of the global community.
A comprehensive and coordinated international effort is called for to improve the global climate for economic growth and job creation by evolving stable and supportive policies to regulate capital flows, foreign trade, debt, commodity pricing, immigration and labour movements, transfer of technology, investment, military spending and the arms trade.
We set forth below a broad policy framework to stimulate global job growth with the aim of achieving full employment early in the twenty-first century.
1.World Employment Programme: Raising incomes and creating jobs in the developing countries is the best way to promote global economic growth and employment generation in the coming decades.
The World Summit on Social Development should call for a comprehensive World Employment Programme to stimulate more rapid growth in developing countries as an engine for global economic expansion.
The International Labour Organization has operated a programme for the past two decades, but solution of the employment problem requires an integrated approach that transcends the scope of any single international agency.
The programme should establish specific objectives and co ordinate efforts to stimulate international investment, increase labour market flexibility, promote productive skills, diffuse technology, eliminate protectionist trade policies that retard growth, increase trade between developing countries, and promote international cooperation on taxation systems to encourage more labour-oriented tax codes.
2.Coordination of macro-economic policies: The efforts of the industrial nations to achieve higher rates of economic growth and job creation are stymied by the need to maintain macro-economic stability at the same time.
Due to the competition between OECD members to attract financial resources, rising interest rates or falling inflation rates in one country influence the inflow and outflow of financial resources from other members of the community.
The efforts to curb inflation at the expense of slower economic growth and job creation need not be so rigorous, if OECD members more closely coordinated their policies to support macro-economic expansion.
A modest, relatively uniform rise in inflation rates within the OECD would not then result in a significant movement of resources or fluctuation in exchange rates.
3.Shift investment from defence to education and training: Reduce global defence spending by an additional 50 per cent before the end of the decade to below a maximum threshold of $400 billion.
Invest at least 10 per cent of the global savings from defence cuts in education and training.
4.Liberalize agricultural and textile exports: Utilize agriculture as an engine of industrialization, international trade and employment generation by reducing the barriers to a major expansion of agricultural production and exports from and between developing countries.
More than two billion people in developing countries, representing about 35 per cent of the entire world's population, are dependent on agriculture as a primary source of livelihood.
This compares with 45 million people in industrial countries, which represents less than 1 per cent of the world's population.
Agriculture is the most heavily protected sector of world trade.
In 1991 the industrial nations spent more than $180 billion on agricultural subsidies to support their farm populations, which is three times the total world overseas development assistance.
These subsidies cost Western consumers another $135 billion annually in terms of higher food costs.
Agricultural protectionism in the North not only places powerful constraints on exports from developing countries, but also directly interfere with the livelihood of one-third of the entire human race living in developing countries.
The elimination of the system of quotas and subsidies to Western farmers can dramatically reduce the budget deficits of industrial nations and bring down food prices, while stimulating large-scale expansion of agriculture, industrialization and job growth in developing countries.
Existing trade barriers by the industrial nations to textile exports cost developing countries an estimated $50 billion annually.
The complete elimination of these barriers could result in a doubling of textile exports by developing countries.
This labour-intensive industry can be another engine for job creation in developing countries and rising demand for technology and capital goods from the industrial nations.
The progressive reduction, leading to the eventual elimination, of barriers to trade in agricultural products and textiles is an important step that can substantially improve the employment opportunities of people in developing countries.
5.Improve access to markets: The most important structural change in the world economy over the past 35 years has been the five-fold increase in the world share of manu factured exports gained by the developing countries as a group, up from 4 per cent to 19 per cent, compared with a current market share of about 13 per cent each of the United States and for Japan.
Although 54 per cent of these manufactures come from five top exporting countries, a large number of countries export more than $1 billion in this category annually.
This has opened the door for self-reliant growth in many developing countries.
This growth could have been considerably more impressive but for constraints placed on it by both tariff and, particularly, non-tariff barriers.
The latter have proliferated in recent decades and affected almost half of OECD imports during the 1980s.
By the end of 1990, there were more than 200 export-constraint arrangements involving product groups of impor tance to developing countries.
The incidence of anti-dumping cases against developing countries rose substantially in the late 1980s.
The more recent effort by the industrial nations to impose 'fair labour standards' on exports from developing countries could well become another form of constraint, unless carefully formulated to focus on the basic rights of workers, rather than on arbitrary minimum wage levels.
Efforts to accelerate the dismantling of both trade and non-trade barriers should be viewed as a central element of a global strategy to stimulate employment generation.
6.Debt repayments: The debt problem is a major obstacle to the development and welfare of at least 60 heavily indebted, developing countries, including two-thirds of the world's poorest nations.
Most of these countries suffered a decline in per capita income over the past decade and are now in arrears with more than 20 per cent of their debt obligations.
The debt burden discourages new foreign investment and lending to these coun tries and prevents them from stimulating economic growth through additional domestic savings and investment.
International debt relief has helped ten, mostly middle-income, debtor countries significantly reduce their commercial debt.
Past actions to relieve the debt burden on low-income countries have been relatively small in relation to the amount of debt, which has continued to rise under the combined impact of accumulated interest arrears on old loans, falling export commodity prices, and new compensatory loans, frequently given on expensive terms.
Unrealistic pressure to repay debt undermines debtors' capacity for constructive initiative.
Past experience has shown that mere debt rescheduling in these countries does not solve the problem and may in fact aggravate it.
The extent of the problem is reflected in the heavily discounted prices of the debts of countries with low and lower-middle incomes in the secondary market and in negotiated buy-outs of the debt owed to commercial creditors.
In 1993, the average market price of the debt was about 30 cents on the dollar.
This market discount was a major factor in the decision to scale down the debt of Latin American countries by an average of 15 per cent and of Egypt and Poland by 50 per cent.
The aggregate debt of the 61 debt-affected countries with low and lower-middle income is roughly equal to that of the half-dozen mostly middle-income countries assisted under the Brady Plan.
Scaling down the debt of these poor countries by an average of 70 per cent would be appropriate in view of their economic plight, though the actual reduction would have to be negotiated on a case by case basis.
In order to be of sufficient magnitude, debt reduction should be applied to all three major classes of creditors: bilateral official creditors, private sector lenders and international organizations.
Debt reduction should be linked to each country's specific programmes for poverty eradication and meeting the minimum needs of the people.
7.Commodity prices: The problem of debt is closely linked to that of international commodity prices.
The majority of developing countries are dependent on the export of primary products for their welfare and growth.
These products account for 80–90 per cent of the exports of African countries, and 65 per cent in the case of Latin American nations.
The extreme price volatility of commodity markets is especially damaging to low-income countries, which, regardless of the price, are forced to sell their products to meet minimum needs and pay debts.
The obligation of the poorest developing countries to repay debts forces them to produce and export excessive quantities of basic commodities, which has been a principal cause of falling commodity prices.
The more these countries export, the faster prices fall, making it impossible to generate sufficient funds for debt repayment by this means, which is often the only source of foreign exchange available to them.
Distress sales by the poorest countries force even financially stronger countries to drop their prices in order to maintain market share, which encourages buyers to postpone purchases in expectation of still-lower prices.
The growth of agricultural incomes in developing countries is critically important to global job creation and economic growth.
The expansion of agricultural exports under the new GATT agreement is likely to exacerbate the falling commodity price syndrome to the great detriment of the entire world economy, unless effective mechanisms are introduced to stabilize international commodity prices.
Of the many efforts in the past, some were tried and failed, many were proposed but never implemented.
The recent success of coffee-producing countries in lifting prices from a disastrously low level has been an exception to the rule.
Collective and coordinated international action is essential to address this problem.
Despite past failures, new efforts must be made to revive international commodity agreements, preferably covering both producing and consuming countries.
This will be possible only if developing countries first arrive at a consensus approach among themselves, including the economic costs and benefits, and a financing plan.
Financing for international commodity stocks could be supplied partly by producer countries in the form of building national stocks under collective supervision.
Partly, it could come from bank commercial loans against commodity collateral, loans from regional development banks, the World Bank and IMF's Buffer Stock Facility, which has remained almost unused.
8.Technology transfer: Accelerate transfer of technology to and between developing countries.
One or more profit-making commercial organizations should be established as a public sector joint venture of developing countries to promote the commercial transfer of technology to, within and between developing countries and to channel the profits from this activity toward research in these countries.
9.Global employment model: Our efforts to promote employment are constrained by a lack of detailed knowledge of how global labour markets actually work.
We still do not understand the impact of technology, trade, macro-economic policies, multinational corporations, shifting patterns of foreign investment and many other factors on job creation, and our ignorance severely hampers effective policy formulation and coordination.
An international research programme should be organized under the ILO to construct a truly global employment model that monitors the impact of technological developments, expanding world trade, plant closings, movement of industry to low-wage countries, agriculture-led industrialization, economic growth, immigration policies, refugee movements and other factors affecting employment opportunities around the world.
10.Shift focus of technological development: The number of jobs created or destroyed by technology depends on the priority given to various objectives in the process of technological development.
Presently, there is an in-built bias in technological R & D towards replacing human labour with capital and energy, even when similar levels of quality and efficiency could be achieved by alternative means.
A conscious shift of focus could lead to the development of more labour-intensive production processes.
The production of more food to meet the needs of a burgeoning population has been one of the outstanding global achievements of the post-war period.
It has demonstrated the extraordinary capacity of humankind to meet a collective challenge of monumental proportions.
It has harnessed the power of science and technology for the most cherished of purposes – preserving human lives.
It has released the initiative and pride of long suppressed peoples to achieve self-sufficiency and determine their own destinies.
It has finally lifted the suffocating blanket of pessimistic economic determinism that has stifled human hopes and aspirations for nearly 200 years since Thomas Malthus first set forth the thesis that human population will always outrun the growth of food production, thus ensuring the perpetual poverty of humankind.
The remarkable achievements of countries such as India, which at a time when famine threatened to claim millions of lives launched a massive national programme that increased foodgrain production by three-quarters, and China, which nearly doubled food grain production over the last two decades, are outstanding testaments to the accomplishments of people in many countries.
Worldwide, production increases in major cereal crops are estimated to have provided enough food for more than a billion people.
Food has become a symbol of our collective human endeavour to create a better world for all.
But the victory has been partial and neither the challenge nor the opportunity which food presents have been fully addressed.
It is of crucial importance not only to the poor, but also to the peace and stability of global society that we complete the task of banishing famine and hunger once and for all.
Hunger anywhere threatens peace everywhere.
Hunger leads to political instability, social unrest, massive migrations, rebellions, civil war, crime and violence.
Prosperity, which eliminates hunger, also tends to eliminate violence.
Even in war-ravaged Africa, experience shows that where food is plentiful, war is avoided.
The converse is also true.
Historically, war and civil strife have been the single greatest cause of famines.
In addition to destroying crops and food supplies, it disrupts food distribution through the use of sieges and blockades.
In the past decade, war has had a greater impact on food supplies in Africa, particularly the Sahelian region, than have the severe droughts that periodically plague the continent.
Freedom from hunger and political freedom go hand in hand.
As subsistence agriculture and periodic famine were the economic foundations of monarchy and feudalism, the generation of agricultural surpluses that stimulated commercialism, and later industrialization, have formed the basis for the rise of democratic institutions.
Greater freedom for individual action and ownership both stimulate and are supported by greater productivity in agriculture.
Authoritarian government is frequently either the result or the cause of food shortages – its use of force justified on the one hand to meet a crisis situation or necessitated on the other to restore order and initiate emergency measures.
Only under democracy is government compelled to pay attention to the needs of people at the lowest levels of society.
The dual pressures of a free press and electoral system have helped a free and democratic India to avoid famine for nearly 50 years, despite the recurring incidence of widespread famine in previous centuries, up to as recently as four years before the country gained independence.
Even in China, which appears to be a blatant contradiction of this thesis, it was the liberalization of the agricultural sector and greater freedom given to the peasant community that were responsible for the remarkable increase in food production.
For countries still at an early stage of political development, where government lacks even the force of authority to govern, the first essential steps may necessarily be toward greater centralized authority and control, a common stage in the political evolution of the nation state.
But that central authority cannot release the full initiative of its farmers or tap the full potentials of agriculture without first instituting broader democratic measures.
Recent events in Eastern Europe demonstrate that where states attempt to use authority as the lever for agricultural development, the achievements are likely to be limited and short-lived.
The inability of the authoritarian system to produce enough food for its people was one of the major factors contributing to its downfall.
Democracy is the most potent fertilizer to ensure food security at the household level.
ICPF was founded at a time when a consensus was emerging worldwide that drastic steps were needed to wipe out the hunger and famine that were ravaging parts of the developing world and afflicting to a lesser extent poorer sections of the industrial nations.
Recognizing that the problem of food was inextricably intertwined with the problems of peace, political and social stability, and employment, and that no comprehensive solution to one was possible without substantial progress on the others, it was our hope and intention that this growing consensus on food could be harnessed to accelerate progress on arms control and disarmament.
Ironically, events have unfolded in the reverse sequence.
Rapid progress has been made during the intervening years to reduce international tensions, but little has yet been done effectively to address the food issue.
Now that opportunity is before us and compels us to act, for without significant progress on abolishing hunger from the earth, our efforts at arms control and peace making may come to naught.
Increasing the availability of food and jobs form essential components of a comprehensive strategy to eradicate hunger, poverty and violence from the world.
Food Security
Despite great achievements in the post-war period, we live in a world of persistent hunger amidst plenty.
Presently, around 800 million people living in 46 countries are malnourished and 40,000 die every day of hunger and hunger-related diseases.
Widespread famine currently threatens nine African countries, where the lives of 20 million people are at risk.
Hunger and famine are usually associated with a physical shortage of food.
Yet, even where food supplies are adequate, absence of opportunities for gainful employment to generate the purchasing power needed to buy food can result in hunger.
Lack of food and employment are the basis for the poverty that still afflicts one-fifth of humankind.
When it comes to food there can be no justification or excuse – everyone must have enough to eat, and can have enough.
A world dedicated to upholding the political rights and property rights of nations and individuals cannot fail to recognize and enforce the most fundamental of all human rights – the right to live.
Contrary to the fears raised in earlier centuries and revived in recent decades, today the world does possess the capacity to feed everyone, even at current levels of food production – subject as it is to disincentives, quotas, restrictions and trade barriers that food surplus countries impose to curtail food production, while other nations remain in perpetual deficit.
In spite of a doubling of population in the developing countries since 1960, their average food supplies have increased from 1950 calories to 2475 calories per capita per day, or from an average of 90 per cent to 107 per cent of the minimum caloric requirement.
During the past 12 years alone, per capita food production in developing countries has risen by 15 per cent.
Overall, the proportion of people in developing countries suffering from hunger and mal nutrition has dropped dramatically both in relative and absolute terms, from 941 million people constituting 36 per cent of the population of these nations in 1970 to 781 million constituting less than 20 per cent of the population in 1990.
Current projections indicate that the growth rate in world agricultural output will continue to exceed population growth over the next two decades.
By 2010, food grain production is expected to reach four times the level in 1960.
Increased production of other food crops is expected to raise per capita availability in the developing world to 2700 calories per day.
Per capita meat production is expected to grow by 60 per cent and milk production by 20 per cent.
During the same period, malnutrition is projected to decline to 640 million persons, constituting 11.6 per cent of the population of developing countries, a little over half the level in 1990.
Yet the achievements have not been uniform throughout the developing world.
Per capita food production has actually declined in more than half of all developing countries over the past 15 years.
In 18 countries with high rates of population growth, primarily in Africa, it has been deteriorating for the past three decades.
While the Near East, North Africa, East Asia and Latin America/Caribbean regions are expected to achieve average food supplies of 3,000 calories per day by 2010, 200 million people will still be malnourished in South Asia and 300 million, or one-third of the population of sub-Saharan Africa, will suffer from severe food deficits.
Due to rapidly expanding population, agricultural production in sub-Saharan Africa would have to grow at four per cent annually in order significantly to improve per capita availability of food.
Thus far, only East Asia has sustained such high growth rates in agriculture, averaging 6.1 per cent from 1970 to 1990.
This trend, if not halted and reversed, casts a renewed spell of gloom over the hopes of hundreds of millions of people to escape from hunger, and over all our hopes for peace in the twenty-first century.
The projection of future prospects based on past trends is especially questionable with regard to food.
Not even some of the most prominent agricultural economists expected the gains in food production which have occurred in the past several decades.
An international team of experts visiting India in 1963 projected a mere 10 per cent growth in foodgrain production by 1970, whereas growth actually achieved during this period was 50 per cent.
Neither technological, nor financial nor natural resources pose insurmountable obstacles to achieving dramatically more over the next 15 years than is indicated by past trends or current projections.
The idea that hunger cannot be conquered because we are running out of land to support rapidly burgeoning populations is contradicted by the facts.
Globally, there is no correlation between population density and hunger.
China, with only half as much arable land per capita as India, produces 13 per cent more foodgrains per capita.
Taiwan and South Korea have only half the farmland per capita of Bangladesh, yet they produce 40 per cent more food per capita.
Tiny Netherlands, with the highest population density in the world, produces more than sufficient food to feed itself and remain a large net food exporter.
Currently 11 per cent of the world’s land surface is used for agricultural crops, just 4 per cent more than in 1960.
A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.
There would be severe practical obstacles to such a vast expansion of croplands, but these findings suggest that physical limitations to food production are not the primary constraints.
A more commonly accepted estimate indicates that the world’s land and water used for agriculture could more than double.
Agriculture’s Dual Role
Achieving food security necessitates increasing food production and employment opportunities.
Agriculture plays a dual role in the abolition of hunger – it produces the food and it can also produce a great many of the jobs needed by households to buy food in developing countries.
Since agriculture is the world’s single largest employer, raising production and productivity in this sector can immediately place additional purchasing power in the hands of the rural poor, who will in turn utilize the additional income for purchasing more food, clothing and other basic consumer goods that will create more jobs and higher incomes for countless others.
The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.
This is the rationale behind the Prosperity 2000 strategy for India, which forms a viable model for many other countries to emulate.
Promoting job creation in agriculture appears at first glance to contradict the global trend of the past hundred years, in which employment in this sector has declined steadily from historic highs of more than 70 per cent in the industrial nations to the point where, today, only 2 per cent of the workforce in the UK, 3 per cent in the USA and 4 per cent in Germany are directly engaged in farm operations, although a much larger percentage of the workforce in these countries work in businesses and industries linked to agriculture.
Nevertheless, this strategy follows a natural course of development that has occurred in many countries which now have a relatively small portion of their workforce in agriculture.
Agricultural surpluses and rising farm incomes are preconditions and stimuli to economic growth and industrialization.
For most developing countries with the vast majority of people still residing in rural areas, the most cost-effective and practical strategy to generate more jobs and raise personal incomes is through agriculture.
Today, more than 1.1 billion people in developing countries, constituting 58 per cent of the economically active population, work in agriculture.
The decline in proportion of the workforce in this sector must necessarily be gradual.
An employment strategy which generates a large number of new jobs in the non-farm rural sector could contribute substantially to diversification of rural employment opportunities.
A similar strategy has proved highly effective as an engine for growth in a number of East Asian countries, which employed crop-intensive and labour-intensive technologies to achieve increasing levels of employment and productivity in agriculture.
Empirical evidence from these countries confirms that wherever agriculture becomes prosperous, labour becomes scarce.
Between 1952 and 1968, land reform in Taiwan increased the number of cultivators five-fold, leading to dramatic increases in output and productivity, a shift from foodgrains to higher value-added fruit and vegetable crops, and the creation of more than 100,000 jobs in post-harvest and processing activities.
These changes in employment led to enhanced rural incomes and purchasing power, growing domestic demand for goods and services, including manufactured goods, and further job growth.
Land reform in South Korea during the early 1950s increased the number of owner cultivators from 50 per cent to 90 per cent and led to a 4.7 per cent annual growth in labour productivity per hectare over a 15-year period.
Then, as agricultural technology improved and industrialization gained momentum, the proportion of South Korea’s workforce engaged in agriculture fell from 55 per cent to under 16 per cent over the following three decades.
Thailand, which has had the fastest growth of the East Asian economies in recent years and still employs 70 per cent of its workforce in agriculture, has also attained high rates of production and employment in the rural sector through diversification in agriculture from traditional cultivation of rice and rubber to high-value crops and agro-based industries.
Economic Potential of Increasing Demand for Food and Agricultural Products
There are powerful social forces active in the world today that can stimulate significantly greater growth in both food demand and food production.
Liberalization of world trade, especially trade in agricultural products; emphasis on aggressive strategies to expand employment opportunities in developing and developed countries; advances in technology for agricultural production, food processing and dissemination of information; rising levels of education, which spur rising expectations; and the energizing impact of democratization – all these factors can substantially raise growth rates in supply and demand for food above those currently projected for the next two decades.
Current projections, made at a time when Eastern Europe was in the depth of its transition crisis, would also prove too conservative if demand were to recover more rapidly in some of these countries.
Already Russia’s cocoa imports have risen to four times the level in 1991.
The gap between the availability of food in industrial nations and in developing countries remains large.
Food supplies per capita for all developing countries, measured in terms of total calories available, are only 72 per cent of the levels in the industrial countries.
The availability of protein for consumption is 40 per cent lower in developing countries than in industrial nations.
Viewed from another perspective, this gap represents a huge potential for the growth of agriculture, and through it for more rapid industrialization and job creation in developing countries, with rising exports from industrial nations.
Rising incomes are accompanied by a diversification in diet which generates greater demand for wheat, meat and dairy products, fish, vegetables, fruits and processed foods.
Projections for the year 2010 anticipate a 60 per cent increase in cereal consumption in developing countries, a 52 per cent increase in meat consumption, and a 69 per cent increase in milk consumption.
Meat consumption in China has tripled since 1978 and is expected to more than double again over the next two decades.
Sugar consumption in developing countries is currently less than half the average of industrial nations.
In India, sugar consumption is projected to rise from 13 kg to more than 25 kg, generating a demand for a 100 per cent increase in sugar cane production, the establishment of 300 to 400 new sugar mills in the country and the creation of 3 to 4 million new jobs in this industry alone.
Worldwide, raising the average level of sugar consumption in developing countries could generate tens of millions of additional jobs in agriculture, industry and services.
Viewing the future demand for food from this perspective reveals a tremendous opportunity.
Vast sections of humanity now aspire to the higher quantity, wider variety and greater nutritional content of food once consumed only by the wealthy.
An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.
In order to meet the people’s nutritional requirements for fruit and vegetables, India’s production of these crops needs to double within the next decade.
Achieving that high level will generate more than six million new jobs in the country.
Broadening the scope to include other agricultural products, particularly textiles, the potential for accelerating global economic growth by an agriculture-led strategy is even greater.
Cotton is a crop with a very high income and employment multiplier effect.
Per capita cotton consumption in poorer developing countries such as India is less than half the level in China and less than a third the level in industrial nations.
Measures of the gap between the prevailing levels of nutrition in developing countries and the levels achieved in the West reveal a huge potential for increasing demand for agricultural production, which can serve as an engine to drive the growth of the world economy.
Extrapolation from ICPF’s studies of the employment potential of expanding agricultural production in India suggests that more than one billion jobs can be created worldwide through a strategy that focuses on raising agricultural productivity as an engine for improving diets, employment and industrialization.
Challenges in Agriculture
The ratio of growth of foodgrain production to population growth has entered into a period of decline over the past decade – increasing at just one per cent per year compared to three per cent during the previous two decades.
There is a similar trend for other staple crops and meat.
For fish, there has actually been a net decline of seven per cent in per capita world production.
To a large extent, this slowdown is the result of slower growth in demand, especially in industrial countries, under lining the fact that food security is predominantly an economic problem rather than a technological one.
But the decline in the growth of global agricultural productivity over the past decade is also attributable to a variety of political, economic and environmental factors.
Political priority
After the Second World War, developing countries that had suffered from recurring famine in early periods struggled to increase food production as an urgent national priority to keep up with surging population growth and spiralling demand for food.
India’s Green Revolution was spurred by the imminent threat of severe famine in the mid-1960s.
China was compelled to produce more food by the loss of perhaps as many as 30 or 40 million lives to famine in the late 1950s.
But the very motive which stimulated these achievements moderated them as well.
For while these governments took concerted steps to meet the minimum needs of the population for food, they tended to overlook the equally great potential to utilize agriculture as an engine for economic growth and job creation.
Once minimum food needs were met, attention was diverted to other sectors of the economy.
Politically, the elimination of the famine threat arising from food shortages is one of the reasons for slower growth in agricultural productivity in recent years.
This has resulted in a marked decline in investment by developing countries in government-sponsored agricultural research and rural techno-infrastructure.
This tendency has been compounded by the false notion that in order to achieve economic growth, new jobs must be created in industry and services.
Economic policy
The resurgence of faith in the free market and liberalized trade has placed developing countries under increasing pressure from donors and international financial institutions to abandon special types of economic assistance to the agricultural sector in the form of subsidies for supply of critical inputs such as fertilizer and seeds and price supports for marketable crops.
This pressure has recently been aggravated by the impact of structural adjustment programmes that usually involve drastic reduction in government subsidies.
In Ghana, for instance, the cost of fertilizer as a percentage of total cultivation cost has risen ten-fold in recent years.
The impact of macro-economic reforms on agriculture has been most severe in the countries of Eastern and Central Europe, where production in this sector has fallen drastically over the past few years.
Technology
Slower growth in productivity can be attributed to a slowdown in the development of improved hybrid varieties, shortages of quality seeds and fertilizers, and the absence of techno-infrastructure facilities needed for storage and processing, expansion of markets, transport and distribution.
Environment
A number of factors are posing serious obstacles to productivity growth and threaten even current levels of production.
Of the poor, 80 per cent in Latin America, 60 per cent in Asia and 50 per cent in Africa live on marginal land of low productivity and high susceptibility to environmental degradation.
Raising productivity on these lands can be extremely difficult.
Quality farmlands are being lost at an astonishing rate to diversion for non-farm uses, desertification, deforestation, soil erosion, and the depletion and pollution of water resources.
These factors have resulted in the degradation of nearly one billion hectares worldwide since the Second World War.
In addition, climatic changes resulting from the increased emission of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere are expected to exert additional negative impact over the long term, the extent of which is difficult to assess.
Opportunities in Agriculture
Rapid and sustained expansion of food and agricultural production cannot be achieved without concerted efforts to address these factors.
At the same time there are a number of positive factors that offer opportunities to increase productivity significantly in the near to middle term.
Closing the productivity gap
A survey comparing the levels of productivity for major crops between countries reveals a wide disparity between proven technological potentials and actual field results for every crop.
Cereal yields in Western Europe and North America average 4.5 tons per hectare, compared to three tons in Asia, 2.3 tons in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, two tons in Latin America and slightly more than one ton in Africa.
The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) projects a 40 per cent increase in wheat yields in 92 developing countries, excluding China, by 2010.
In rice, countries with widely differing climatic conditions, such as Australia, Korea, Egypt, Spain, Japan and Italy, achieve average yields nearly double the world average and two to three times the yields achieved in countries such as India, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand.
Total rice yields in 92 developing countries are expected to rise to 37 per cent by 2010.
Maize yields in Greece, Chile, Austria, Italy and Germany average more than double the world average, and five to six times the averages achieved in large maize-producing countries such as India.
Even comparing areas under irrigated maize, average yields range from 1.5 to 8.4 tons per hectare.
New varieties of maize are under development that yield 30 per cent more grain in a drought season than conventional varieties.
They could be especially effective in lowland tropics, including much of Africa.
Potato yields in Belgium and the Netherlands are roughly three times the world average.
This productivity gap between what is routinely achieved by different countries represents a vast immediate potential for improving yields that does not require significant additional investment of time or money in R & D. The world already possesses the knowledge, technology and organizational capacities to raise considerably average world yields in major crops.
Emphasizing cultivation practices
The phenomenal increases in productivity achieved over the past three decades through the development of improved and hybrid varieties of seeds have over shadowed and distracted attention from the equally great potential of raising yields through improvements in methods of cultivation.
This is especially true since much of the slowdown in productivity growth is attributable to depletion of soil and water resources, which can be partially rectified or offset by improved practices.
Growing environmental concerns in the West have generated pressure for reducing fertilizer consumption in developing countries, when in most instances fertilizer application levels are lower than those in Western Europe by a factor of five or ten times.
Increased, rather than reduced, use of chemical fertilizers will be essential to the expansion of agriculture in these countries and can considerably increase crop yields.
Total fertilizer consumption by developing countries is expected to double by 2010.
Furthermore, replacing macro-nutrients lost during intensive cultivation does not compensate for the depletion of more than a dozen micro-nutrients that also determine the quantity and quality of crops.
Even in such agriculturally diverse countries as the United States and India, it has been demonstrated that better management of micro-nutrients can raise productivity substantially – in some intensively cultivated areas by as much as 50 to 100 per cent or more in a wide variety of crops – without significant changes in the structure or method of cultivation.
Greater attention is needed to conserving and applying organic sources of manure and raising nitrogen-fixing crops, as well as to the use of bio-fertilizers.
Unlike the creation of new irrigated lands, the application of such environmentally sustainable field practices is neither very costly nor technology-intensive, and can be widely propagated through improvements in agricultural training and extension.
Increasing exports
Over the next six years, the agreements reached during the Uruguay Round of GATT negotiations are expected to reduce the tariffs levied by the industrial nations on agricultural products by 37 per cent and on tropical food exports by 43 per cent.
Developing countries will cut agricultural tariffs by an average of 24 per cent.
In addition, North American and Western European countries have agreed to cut agricultural subsidies by one-third.
Together these cuts are expected to result in a 20 per cent rise in exports of agricultural and processed foods by 2005.
The share of developing countries in this increase has been estimated at $20 billion to $60 billion annually.
Increased trade can act as a strong stimulus to the growth of agricultural, agro-industrial and rural employment, provided that these countries respond dynamically to the opportunity by raising productivity and strengthening rural infrastructure for storage, processing and distribution.
However, rising demand within developing countries themselves will limit overall growth of exports, and increasing exports will push up domestic food prices, unless much greater priority is given to matching production with opportunities for home and external trade.
Increased private investment
The modernization of the farm sector greatly needs the investment, technology, professional management and marketing expertise which private firms can bring.
Wherever land reforms have resulted in the division of farms into small parcels, farmers need to be supported by well-organized services, particularly for post-harvest handling, provided either by companies or co-operatives.
Economic liberalization offers expanded opportunities for private enterprise to work with small producers in a wide range of agro-industries to combine the social benefits of small holdings with the economies and marketing expertise of corporate management.
The contract system of agricultural production introduced in backward regions of Thailand has enabled small farmers to work closely with private businesses to produce labour-intensive, value-added crops, with technology, training and marketing provided by the companies, resulting in a rapid rise of farm incomes and job opportunities.
Developing countries possess significant advantages in terms of climate, year-round production and low labour costs that are conducive to foreign investment.
With private capital flows on the rise, there is an opportunity for developing countries to upgrade technology and obtain direct access to foreign markets by providing a conducive atmosphere for foreign investments and collaborations in agri-business ventures, such as hybrid seed production, flowers, processed fruit and vegetables, fresh and salt water aquaculture, and sericulture.
Shift from commodity-based to resource-based planning
The responsibility of governments to achieve dramatic increases in foodgrain production to keep pace with population growth naturally led to a commodity-based approach to agricultural development in many developing countries.
Governments projected demand, set production targets for specific crops, and instituted programmes to help farmers produce the food needed to meet the minimum needs of the population.
But once shortages are eliminated, the focus on specific commodities becomes a barrier to further agricultural development, because it retards diversification into more profitable commercial crops.
Contrary to free market theory, farmers in many countries have tended to continue production of traditional crops, even when prices have fallen in response to increased supplies.
There is still a need for government to educate and encourage farmers to adopt resource-based planning, oriented to national and international market potentials and based on principles of economics, employment and ecology.
Resource-based planning examines how the available land and water resources can best be utilized to achieve maximum and sustainable economic return to the farmer, which is only rarely the priority of governments in developing countries that tend to focus on production targets for specific commodities.
This shift can lead to diversification into commercial crops, such as fruit and vegetables, that generate significant increases in on-farm employment and incomes and act as a stimulus to downstream agro-industries.
From minimum needs to maximum potentials
The factors which have perpetuated commodity-based planning in agriculture have also fostered an emphasis on minimum targets, rather than maximum goals.
Often government has perceived that its responsibility was to ensure sufficient food to prevent famine, not maximum output and profitability.
Government machinery has proved effective in forcing through radical measures to disseminate new technology, seed and production methods in the face of crisis, but it usually lacks the driving impetus to work for the highest benefit of individual farmers.
The shift needed is for planners to study the potentials of the agricultural sector to serve as an engine for job creation and higher incomes, and as a stimulus to industrialization and exports, and then to formulate national goals to maximize exploitation of these potentials.
Integration of agriculture, marketing and processing
Conscious efforts can be made to foster the natural linkage between agricultural and industrial development by placing emphasis on crops that have the greatest potential for stimulating the growth of agro-industries, services and exports.
Filling in the missing links in the chain of processing and distribution, such as pre-cooling for fruit and vegetables, can enable small farmers to produce for national and export markets; it also results in higher at-farm prices and creates alternative forms of rural employment.
Empowerment of women
The vast majority of women living in rural areas are engaged in agriculture.
Therefore, upgrading productivity, skills and incomes in this sector is the single most effective means of improving the livelihood of women in developing countries.
Skill development programmes in areas such as hybrid seed production, floriculture, inland aquaculture, vegetables and poultry can be particularly beneficial.
Promotion of micro-level credit institutions and savings programmes can generate capital for the establishment by women of small rural enterprises.
FOOD SECURITY IN AFRICA
The present prognosis for Africa resembles the pessimistic assessment of Asia in the 1960s that projected most Asians would face starvation in the 1970s.
Over the past two decades, total food production in Africa has grown at exactly the same rate as for the world as a whole, but high levels of population growth have resulted in declining availability of food per capita in many countries, particularly in the sub-Saharan region.
This suggests that a grim outcome is not inevitable, if concerted action is taken now.
Several factors have impeded achievement of higher agricultural growth rates in the region: political instability and civil unrest, poor macro-economic and agricultural policies, drought, and physical difficulties in farming in some areas.
The ravages of war have had the most devastating effect, but inadequate and counter-productive policies have also had a major impact.
Low mandated prices for agricultural products have acted as a disincentive to producers.
State control of farm support systems, including marketing, transportation and input supply, is highly bureaucratic, inefficient, and, often, corrupt.
Overvalued exchange rates encourage the import of low-priced farm products, depress local farm incomes, and make exports uncompetitive.
Underdeveloped infrastructure results in high transport and marketing costs.
The slow rate of technological development and diffusion have slowed growth in agricultural productivity.
Irrigation potential is underdeveloped and poorly managed.
A major international commitment is needed to reverse the trends and end the famine threat in Africa.
The region possesses considerable potential that could be converted into higher rates of growth.
Africa has the world's largest reserve of arable land, one billion hectares, of which only 20 per cent is presently cultivated.
Fertilizer use in sub-Saharan Africa is very low relative to other developing countries.
Per hectare consumption averages just 13 per cent of the level in India and 3.5 per cent of the level in China.
Recent studies indicate that the area under irrigated crops could be expanded four to five times, primarily through small, private irrigation systems.
Improved farm systems have demonstrated that they can raise the yields of most crops in the region.
Changes in agricultural policy can improve the efficiency in factor and output markets, raise the incentives of private small farmers, and improve technology generation and dissemination.
Institutional reform can improve marketing and distribution services.
Investment in infrastructure can significantly lower marketing costs.
Indigenous technological capacities can be strengthened to develop location-specific technologies, rather than relying on direct material transfer of crop varieties unsuited to local conditions.
Greater emphasis on the training of local manpower can significantly improve the effectiveness of agricultural extension systems and integrated rural development projects.
Special Status of Agriculture
The obvious limitations of government-directed agricultural development, coupled with the resurgent popularity of free-market policies following the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe and the successful completion of the GATT negotiations, raise fundamental issues about the status of agriculture and the role of government in this sector.
Advocates of private enterprise contrast the failures of Eastern European agriculture with the achievements of the industrial nations as ample evidence of the free market’s superior capacity to achieve high levels of agricultural productivity.
Recently, international and bilateral financial institutions have promoted the market as the most effective instrument for managing agriculture throughout the world.
This view leaves two questions unanswered.
First, if the market is so effective, why is it that every major capitalist economy utilizes such a vast array of subsidies, incentives, controls, production quotas and fixed pricing mechanisms to govern production and trade in agricultural products?
Even after GATT, protection for this sector by industrial nations will remain high.
Second, granted that the market works effectively for mature capitalist societies with high levels of technology, education, productivity, living standards and food surpluses, and relatively small portions of the workforce dependent on agriculture, is the same necessarily true for countries at an earlier stage of development, in which (1) a majority of the workforce is dependent on agriculture for sustenance, (2) levels of education, productivity and incomes are low, and (3) any increase in food prices can have a devastating impact on food consumption levels in the country?
The answers to these questions are relevant both to the countries presently making the transition from centrally planned to market economies in Eastern Europe and to poorer developing countries striving to achieve food security.
Nations accord special status to their agricultural sector for several reasons.
Continuous supplies of food are absolutely essential to the welfare of the population.
Food prices are extremely sensitive to changes in the supply of foodstuffs.
Even a small increase or decrease in supply can lead to a very wide fluctuation in prices.
A bumper harvest can depress prices to the point of bankrupting large numbers of farmers.
A poor harvest can send food prices soaring beyond the purchasing power of large numbers of people.
Buffer stocks, subsidies and incentives are used to protect agriculture from sharp price fluctuations.
Al though the principles of free trade argue that countries should produce only those items in which they possess a competitive advantage and procure the rest from overseas, few nations are willing to entrust their food supply entirely or even substantially to foreign parties.
For decades Japan maintained trade barriers to keep the price of rice at more than six times the international level in order to protect and preserve domestic rice producers; the US government exports subsidized wheat; and the European Community sells subsidized milk powder and butter internationally at prices up to one-third below the domestic level.
The debate over the legitimate role of government in protection of the agricultural economy is partially a question of timing.
Market institutions and competitive strengths are normally built up over decades.
Advanced nations with highly mechanized and efficient agricultural sectors are in a much better position to withstand the impact of foreign competition than countries at an earlier stage of development.
Countries suffering from food deficits and those in the midst of radical economic reforms are ill-advised to make a sudden, wholesale shift to market mechanisms to stimulate growth of this sector.
ICPF strongly favours a movement towards the liberalization of world trade in agricultural products because it can be of immense benefit to job creation, industrialization, and economic growth in developing countries, and thereby act as a driving force for growth and employment generation in the industrial world as well.
The liberalization of domestic policies for this sector is also needed in developing countries where government controls and populist policies have often retarded growth of agriculture.
However, the timing and extent of these measures should be dictated by the relative strengths and needs of each particular country, not by strict adherence to any economic doctrine.
Role of Government
Agricultural subsidies and protection are subsets of a larger issue – the role of government in agricultural development.
The experience of the past four decades strongly supports the view that government can play a vital role in stimulating agriculture up to the stage where the rural economy demonstrates the dynamism needed to take off on its own.
Although the Green Revolution has been widely heralded as an achievement of modern technology, the hybrid seeds and chemical-based cultivation practices that formed the technological basis for the breakthrough in foodgrain production constitute only one part of a comprehensive, integrated development strategy in which government played a central and crucial role.
This strategy included massive, country-wide demonstration programmes to introduce farmers to new technology, the establishment of new public sector agencies for rapid multiplication and distribution of seeds, assured markets and guaranteed floor prices for foodgrains to eliminate fear that higher production would result in crashing prices, construction of additional storage capacity to house the increased production, import or manufacture of fertilizers, and, most importantly, for transport, distribution and marketing of surplus grains in food deficit areas.
Few developing countries – perhaps few countries at any stage of development – could have marshalled resources on such a massive scale and instituted such widespread changes so rapidly without heavy reliance on the government for both planning and execution.
In the majority of developing countries, government is still the most organized and efficient agency and the only one capable of such significant initiative.
In formulating strategies, it is essential to take fully into account both the stages and steps of the development process.
At this stage in their development, it is highly unlikely that food-deficit African nations can make rapid progress toward food self-sufficiency without strong government support and investment to improve technology, training, techno-infrastructure and trade.
Once the rural sector begins to exhibit its own dynamism, as in the majority of developing countries, there is strong justification for a shift in the role of government from that of prime mover, planner and controller of development to that of catalyst and pioneer.
Government agencies can tap the potentials of agriculture, identifying new commercial opportunities, educating farmers, demonstrating new potentials, assisting in the transfer and dissemination of new technology, and promoting the establishment of effective organizations – preferably privately or co-operatively owned by farmers or at least with their participation – to process, distribute and market what is produced.
Coping with the environmental problems to preserve the ecological foundations essential for sustainable agriculture is an area in which government has special responsibilities and must play a leading role on an ongoing basis.
Regulating the diversion of prime farm land for non-farm uses, expansion of irrigation capacity, control of groundwater exploitation, major programmes for reforestation and to prevent or reverse desertification, and regulation of pesticide use can only be effectively planned, monitored and regulated by governments.
Comprehensive Strategies
In this and previous chapters, we have tried to present an integrated perspective of the political, economic and technological factors that need to be taken into account in formulating a comprehensive approach to the issues of peace, food and employment.
In an effort to illustrate the potential efficacy of this approach in a country representing nearly 25 per cent of the world’s poor, ICPF conducted an in-depth country level study in India to evolve a strategy for stimulating massive increases in job growth and food production (see box pp.
122–24).
PROSPERITY 2000 STRATEGY FOR INDIA
The potential for accelerating job creation and increasing food production through a mix of the strategies discussed in this report is illustrated by the strategy which ICPF has proposed to achieve full employment in India and thereby to raise the entire population above the poverty line by generating additional employment opportunities for 100 million persons in the coming decade.
This strategy utilizes agriculture as an engine for growth by accelerating the development of commercial agriculture, agro-industry and agro-exports.
It calls for a shift in thinking concerning agriculture from production for survival and subsistence to production for maximum and sustainable profit, from emphasis on meeting minimum needs to realizing maximum potentials, from commodity-based to resource-based planning.
It seeks to tap the country's competitive advantage in labour-intensive agricultural crops and allied industries to double agricultural production - raising the annual growth rate to 4 per cent (versus 2.3 per cent in the 1980s) - achieve complete nutritional self-sufficiency, raise rural incomes and double India's total exports.
Creating new jobs through this low-cost strategy can be accomplished entirely with the country's own resources, though foreign firms will find investment in India's agro-industrial sector very attractive.
Initially, about half of the new jobs will be generated on farms by raising productivity through methods to improve management of micro-nutrients and water, expanding the total irrigated area by more complete utilization of the substantial additional capacity that has already been created, emphasis on more labour-intensive commercial crops such as sugar, cotton, fruit, flowers, and vegetables, sericulture, inland and coastal aquaculture, reclamation of wastelands for forestry and fodder, and increasing subsidiary incomes from animal husbandry and poultry.
The expansion and intensification of cultivation of these products will raise agricultural output by $25 billion and generate approximately 45 million equivalent full-time unskilled and semi-skilled jobs in agriculture for unemployed and under-employed farmers and landless labour.
The additional agricultural production will form raw material for expansion of rural industrialization and non-farm employment.
Another 10 million jobs will be created in downstream agro-industries located in rural areas - in sugar mills, cotton and textile mills, processing units for fruit, fish and silk, and in marketing and distribution - thus serving as a counter-magnet to urban migration.
Growth of agro-industry will stimulate demand for industrial machinery and services.
The multiplier effect of skyrocketing rural demand will stimulate demand in a broad range of consumer industries and create an estimated 45 million rural and urban jobs in industry and services.
Funding for the strategy would come from a mix of public sector and private sector investment.
The funding requirements are within the range of current five-year projections: 84 per cent of additional planned investment in agriculture and 25 per cent of additional planned expenditure in industry.
The average cost per additional job is less than $1,000, roughly one-tenth the average cost of jobs in India's private sector and one-hundredth the cost of new jobs in the public sector.
Implementation of the strategy will require a substantial investment in training of both on-farm and industrial workers, but the plan is based on the recognition that enhancing the skills of the nation's rural work-force will take time and must be done incrementally.
As the programme gains momentum and rural incomes rise, the demand for industrial products and services will grow, resulting in a shift to greater farm mechanization and gradual movement of more and more workers to non-farm employment.
Organization is a crucial issue in a country of more than 90 million small farmers.
The strategy envisions the establishment of several new types of organization to bring together small farmers for processing, marketing and distribution and to promote more active linkages between farmers and the private industrial sector, both Indian and foreign.
In order to implement such a massive strategy within a ten-year period, government must play a central role as catalyst and pioneer, rather than owner or manager, to generate widespread public awareness about the technological and commercial opportunities, identify optimal and sustainable resource-based potentials for specific regions, facilitate the transfer and dissemination of technology, provide training and demonstration, invest in the techno-infrastructure needed for transport, storage and distribution, offer management education to rural enterprises, and promote the establishment of new organizations.
The Prosperity 2000 strategy has been adopted by the Indian government and incorporated in India's Eighth Five Year Plan.
A Small Farmer's Agri-Business Consortium, a specialized agency for implementation of the strategy, has been established by the government to coordinate implementation.
In order to evolve a detailed methodology for implementation and to demonstrate the feasibility of the strategy model, district programmes are being organized in 12 districts around the country.
A detailed study of Pune District in the State of Maharashtra has documented the potential for creating 750,000 jobs through this strategy.
Extrapolation of these results suggests that the 100 million jobs that India needs to create and the 1 billion needed in the developing world are, indeed, achievable, provided that industrial countries adopt trade policies on agricultural products designed to enhance export opportunities for developing nations.
International Agenda for Food Security
The crucial importance of food security to world peace and economic development demands that the international community take collective responsibility and initiative to eradicate hunger and famine on a global basis as a complement to the initiatives of individual countries to deal with the problem domestically.
The growth of food production in developing countries can be accelerated dramatically by the application of resource-based, location-specific strategies that incorporate a proper blending of traditional and frontier technologies and integrate all the links in the chain of production, processing, transport and distribution.
Conditions vary too widely from country to country for detailed recommendations to be broadly applied.
However, a number of strategies are relevant to the majority of developing countries.
Some of the components of an Action Plan designed to achieve this goal are given below.
1.Elimination of agricultural trade barriers by industrial nations.
The agreements reached for liberalizing agricultural trade in the Uruguay Round of GATT are an important step forward, but they will not release the full dynamism of the agricultural sector, which is so critical for more rapid growth of incomes and employment in both developing and developed countries.
In the previous chapter, we have called for rapid reduction leading to a complete elimination of agricultural subsidies and other trade barriers by industrial nations, which can generate a positive multiplier effect.
It has been estimated that complete liberalization of trade in agricultural commodities would yield an annual gain (in 1992 dollars) of about $25 billion for OECD countries and $22 billion for developing and formerly centrally planned countries.
Actual gains could be very much higher.
These subsidies cost Western consumers several hundred billion dollars annually.
In addition, they lead to dumping of surplus sugar, cereal, milk and beef in developing countries, often pushing down the prices which farmers in these countries receive for their produce to far below their production cost.
The benefits of eliminating these subsidies would be multiple.
For instance, eliminating subsidies to sugar-beet growers and dairy farmers in Europe would stimulate greater demand, not only for imported sugar from developing countries, but also for cocoa, which combined with sugar and milk is the basis for the chocolate industry.
Measures of this type will result in substantially increased demand for agricultural products from developing countries, the first step in an upward spiral of global economic growth that will stimulate industrial exports and job growth in both East and West.
2.Global, environmentally sustainable Green Revolution.
The term 'Green Revolution' has been praised for its positive impact on crop productivity and criticized for its likely adverse effects on the environment and social equity.
It is often overlooked that one of the most beneficial consequences of the Green Revolution has been its 'forest-saving' nature.
If agricultural production had not been increased through higher productivity, more forest land would have been diverted to annual cropping.
India alone would have needed at least 50 million hectares of additional land to produce the wheat and rice it now produces, if average yields had remained at pre-Green Revolution levels.
It is, therefore, important that the concept of higher productivity per unit of land, water, time, energy, labour and capital be extended to all farming systems and all regions.
Most developing countries will have no option but to produce more food and agricultural commodities from less land and water in the twenty-first century.
The challenge lies in accomplishing this in an environmentally and socially sustainable manner.
The FAO should launch a co ordinated international effort to extend the principles and strategies of the Green Revolution to eradicate global food shortages within a decade.
The Green Revolution was originally applied to improving productivity of wheat and rice in high potential areas.
After the first rounds of phenomenal success, the effort to extend it to other agricultural regions and other crops lost momentum, because the urgent necessity had been eliminated.
Recognizing the importance of agricultural surplus to rural employment, industrialization and exports, renewed efforts are called for to apply the comprehensive, integrated approach of the Green Revolution to high potential commercial crops and to all regions.
With the knowledge gained over the past 30 years, greater emphasis can be placed on ensuring that the productivity improvements are not only economically viable but also ecologically sustainable.
Region-specific strategies should be adopted for mountain areas, high rainfall tropics, uplands and irrigated plains.
The crops covered should include foodgrains and oil seeds, cotton and jute, sugar cane, fruit, vegetables, dairy, meat, medicinal plants, spices, and agro-forestry for fodder, fuel and industrial raw materials.
3.UN development force for food deficit regions.
The complex task of planning, managing and executing nationwide programmes to eradicate food shortages may be beyond the political, administrative and management capacities of some governments, hampered by the absence of training and experience, political instability or social strife.
The slowest member country retards the progress of the whole world.
The interests of global peace, political stability and basic human rights justify and may necessitate external assistance to help countries establish viable food security systems.
In countries that are unable either to produce sufficient food or to initiate coordinated programmes to overcome present deficits, the international development force proposed earlier in this report can act in a trusteeship role to assist in designing and implementing integrated programmes to upgrade food production and distribution.
UNDP can undertake the role of coordinating the activities of all UN agencies in this effort.
Emphasis should be placed on sustainable production and distribution – not just relief operations – through the introduction of effective systems for planning, administration, education, demonstration and implementation.
4.Model districts.
The potential benefits of applying a resource-based, location-specific approach to agriculture can best be demonstrated by the establishment of model programmes in different agro-climatic regions.
The models should be large enough geographically to serve as a viable index of national-level potentials and of economic and ecological sustainability.
Although the concept may vary from place to place, the central approach is to examine in detail the current usage of both land and water resources and then formulate a district level plan for utilizing available physical, technological, human, managerial and financial resources in a sustainable manner to optimize, over time, production, productivity, farm incomes and employment, non-farm occupations, self-employment opportunities, agro-industrial development, exports and expansion of the service sector.
This analysis is likely to identify a wide gap between present and potential achievements, which can form the basis for creating an alternative district development plan.
Government can seek the assistance of farmers' organizations, private enter prise, educational and research institutes, and voluntary agencies for gathering information, analysis and plan formulation.
Implementation of the plan should be primarily through activities that facilitate more efficient operation of market forces, such as assisting farmers to identify and transfer improved technology, establishing commercial organizations of small farmers and linkages between farms and industry, disseminating in formation on markets and technology, demonstration, education, training and incentives to stimulate rapid multiplication.
The UN development force can undertake to assist countries in the design and implementation of model district programmes in food deficit countries, and to transfer the expertise needed for replication in other parts of each country.
5.World food model.
The actual structure and dynamics of the development of global agriculture and its relationship to industrial ization, employment and trade needs to be fully understood in order to plan for, and achieve, a world free of hunger.
Although national and international institutions maintain a variety of data bases and models to track the impact of production, trade and prices in agriculture, these models are too limited in scope and detail to construct a working global model of the agricultural sector, which could serve as a valuable tool in projecting the medium- and long-term interactions of changes in food production, consumption, employment, trade, productivity, technology and environmental factors.
A world food model, which forms the essential basis for evolving a global strategic plan, can help eliminate both food deficits and surpluses.
6.On-farm training.
The massive demonstration programmes, conducted in farmers' own fields by countries such as India to propagate the Green Revolution technology, proved that even uneducated, traditional peasant farmers in developing countries will rush to adopt new technology when its application and benefits are clearly demonstrated.
The slow dissemination of new technologies that still hampers agriculture in these countries is largely due to the ineffectiveness of more traditional types of extension and farmer education conducted on a relatively limited scale by agricultural colleges, technical institutes and research stations.
This gap in the agricultural education system can be closed by expanding the agricultural training network to the village level.
The establishment of farm schools in villages, on land temporarily leased from local farmers, can combine the advantages of both formal training and demonstration on farmers' fields, with emphasis on economic viability and ecological sustainability.
This is a low cost strategy that requires prior training of a large number of village level instructors, but little investment in infra structure.
The schools can demonstrate the economic benefits of new and improved crops and cultivation practices, engaging local farmers as both students and staff, and covering most of the cost of training in the form of sale proceeds from the farm schools' production.
7.Water conservation.
The inefficient and negligent use of water in agriculture is one of the most serious barriers to a sustainable expansion of agricultural production.
Public policy regarding the cost of water supplied by major irrigation projects and low-cost or free distribution of power for pumping underground water aggravate the problem.
Technologically, the solutions to water depletion are largely in hand.
What is needed is a massive effort in public education and demonstration, coupled with incentives to encourage their adoption.
In monsoon regions it has been demonstrated that recharging underground aquifers by reverse pumping during rain-surplus seasons can restore ten years of water depletion in one rainy season.
Proven methods are available and have been commercially applied with great success, as the achievements of Israel so dramatically demonstrate, radically to reduce water consumption by as much as five- to ten-fold, while at the same time significantly increasing crop yields.
The most productive of these methods, involving the construction of greenhouses, is too capital-intensive for immediate wide spread adoption in developing countries.
Drip and sprinkler irrigation are far more moderate in cost and still result in enormous savings of water.
The cost of adopting these methods can be further reduced by more widely popularizing them, so as to achieve increasing economies of scale in their manufacture.
8.Low-input sustainable agriculture.
While we have argued against pressure on food-deficit developing countries to reduce their comparatively low-level usage of mineral fertilizers and chemical pesticides, empirical studies sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences and the Department of Agriculture in the USA found strong evidence, long resisted by scientists and commercial farmers in the West, that chemical-free farming can be as productive and cost-effective as chemical-based methods.
Industrial countries that offer subsidies to encourage chemical usage should modify their policies to provide active incentives for the use of chemical-free methods instead.
During the last ten years, Indonesia has succeeded in bringing down the consumption of chemical pesticides without adversely affecting grain production through the nationwide adoption of integrated pest management systems for food crop protection.
India has launched a massive national training programme to popularize bio logical methods of pest control, which can reduce the consumption and cost of chemical pesticides by 50 to 75 per cent.
Public education programmes of this type are needed at the national and international level to disseminate information about chemical-free methods to producers and to educate consumers in developed and developing countries about both the health and environmental benefits of organically grown produce.
9.Inland aquaculture.
Depletion of deep sea fishery resources has resulted in a significant decline in world harvests from the sea.
Proven technology is available for substantially replacing sea-grown fish with fresh or salt water pond-grown varieties.
The new intensive and semi-intensive methods of cultivation can generate yields 10 to 100 times higher than traditional extensive methods.
Due to the warmer climate and lower labour costs of the developing world, inland aquaculture can become a major stimulus to rural employment, incomes, processing industries and exports.
10.Micro-level indicators of food security.
Development initiatives have been severely limited by the absence of accurate and sensitive measures to assess the impact of national-level policies and programmes on food security at community and household level.
New indices, such as the Sustain able Livelihood Security Index now under development in India, need to be evolved and applied; they should combine measures of income and employment; food and nutritional status, including the availability of safe drinking water and sanitation facilities; ownership of productive assets; and education and productive skills.
The pace of human development continues to accelerate.
The world has changed more during the present century than in the previous nineteen centuries combined – economically, socially, politically, scientifically and technologically.
In recent decades humankind has been buffeted by a bewildering array and intensity of transforming powers – democratization, decolonization, demilitarization, globalization, universal education, scientific advances, information, successive technological revolutions brought about by the automobile, telephone, radio, television, jet aircraft, computers, satellite communications and genetic engineering.
Coping with such rapid change has not been easy.
It has brought in its wake a broad array of problems – a widening gap between the most advanced and least developed sections both within and between nations, a disequilibrium between growth of population and economic growth, rising unemployment, alienated youth, increasing violence and crime, depletion of natural resources, degradation of the environment, overcrowded cities, mass migrations of talent from South to North, displacement of millions of political and economic refugees, the breakdown of the family and the erosion of traditional social institutions.
Although much has been learned about the various stages of social and economic development, much less is known about the actual process itself by which societies transit from one stage or level or form to another.
As a result, our efforts to speed the transition are often haphazard, stumbling and fraught with difficulty.
Today former colonial nations such as Vietnam and Zimbabwe strive to catch up with countries that have never been subject to foreign rule.
The tribal nations of central Africa struggle at great cost to transform themselves into modern states.
Even within the prosperous West, the speed and extent of progress is uneven, leading to the emergence of ‘developing countries’ within developed nations, of poverty-stricken families in inner cities with rates of chronic unemployment as high as 50 per cent or more.
Nothing is of greater value to humanity’s quest for progress than an understanding of the development process and the means for consciously directing it more effectively.
The tremendous economic achievements of Japan during the post-war period, followed during the last two decades by other East Asian economic powers and most recently by China, suggest that the time required for transition can be substantially abridged and the fruits of development achieved much sooner than has been accomplished by nations in the past.
The rising expectations of people around the globe and the potential risks of failing to heed their call have added a greater sense of urgency to the quest for this knowledge.
Eastern Europe
The challenges posed by extremely rapid transition are nowhere more graphically depicted than in the current transition of the countries of Eastern Europe after the collapse of the Berlin Wall, the end of the Cold War and the break-up of the USSR.
Although this transition is often described in political and economic terms, it is far broader and deeper in its implications.
These nations are in the midst of a simultaneous multi-dimensional transformation – politically, from authoritarian to democratic forms of government; economically, from a centrally planned command system to free market economies; industrially, from defence-oriented to consumer-oriented production; administratively, from highly centralized to decentralized systems; structurally, from state ownership of property to multiple forms of ownership in all spheres; socially, from closed and isolated to open and internationally integrated societies; culturally, from almost exclusive emphasis on values of equity and collective security to strong emphasis on the values of freedom and individual responsibility.
The transformation of Eastern Europe and the former USSR is of vital concern to all of us.
Never before in human history has such massive change been carried out as an essentially peaceful revolution.
The end of apartheid in South Africa and recent progress in the Middle East show that this process continues to have beneficial repercussions around the world.
At the same time, this incredible advance has been accompanied by events that have destabilized the political and economic systems of the entire region, led to the break-up of the USSR, war in Bosnia, the collapse of the Warsaw Pact and the COMECON trade system, a massive brain drain and the threat of huge waves of economic refugees.
These changes, too, have had implications for all nations within the region and beyond – severely affecting trade around the world, from the tea estates of Sri Lanka and India to the wheat fields of the United States, Australia and Argentina.
So, too, the further course of this transition will have a profound impact on all nations, both developed and developing.
The future of world peace, the world political system and the world economy hang in the balance.
A successful rapid transition will open up new markets to stimulate a new round of growth for the sluggish economies of the West, much as the Mar shall Plan stimulated American prosperity in the 1950s.
It will equally present economic opportunities for developing countries unable as yet to meet the quality requirements of highly competitive Western markets.
Failure of the transition holds the danger of economic collapse and political instability within Eastern Europe, which could even lead to renewed political tensions and an other economically devastating arms race.
Already ongoing wars are being fought in the Balkans, the Caucasus and several other regions of the former Soviet Union.
Crime is on the rise.
Ominous signs have appeared that the authoritarian past is not yet fully buried and could once again arise, if the forward momentum of the transition process does not quickly improve the lives of people within the region.
The whole world has an immense stake in the successful outcome of the transition in Eastern Europe.
Initial Results of Reform
The pre-existent conditions, the starting point of the transition, the timing, speed and extent of the reforms introduced during the past five years varied considerably among the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
But, with few exceptions, they were founded on the same general principles and on the policy recommendations of Western proponents of rapid transformation to total free-market liberal capitalism, based on a simultaneous shock strategy encompassing macro-economic stabilization, prices and property rights.
Western governments and the international financial institutions, led by the IMF, strongly advocated this approach and linked financial assistance to its adoption.
The strategy called for rapid deregulation of prices, privatization of farms and industry, introduction of a convertible currency, and balancing the budget to reduce the high fiscal deficits, primarily by reducing military expenditure and subsidies to producers and consumers.
The assumption was that a programme with these elements would result in a significant increase in production, efficiency and the availability of consumer goods within a short time.
The actual results were quite contrary to the expectations of these countries’ Western economic advisers, as well as to the governments and people of the region.
The initial phase of reforms had a disastrous impact on the economies, on the people and in some countries on peace and political stability.
From 1990 to 1993 production in all 25 nations declined drastically, from a minimum of 10 per cent in Poland, 20 percent in Hungary and 22 per cent in the Czech Republic to a maximum of 45 per cent in Russia, 57 per cent in Latvia and 75 per cent in Armenia.
Investment fell by an average rate of 13 –14 per cent per year from 1990 to 1992, and by a three-year total of more than 50 per cent in Russia.
The fall in real incomes followed that of output, and the impact was made even more severe, especially for pensioners, by the simultaneous dismantling of the vast social support system and dramatic increase in the cost of essential consumer goods.
The drastic decline in living standards for the vast majority has been accompanied by the emergence of a new class of instantaneous millionaires, some on the basis of their ability in combining factors of production in new circumstances and others due to hoarding of goods under inflation, loopholes in newly enacted legislation on privatization, and personal influence with those in power.
Inflation in most of these countries gained tremendous momentum as the reforms proceeded.
In 1993 alone, consumer prices rose by more than 100 per cent in 15 countries, out of which 11 former republics of the USSR reported increases of more than 300 per cent.
This was accompanied by a sharp rise in unemployment from extremely low historical levels prior to 1989 up to an average of 17 per cent in 1994.
The tremendous physical and psychological stress experienced by people in the region as a result of the economic collapse is reflected in the sharp fall in birth rates and the steep rise in death rates.
Since 1989, the birth rate has fallen by more than 20 per cent in Poland, 25 per cent in Bulgaria, 30 per cent in Estonia and Romania, 35 per cent in Russia and more than 60 per cent in Eastern Germany.
Such abrupt changes have been observed previously in industrial societies only during times of war.
Infant mortality is rising in many of the countries.
Not surprisingly, there have been increasing indications of public discontent and voter dissatisfaction with the course of the reforms in the vast majority of countries.
Simultaneous Shocks
The collapse of the East European and Central Asian economies from 1990 to 1994 resulted from their exposure to a series of simultaneous shocks.
1.Stabilization and adjustments: The majority of countries, having suffered from inflation and balance of payments problems in the 1980s, applied sharp stabilization and adjustment programmes in the early 1990s to stop inflation, balance budgets, and close balance of payments gaps, while at the same time liberalizing prices in order to correct major price distortions.
These deflationary policies led, in most cases, to sharp declines in output.
2.Resource allocation: Sudden dismantling of the central planning machinery responsible for the allocation of materials for current production and allocation of funds and materials for investment in these countries was another shock.
It proved impossible in the majority of countries to create and organize, overnight, commodity and financial markets of sufficient depth and flexibility to substitute effectively for the planning machinery.
3.Import liberalization: Drastic import liberalization led to the inflow of better-quality, lower-priced foreign goods that depressed demand for domestically produced goods.
The shock impact of imports was aggravated by the fact that farmers in the region were forced to compete in some cases with subsidized agricultural products from the West.
4.Privatization: Although the actual progress of privatization has been relatively slow in most instances, the uncertainty regarding the future status and ownership of enterprises and property has inhibited investment, slowed up current production, and led to widespread plunder of state property.
5.Trade: As the socialist structure of these countries began to change and the political influence of the Soviet Union diminished, there was a huge drop in the trade between countries of the region, and, following the break-up of the USSR, between the republics of the Soviet Union as well.
Not all countries in the region experienced all five shocks.
Those that were spared proved better able to sustain output and real incomes.
Czechoslovakia had not suffered from inflation and was largely free of external debt.
Hungary, which had decentralized its economy and had introduced significant elements of the market in production and investment before 1989, was not subject to the sudden shocks due to import liberalization and termination of planning.
Lessons from the Reform
The failure of the transition strategy to produce the anticipated results has given rise to extreme hardship, growing anxiety, frustration and anger within these countries.
Internationally, it has generated intense debate about the reasons for the failure, the efficacy of ‘shock therapy’, and the appropriateness and adequacy of Western assistance.
These questions reflect an inadequate understanding, both within and outside the region, of the stages and process and essential conditions for an effective transition under the circumstances prevalent in Eastern Europe at the time.
Understanding of this failure holds the key not only to the rapid revitalization of the former Soviet and other Eastern European republics, but also to meeting the challenges of present and future transitions in Africa, Asia and the West.
This understanding can be summarized in the form of several lessons that can be derived from the general experience of countries in the region.
1.Multi-dimensional transitions cannot be brought about by uni-dimensional strategies: The economic dimension of transition cannot be viewed and acted upon in isolation from its political and social dimensions.
The reform programme was developed and guided by domestic and foreign economists who viewed the transition much like a change of clothing – the casting off of one set of economic principles and the adoption of another – ignoring the critical importance of social and political factors.
This view could be summed up in the often expressed attitude, ‘Good economics makes good politics!’
Transition is the process by which society moves from one form or level of activities to another.
While social scientists conveniently divide social activity into several categories – political, economic, social, educational, religious, cultural – in practice these distinctions are at best only partially true.
Economic activities in any society take place on the foundation of the political system, social values and customs, and the psychological aspirations and attitudes of the people.
During normal periods of slow and gradual change, the impact or role of other dimensions operates below the surface and appears minimal.
Economists studying the results of economic variables tend to overlook the influence of factors from other fields on the assumption that non-economic factors are constant.
Under relatively stable and static conditions, these economics principles can be employed to predict changes in economic variables to a considerable extent.
But under circumstances in which underlying economic, social and political conditions are undergoing radical change, the relevance and predictive capacity of purely economic concepts is quite limited.
This was the situation confronting the states of the region at the beginning of the transition period, and the reason why the actual results of the reform differed so drastically from what had been anticipated.
The situation in Eastern and Central Europe was further complicated by the disproportionately large size and importance of the defence sector in the economy.
This necessitates, not only a change from one economic system to another, but also a restructuring of the entire economy from a defence orientation to a consumer orientation.
This change in structure could not be brought about by reliance on macro-economic policy.
2.Political and social consensus is essential for rapid social change: In a democratic society, the market cannot be instituted by decrees or authoritarian methods which belong to the old sys tem.
In the new political climate, reforms will be successful only in the measure that they are understood and accepted by the population.
The vitality of the market depends on releasing the initiative of people to act in their own perceived best interests by producing and distributing goods and services for consumption by others.
This initiative cannot be ordered, it can only be encouraged.
Economic policy recommendations failed adequately to anticipate either the impact of the programme on the people or their reaction to it.
In the early stages of reform, the public exhibited an incredible degree of patience, tolerance and endurance under conditions of growing hardship.
Gradually public resentment and personal suffering (especially for the aged, children and new entrants to the work force) became so severe in some countries that no government could have sustained the programme without facing political upheaval or violent revolution.
There is some truth in the argument that ‘shock therapy’ did not fail in Russia and other countries, because it was never actually implemented.
At each crucial juncture either the central bank or the government pulled back from enforcing the necessary fiscal discipline.
But it is equally true that ‘shock therapy’ never could have been implemented by a democratic government, when it imposed such enormous hardship on the people and generated a polarization and fragmentation of political forces within the country.
Where similar strategies have succeeded in other parts of the world, it has usually been under authoritarian governments, such as in Chile.
Where force is not possible, the only viable alternative is to build social consensus in support of the reform strategy.
Ultimately, the success of the reform measures will be determined by one factor – the extent to which the people understand, accept and are motivated to act under the new system.
Before introducing any new measure, maximum effort should be made to communicate its purpose and nature to the people and win their understanding and approval.
Public education is the most powerful policy instrument.
With public opinion widely divided over the best course of action, it is necessary to win back the understanding, support and endorsement of the population for an alternative programme which the major parties and social groups can back.
This requires educating the public to understand both the costs and benefits involved in any reform strategy, the trade-offs between immediate advantages and immediate sacrifices required to establish a new and stable equilibrium.
3.Economic strategy must be balanced: A market economy can be introduced gradually or step-wise, but it cannot be introduced in a fragmentary or piecemeal manner.
Deregulation of prices was the most prominent feature of the strategy in most countries, because it was the easiest to implement.
But under conditions of shortages in economies dominated by huge monopolistic enterprises, price deregulation led to skyrocketing prices and spiralling inflation.
A market flourishes only when several essential conditions are met – freedom of pricing, freedom of entry and exit from industry, free flow of information, unrestricted movement of goods and services, competition between enterprises, control of monopolies, and private ownership of property.
The entire package of free market practices must be implemented hand in hand, otherwise it does not work.
Freeing pricing without first regulating or dismantling monopolies, promoting privatization of land and enterprises, ensuring free flow of goods, and establishing wholesale markets and multiple distribution out lets lead to speculation, soaring prices, hoarding and falling production.
Historically, the free market evolved over centuries in conditions of surplus production and stable currency, neither of which exist in Eastern Europe today.
Efforts to accelerate the development of the market will have first of all to meet the political, legal, social and economic conditions historically required for its creation.
And these conditions must be met simultaneously.
4.Macro-economic stability is a precondition for increasing production: It is extremely difficult to increase production in a context of general macro-economic instability and hyperinflation.
The rapidly falling value of local currencies minimized their utility as a medium of exchange.
Agricultural as well as industrial enterprises seeking a stable medium in which to hold their wealth increasingly resorted to hoarding marketable, non-perishable commodities such as food grains or converting local currency into foreign money wherever possible.
This was particularly devastating for agriculture, where higher production was desperately needed to meet consumer demand and reduce dependence on food imports.
The breakdown of the local currency as an effective medium of exchange was accompanied by an unfavourable shift in the terms of trade between agriculture and industry, resulting from the near-monopolistic position both of the suppliers of farm inputs, especially fertilizers and farm machinery, and the processing units that purchased farm produce, such as dairies and meat processing plants.
Together, these factors precipitated a rapid fall in farm production and food availability.
There can be no solution to the food problem without first establishing a stable medium of exchange.
5.Macro-level policy must be complemented by micro-level change: Putting in place the right macro-level policies may be necessary, but it is far from sufficient to create a functioning market.
The governments of the region have been so preoccupied with ‘re-engineering’ their economic and political systems and with meeting the conditions to attract foreign aid and investment that they have tended to over look the many essential and practical steps needed to implement the reforms on the ground.
Even if governments had been able to get all the laws and economic policies ‘right’ the first time, there is no assurance that the actual impact on the people would have been less harsh than it has been.
The so-called ‘shock therapy’ strategy pursued by these countries has been widely criticized for its severity and seeming indifference to social costs.
But debates regarding the appropriate speed and social cost of reforms divert attention from a more fundamental problem with this approach.
The essence of shock therapy is a reliance on macro-economic factors to bring about a radical restructuring of the economy and a radical change in the behaviour of individuals and enterprises.
While monetary policy may prove useful for dealing with short-term adjustment problems within a relatively stable environment, there is no evidence to support its use as the principle instrument for social transition.
Monetary variables are indicators of the functioning of an economy, but the essential factors which determine the strength and health of an economy are the productivity of its enterprises and its workforce and the material resources of the country.
Tight monetary policy can generate intense short-term pressure for change in behaviour, but this pressure is applied indiscriminately and often with unexpected and unanticipated results.
The primary result of premature liberalization of prices was to encourage trade and speculation while discouraging production and investment.
It distracted attention from fundamental changes in institutions and social attitudes needed for the transition to be successful.
Macro-level policy measures have to be complemented and supported by parallel micro-level efforts to educate the population about the new economic system, to generate a free flow of information – not just freedom, but the actual exchange of information, which is still severely limited in these countries – to develop new distribution systems, to impart appropriate business and managerial skills, to provide access to credit, to build up new social institutions and to en courage and promote new enterprises.
In most cities of the former Soviet Union, for instance, there is not a single whole sale market for food.
There are no systems for consumer credit, no agencies in charge of promoting small business development.
In the absence of these and other essential micro-level conditions, even the right macro-level strategy will not evoke the anticipated response.
6.Government regulation is essential for a free market: A free market does not mean an unregulated one.
Quite understandably, decades of totalitarian government had generated such powerful resentment against strong government that by way of re action the society sought for solutions which did not require government to take a highly visible, leading role.
The reform programme was based on the implicit assumption that the market is a self-regulating mechanism which can substitute for regulation by government.
This notion is contradicted by the experience and practice of every major market economy in the world.
Government plays a critically important role in defining and protecting property rights, ensuring competitive conditions, controlling monopolies, regulating foreign trade, establishing and enforcing quality standards, safeguarding the rights of investors and consumers, preserving the environment from over-exploitation and pollution, encouraging investment, and upholding the rights of employees to minimum wages, safe working conditions and social security in the case of lay-offs.
The policies that have made possible the most successful recent development initiatives of nations around the world, especially in Japan and the newly industrialized nations of the Pacific Rim, do not support the argument for unregulated free market forces.
These countries combined freedom for entrepreneurial initiative, private property and market prices with care fully crafted industrial policies and tightly controlled foreign trade and investment practices to nurture and protect nascent industries and restrict foreign investment.
At the same time, they organized the importation of foreign technology on a massive scale.
They utilized import tariffs, export incentives, tax relief and other mechanisms to guide development of their domestic economies.
The reform programme involved the dismantling of most of the administrative mechanisms by which an economy can be monitored and controlled by government.
In place of free market conditions, organized crime and corruption became rampant.
In seeking to reject thoroughly the authoritarian form of government that suppressed the rights of the people, many of these countries allowed the power and authority of their central governments to de cline to the point where they could no longer enforce conditions needed for operation of either a command economy or a free market system.
The power of government in the West may be veiled by the fact that its laws are usually obeyed without the need for exercise of force, but the threat of enforcement is as real for tax evaders in North America as it was for free marketers under the communist regime in USSR.
Regardless of the system, strong government is a prerequisite for a strong economy.
The experience of the past few years has clearly demonstrated that the state must play a very active role in order to bring about a smooth and rapid transition and this role cannot be limited purely to regulation of the market.
Intervention will also be necessary in the form of central planning and industrial policy, at least during the transition period.
The radical restructuring of entire industries – defence, agriculture, aluminium, steel – is too complex and massive an undertaking to be made the responsibility of market forces and individual firms.
7.Agriculture has to be given a special status: For reasons discussed in the previous chapter, the state has an especially important role in the regulation of agriculture.
After the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe, the rise of free market and free trade polemics generated considerable confusion regarding the necessity and legitimacy of state regulation and intervention in protecting and preserving agriculture, which is the beneficiary of innumerable subsidies and supports in virtually every industrialized nation.
It is ironic that advice coming from overseas almost invariably recommended eliminating sup ports to this critical sector of the economy.
In the midst of radical economic revolution, the economy, especially the agricultural economy, is in no position to adapt simultaneously to the dual stresses of internal reorganization and external competition.
8.New institutions and systems are needed to create a market economy: The establishment of a free market system is retarded by the absence of many basic commercial institutions and systems.
The market economy has given birth to a vast array of institutions by which, and through which, it operates – stock and commodity exchanges, systems for mass production, just-in-time inventory management, commercial insurance, franchises, mail order catalogues, courier services, feeder airlines, producers’ and consumers’ cooperatives, marketing boards, export pro motion agencies, leasing, venture capital and mutual funds, credit and collection agencies, commodity brokers, real estate agents, trade unions, industrial associations, industrial estates, exclusive export processing zones and countless others.
Our knowledge of transitions will be complete and our capacity to abridge the time and costs of change will be full only when we have come to understand the role of these institutions and have found ways to develop them rapidly.
The need for new institutions in Eastern Europe is apparent in all fields of commercial activity.
It is particularly acute in agriculture.
Hoarding, speculation by traders, regional shortages and price variations have been aggravated by the absence of alternative systems of distribution to replace the old centralized food procurement system.
Privately operated commodity exchanges have sprung up to handle wholesale transactions.
But unfamiliarity with such institutions, and the lack of a firm legal basis for enforcement of contracts and a system of grading and inspection to guarantee the quality of produce traded, have kept most buyers and sellers away.
A mechanism is needed to insure distribution of food to deficit areas, to guarantee farmers an indexed floor price for foodgrains under conditions of unstable, soaring prices, and to establish and maintain a national buffer stock against emergency.
The Indian Food Corporation and Indian National Dairy Development Board, the autonomous marketing boards in the UK, and the US Commodity Credit Corporation are model institutions from which the Eastern Europeans need to borrow, adapt and innovate to suit the conditions of vast food-deficit nations.
Simple commercial systems need to be created to support commerce and industry as well – even such basic systems as telephone listings of sources of products and services that are found in every telephone directory in the West.
If trade is to develop between private enter prises, credit checking agencies and collection agencies need to be established.
For enterprises which do not qualify or cannot compete for limited bank resources, financial institutions offering hire purchase or leasing of industrial and consumer goods are necessary.
The market reforms were expected to lead to a rapid proliferation of new small enterprises, but most of those created so far are engaged only in trading and retail sales.
Small business development centres, business incubators, industrial estates, and venture capital funds are needed to encourage entrepreneur ship.
Some large industrial enterprises have begun leasing portions of their space and equipment to groups of employees who form small businesses for production of equipment and components.
This practice should be encouraged and popularized as a natural step towards privatization.
9.Information is a stimulant and fuel for transition: The shortage of reliable in formation and of institutions to disseminate it are major constraints on the development of the market.
In a command economy, a few people at the top receive most of the information and take most of the decisions, while the rest of the population carries them out.
In contrast, the market is based on millions of decisions taken every day by millions of individuals in fields, factories and retail stores around the country.
All these decision makers require timely access to re liable sources of information.
Information is needed to make sound business decisions, such as the production of or demand for different commodities or variations in price by region or over time.
Easy access, maximum dissemination, full disclosure, precise accuracy and credibility are imperative.
Creating these conditions will require the establishment of new institutions and substantial investment in infra structure.
In many of these countries, the press has freed itself from being solely an instrument of government, but television is still largely under state control.
In the entire former USSR today there is no adequate agricultural extension service to transmit research findings from the laboratory to the field, especially to small private farmers.
Poor communications systems are incapable of handling the large volume of telephone, fax, telex and computerized messages needed for commercial linkages with other countries.
10.Catalytic initiatives can release social dynamism: Social change is facilitated and accelerated by initiatives to introduce or demonstrate new patterns of activity and behaviour appropriate to the goals of the transition.
One of the most successful initiatives of the Russian government in recent years has been the distribution of millions of small private agricultural plots to urban and rural households.
Since a food shortage in the urban areas was the most pressing problem and greatest source of anxiety for the population, the government took steps to distribute more than 16 million small private plots to urban and rural families, so that highly vulnerable households could produce at least a portion of their own food requirements.
These plots now account for more than 50 per cent of vegetable production and 80 per cent of potato and fruit production in Russia.
Transitions require changes in behaviour and the private plots became an activity in which millions of people could participate in order to augment their own living standards and alleviate national food shortages.
Similar catalytic efforts are needed in other fields to engage the population actively in new and improved activities.
11.Reduce reliance on foreign aid: The prospect or lure of foreign aid has itself become an impediment to successful transition.
In order to qualify for foreign assistance, these countries have overlooked the vast under-utilized resources available domestically, rejected the knowledge and advice of their own most experienced people in favour of foreign advice, sacrificed their most cherished social values, discarded even successful institutions and systems, and taken steps which, it was painfully obvious to many within these countries, could not possibly lead to the intended results under the prevalent conditions.
In the 1950s, the Soviet Union managed to recover from the horrendous destruction it suffered during the Second World War and to embark on a period of rapid industrial growth without any external assistance.
But today, without having passed through the ravages of war, the republics desperately seek foreign support and feel helpless without it.
It is right that the world community should generously support the successful completion of the reform process in this region that is so vital for world peace.
But it is also right that these countries should recognize the enormous untapped potentials which they possess – human, natural and productive – rather than be distracted by the prospect of a large influx of foreign capital.
ALTERNATIVE STRATEGY IN YUGOSLAVIA
The extreme damage wrought by the economic reform programme in these countries over the past half decade necessitates an urgent search for more viable alternatives, a search that has been retarded until now by the widely held view that none exists.
Very recent events in Yugoslavia suggest that even in the limited area of economic stabilization and adjustment, an alternative strategy can be more successful.
Although the long-term impact of the Yugoslav experiment is an yet unknown, its remarkably positive initial results merit serious consideration.
The economic disorder that accompanied recent political developments in Yugoslavia resulted in an explosive increase in prices of more than 100 per cent per month in 1992.
Despite efforts to control monetary expansion, hyperinflation exceeded three million per cent in 1993 - far higher than the inflation rate reached in Germany following the First World War and, quite probably, the highest rate in recorded history.
The price spiral was accompanied by a steep fall in real purchasing power by as much as 75 per cent.
The budget deficit increased rapidly as the value of government tax revenues fell further and further behind the rising cost in current terms of its expenditures, due to the time lag between tax declaration, collection and expenditure in a period of very rapid price increases.
In January 1994, the government embarked on a comprehensive monetary reconstruction programme to achieve price and exchange rate stability; to remove administrative controls over production, investment, prices, salaries, and interest rates; to re-establish the role of the central bank in monetary stability; to reorganize public finances through an efficient tax system, including more efficient tax collection and better coverage of the lage `grey' economy; to reduce government administrative and defence expenditure to the maximum possible extent; to maintain price supports for important agricultural commodities as an incentive for production; to stimulate economic activities of private, cooperative and public sector enterprises through equal access to credit and government facilities; and to encourage the takeover of sick firms by stronger, more efficient companies.
At the same time, the programme was intended to mitigate the harsher effects of shock therapy programme was intended to mitigate the harsher effects of shock therapy programmes on the working class and fixed-income pensioners by providing free scope for collective bargaining, enforcement of a minimum wage policy and a social safety net for the unemployed.
It was recognized from the outset that stability of the currency was an absolute precondition for the success of the reform programme, which depended in turn on the firmness and consistency with which it was implemented.
The central element of the programme was the introduction of a new currency, the `superdinar', in parallel to the existing currency, but without demonetizing or confiscating it.
Inspired by an experiment in the Soviet Union during the 1920s, the value of the new currency was tied to that of the Deutsche Mark and made fully convertible without restriction.
Based on the country's very limited foreign currency reserves, new issues of the currency were to be utilized primarily to inject real purchasing power into the economy, revive demand and stimulate production, while covering the government's budget deficit during an initial six-month period needed for sufficient recovery.
In this way the foreign currency and gold reserves were used as a buffer to moderate contraction of the money supply and avoid the shock usually accompanying such efforts.
Issuing of the old dinar was stopped, but it remained in circulation as legal tender.
An interest rate of six per cent was established for the superdinar - the first real, positive interest rate in years - to make holding the new currency an attractive alternative to hoarding goods or foreign exchange.
It had been widely anticipated by foreign experts that this strategy would result in an immediate run on the country's foreign reserves and thereby a collapse of the new currency's foundation.
Contrary to expectations, the initial months of the programme have yielded spectacular results.
Inflation fell to zero per cent in the first week after the issue of the new currency and remained below one per cent during the first five months.
Instead of a massive outflow of foreign currency through conversion of superdinars, people have rushed to cash in their foreign currency, resulting in a 60 per cent increase in the nation's reserves during the first three months.
One of the most significant features of the programme has been its fair distribution of benefits and low social cost to the population.
In contrast with the widespread outrage felt by Russian citizens over repeated episodes of demonetization and confiscation of household savings, the Yugoslav people have enthusiastically accepted the new currency as representative of a new deal for the poor and the working class.
In addition, instead of the severe contraction of output experienced elsewhere, production rose by more than 100 per cent during the first five months, stimulating an increase in employment and demand for new investment.
Real tax revenues have increased significantly.
The astonishing initial success of the programme can be attributed to its balance and comprehensiveness, and to the following specific features: the government's recognition that stabilization was absolutely essential to economic recovery; the widespread public support for the programme, which was in large part due to the efforts to protect weaker sections from its harshest effects; the simultaneous relaxation of controls on industry; support for a natural rather than a forced process of privatization, based on the specific circumstances of each firm rather than on ideology; continued price supports for agriculture and a minimum wage for labour, which are crucial for maintaining food supplies and social stability; and rejection of import liberalization in order to protect domestic manufacturing against a major shock during the initial period of recovery.
Possibly the greatest strength of the Yugoslav programme is that it was of necessity conceived by people within the country rather than by foreign experts, and depended entirely on domestic resources and capabilities for its accomplishment, rather than on pleas for foreign assistance.
Self-reliance released the creativity, generated the determination and mobilized all available resources to make the transition successful.
It is too early to predict the eventual outcome in Yugoslavia, subject as it is to extraordinary external constraints on public policy.
However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.
It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East
Conditions within the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia vary significantly enough to limit the scope for broad generalizations on strategy beyond the statement of principles presented in this chapter.
However, there are a number of specific recommendations applicable to all or most of these countries that can be applied to accelerate the pace and ease the pain of transition.
1.Generate consensus for the transition programme: The transition should be an expression of the will of the society for change and it should help generate greater unity and harmony within the society.
Further attempts to put through any macro-economic reform package will meet with strong political and social resistance unless a national consensus on the strategy is arrived at beforehand.
Any programme involves a set of choices regarding which are the most accept able costs and important benefits.
Before launching new initiatives, governments should conduct public inquiries and debate alternative packages of policies and practices.
The inquiry should realistically access the expected costs and benefits of each package.
After educating the public about the need for choice and the necessary costs involved, the final selection of the most accept able package should be made by the people themselves through a national referendum.
2.Establish macro-economic stability: The errors in earlier efforts at adjustment and stabilization have led some to argue for a series of compromise programmes that do not seriously ad dress the imminent dangers of hyperinflation and economic collapse.
No transition strategy can be successful without first creating stable conditions for economic growth.
No effort to improve agricultural production or the availability of food will be successful so long as the currency is not accepted as a stable means of exchange.
This is the ultimate justification for the insistence of the international lending community on harsh measures to stabilize the economy.
If the previous stabilization programmes have not proved politically viable, socially acceptable or economically effective, alternative programmes similar to the Yugoslav strategy must be attempted without further delay, backed by the full commitment of government.
In some cases, it may be necessary to temporarily reintroduce controls on wages and prices as an interim measure to stop the free fall of the currency.
But whatever the method, it is essential that this effort be combined with simultaneous implementation of other essential policies.
3.Eliminate crop losses: In Russia and the other republics of the former USSR, highest priority in agriculture must be given to efforts that will increase the availability of food and reduce the huge crop losses and massive food imports.
These losses vary by crop and region but average between 25 and 50 per cent of total field production for major crops.
A reduction in crop losses could completely eliminate millions of tons of grain imports.
The reasons for such enormous losses include poor quality of seeds and planting material, the lack of sufficient local storage capacity, in efficient and inappropriate equipment for planting, harvesting, storage and processing, poorly motivated farm workers and short age of labour at harvest time.
Demonstration projects have proved that potato losses can be reduced from 35 per cent to under 5 per cent in one year.
A viable solution requires concerted and coordinated activity by government, industry and agriculture at a time when each is operating in isolation from the others.
The main elements of a viable plan to reduce losses for foodgrains, vegetables and potatoes have been proposed by a Dutch cooperative agri-business firm.
The aim of the plan is to reduce food imports to zero and eliminate food shortages within three to five years.
The plan requires acquisition of foreign production and storage technology, but depends only marginally on import of equipment, most of which can be manufactured in domestic defence facilities.
The hard currency requirement is minimal.
But the plan does re quire a leading role by government and financial assistance to farms.
In order to be effective, it needs to be supported by a massive public education campaign on use of new technology to eradicate crop losses combined with demonstration plots on both large-scale and small private farms throughout the country.
The Commission recommends immediate implementation of the plan with the objective of improving the agricultural economy, increasing the food supply and completely eliminating dependence on food imports.
4.Study benefits of economic union: Of the estimated 50 per cent fall in GDP among the republics of the former Soviet Union, approximately half can be attributed to the break-up of the economic union.
Restoration of a common economic space – which is being criticized internationally as a surrender of sovereignty to Russia at a time when both Western Europe and North America are striving for closer economic union – could immediately restore most of that lost output.
The advantages of cooperation between republics needs to be care fully examined.
A study should be conducted by a credible institution to estimate the economic losses incurred by the break-up of the common economic space between the former Soviet re publics and to assess the benefits of restoring an economic union in some form.
It should estimate overall economic growth and living standards for each republic over the next five years operating within and outside the economic union.
This study can serve as a powerful argument for closer cooperation among the republics.
The study can be undertaken at very low cost by a consortium of researchers from different research institutes within the Commonwealth of Independent States.
5.Privatize and develop road transport: Transportation is a major bottleneck to development of a market economy in much of the region.
Under the centrally planned system, most freight was hauled by trains over main routes to large cities for distribution in bulk by huge government procurement agencies.
Under a market system, millions of small producers and consumers must be free to buy or sell wherever the price is most attractive.
This requires a vast proliferation of small goods transporters in the private sector, which are rare in many countries today.
The large freight transport monopolies have to be replaced by entrepreneurial companies with small fleets competing for freight business.
Immediate steps are needed to expand capacity and introduce competition in this vital sector by promoting the development of private road transport companies at the national, regional and local level.
Special loan and leasing programmes should be established to enable small firms and individuals to purchase vehicles and pay for them out of the revenues generated from use.
6.Regional models and pilot programmes: Pioneering initiatives need to be encouraged to act as demonstrations and catalysts for new types of activities in the country.
In a region as vast and diverse as this and in countries such as Russia, which extends over eleven time zones, no single model or pattern will be widely applicable.
Therefore, several areas in each country representing different economic and social conditions should be selected for establishment of model transition programmes.
In each area, a study should be conducted of resources and economic potentials, existing institutions and infrastructure, current levels of skill and social attitudes regarding the market system.
Detailed strategies should be devised to educate the public about untapped opportunities, strengthen the institutional infrastructure, impart needed skills, establish catalytic demonstrations and encourage multiplication of successful new activities.
A plan should be adopted at the forthcoming UN Social Summit for establishing model district programmes in Eastern and Central European countries.
Plans for transition should cover all of the factors listed above, providing trained personnel to assist in the establishment and initial operation of new institutions and systems.
7.Plan for institutional development: An assessment of the type and functioning of existing institutions and economic systems should be compiled to identify missing links that need to be provided to support the transition.
Based on this study, a master plan should be drawn up for establishing the necessary institutions and systems in each country.
In order to prepare a cadre of managers for private sector industry and institutions, specialized institutes of management should be set up in each country.
8.Launch a massive programme to impart new skills and attitudes to the population: In countries where private enterprise was extinguished for decades, entrepreneurial, financial and marketing skills can be extremely limited.
An analysis should be undertaken of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to a market system, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.
The progress of developing countries is impeded by slow growth in the industrialized nations and the collapse of Eastern Europe.
What would be the impact on the world economy of a rapid recovery and economic expansion in the countries of the region?
What would be the result elsewhere of further decline in Eastern Europe?
These questions are of vital relevance to the entire world.
A detailed study should be conducted under the auspices of the United Nations, OECD or the European Commission to quantify the potential gains or losses to the global economy of rapid or slow progress of the transition in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
10.Scientific resources: Science has been one of the greatest casualties of the reform programme.
Severe fiscal constraints have forced governments to reduce drastically budgetary allocations to research institutions, leaving most of these institutions with little or no source of revenues to support their activities.
High priority must be given to developing a detailed plan for preservation of the scientific research infra structure during the difficult transition period and for restructuring it so that it can be integrated effectively into the emerging market system.
The drain of talents must be stopped by a concerted national effort to exploit each country's competitive advantage in science by marketing these capabilities internationally, and particularly by linking up with other countries in the region and with developing countries that can most benefit from the region's scientific and technological capabilities.
Search for a New Model
Ironically, despite all the international debate about transition, thus far the actual goal of the transition process has never been clearly spelled out.
It is widely presumed to be to some form of capitalist system, but which variety – the Swedish?
The Japanese?
The American?
Although the ostensible goal of transition has been to economies based on private ownership, three years after the initiation of transition programmes, very little privatization has actually taken place in most countries of the region.
It is widely believed that acceleration of this process will lead to rising unemployment and a widening gap between the rich and the poor, leading to the creation of a huge under class that had been virtually eradicated in previous decades.
Is this result really the best these countries can hope for in the foreseeable future?
The events in Eastern Europe have been widely hailed as a victory for democratic capitalism over authoritarian communism.
The obvious failure of the latter has been used to support the claim of the former to be the sole political and economic heir to the next millennium.
This view has been applied to justify the imposition of radical shock therapy on the unsuspecting and unprepared populations of Eastern Europe and stringent structural adjustment programmes on many developing countries.
But the claim itself is based on a limited and superficial interpretation of history.
The fall of the Berlin Wall marks the end of a confrontation between two divergent systems that have been struggling toward reconciliation throughout the present century – one based on the human right to freedom and the determinism of the free market, the other based on the right to basic economic security and the determinism of the state.
One has made people subservient to the needs of the state, the other has left them subject to the whims of the market.
True communism has never existed.
What lived and has finally died in Eastern Europe is not communism, but statism, the domination of the state and use of state authority to govern the life of the nation, in practice reducing people to forced labour.
True capitalism, which regards people as a factor of production, passed away more than half a century ago, when the challenge of communism prompted Western societies to incorporate socialist principles and measures to mitigate the blind justice of the free market.
There are no true capitalist societies in the world.
There are no free markets.
The free market system is highly regulated and controlled by the very state over which it claims victory.
But although in reality both systems are dead, the ideology of the capitalist system lives on and casts an illusory impression of supremacy.
Rather than searching for a victor and vanquished, the urgent need is to find a successor that combines and synthesizes the enlightened values of both systems – freedom and equality, liberty and security.
It has been amply proved that the authoritarian state is incapable of exerting a benevolent authority over the people without imposing severe restrictions on freedom, stifling human energy and creativity, leading sooner or later to rising discontent and a loss of social vitality.
It is also abundantly clear that money as an institution operating through the free pricing mechanism of the market system – although it does succeed in generating high levels of energy, creativity and productivity – regards people as a purchasable commodity or a potential market, but is otherwise indifferent to human values and welfare.
Neither the determinism of the state nor the determinism of the market can be adequate in themselves to achieve the goals of peace and prosperity that we strive after.
It has been generally assumed that the transition now taking place in Eastern Europe will sooner or later lead these countries to adopt forms of government and economy identical to those prevalent in the West.
But for those raised in a society that offered a great measure of social security, the poverty and insecurity of the Western system are gross inadequacies.
While it is clear that these new democracies have rejected the authoritarian statist system, it is not yet clear what finally they will accept, discover or invent as a more acceptable alternative.
The creativity and inventiveness they have exhibited in seeking an alternative in the past may quite possibly lead them to discover that better social system which both East and West are in need of.
Viewed from an evolutionary perspective, we may surmise the general direction and likely destination of that quest.
The requirements of the state and the market must eventually give way to the needs of people.
The values of authority and money must be supplanted by acceptance of the fundamental value of the human being.
Human welfare and well-being must become the central determinants of social policy, in place of the compulsions of the centrally controlled state bureaucracy and the decentralized market pricing mechanism.
The first essential step in that direction is a commitment by market economies to guarantee the right of every citizen to employment.
Neither the mechanism of state planning and control nor the mechanism of market prices can accomplish this on their own.
A blending of their values and methods – freed from the blinkers of dogma and the determinism of limited imagination – can lead us to the answer.
Wider Perspective on Transitions
The outcome of all great social transformations – of which the present instance ranks in magnitude and importance with that of the French Revolution and the movement which freed India and so many other former colonies from imperialism, economic exploitation and cultural domination – depends on the degree to which individuals and institutions within the society have been prepared to understand, accept and respond to the new environment ushered in by the transition.
Two hundred years ago the people of France were ready to overthrow the old order but ill-prepared to create anything new, with the result that the old soon re-established itself and lived on for another century.
It took India’s leaders more than four decades to prepare their people for freedom and it has taken another four to overcome the vestiges of colonial rule that prevented the country from releasing its energies for prosperity.
Long after the foreign conquerors had left, colonialism lived on in the institutions of government and in the attitudes of the population.
Decades of freedom and education were needed for the country to outgrow a sense of inferiority, a seeking for security, a feeling of submissiveness and complacency, and to acquire a sense of pride, ambition, high aspirations and expectations, a seeking for achievement, and a spirit of adventure and enterprise – and still the task is not complete.
Development is like a chemical reaction that is determined by the variety and quantity of elements present and the conditions under which they are put together.
If one essential element or condition is missing, a social transition like a chemical reaction may not take place at all.
The absence of peace in war-torn Africa or democratic freedoms in former colonial nations, the absence of social stability or an entrepreneurial class, the absence of a functioning banking or educational system, the absence of the minimum necessary infrastructure for transportation and communication – any one of these may be enough to prevent transition until the deficit is made up.
If even an inessential element or condition is missing, the process of transition may take much longer than would otherwise be necessary.
Lack of information, lack of education, lack of necessary skills, lack of supportive laws or incentives or protection against losses – insufficiency in any of these areas may be enough to slow or delay the process of change by years or even decades.
The world needs a coherent intellectual framework for understanding and dealing with radical transitions.
High priority should be given to developing a fresh conceptual approach that is not en cumbered by allegiance to existing theories and systems.
Transitions should be regarded as social transformations which depend on and result in corresponding changes in the political, economic and other spheres.
Efforts to guide a multi-dimensional social transition through uni-dimensional strategies, particularly those limited to manipulation of macro-economic policy, are unlikely to yield the anticipated results.
Even those transitions which are apparently confined to economic activities within a stable political context necessarily depend on changes in social attitudes and in social institutions which can be dealt with most effectively by assuming a wider perspective of the process.
Clear visualization of the before and after states of transition, the existing system, the goals to be sought after, and a detailed picture of the changes that need to occur in behaviour, attitudes and institutions are necessary for deriving the most effective transition strategies.
With the knowledge the world possesses today, with the example of many successful nations over the last four decades, and with its highly educated and motivated people, surely the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia can abridge the time required and the hardship of lessons learned by trial and error to a few years.
But this cannot be accomplished by sweeping remedies or hastened by over-eagerness or impatience.
It will require application of a profound understanding of the process of development and transition.
We believe that a properly conceived effort to draw on the best available knowledge and experience of other countries can generate a transition strategy that avoids the dangers and pitfalls of the initial approach to reform and puts in place the essential foundations for the new system to function effectively and generate benefits for the people before the dawn of the new century.
In the preceding chapters we have tried to draw attention to the uncommon opportunities that the world presents at the dawn of a new millennium for the abolition of war and the eradication of poverty.
None will question the desirability of achieving peace, democratic freedoms and prosperity for all.
But many may doubt the practical feasibility of accomplishing these necessary goals.
Every great endeavour requires a proportionate investment of energy and resources for its accomplishment.
The realization of peace and prosperity is no exception.
What, then, are the resources required for this achievement and where are we to find them?
The history of civilization is the process of humankind discovering greater and greater resources and learning how to utilize them to acquire higher and higher levels of physical security, productive power and comfort.
In the earliest phase, these resources were almost exclusively material.
The next phase brought the discovery of tools and instruments that made the material resources far more productive and valuable than before.
Gradually, society discovered rudimentary organizational resources – the capacity to organize productive activities in a more effective manner.
The organization of farming utilized the tree to make a plough with which to cultivate repeatedly the same land, giving birth to sedentary societies.
The organization of crafts, commerce, armies, governments – constructed from a fabric of customs, rules, systems and laws – each made use of the material resources for greater productivity, power and achievement.
At each stage of this evolution, society discovered the power of knowledge to increase further the productivity of the material, technological and organizational resources at its disposal.
A knowledge of weather patterns boosted productivity in agriculture.
A knowledge of astronomy enabled sea-worthy vessels to travel across the oceans to distant lands.
This led to the invention of systematic education as a method to pass on acquired knowledge and skills to the next generation and thereby continuously increase them.
The Ultimate Resource
These rich and varied discoveries came as the result of a careful observation and analysis of the external world around us, an infinite exploration and experimentation with things, an endless trial and error blending of minerals and plants to forge metals and produce medicines.
As a result, for millennia we have tended to overlook or, at best, grossly underestimate the greatest of all resources and the true source of all the discoveries, inventions, creativity and productive power found in nature – the resource that has made minerals into ships that sail the skies, fashioned grains of sand into tiny electronic brains, released the energy of the sun from the atom, modified the genetic code of plants to increase their vigour and productivity – the ultimate resource, the human being.
World Food Prize recipient and father of India’s milk revolution, Dr V. Kurien, has decried the tendency to credit external factors for the accomplishment of people.
‘It is the farmer that has produced this miracle, not the cow.’ And so it can be said of the Industrial Revolution and the Green Revolution.
Looked at from a different perspective, the entire evolution of civilization is a progressive act of humanity’s self-discovery.
At each stage of external observation and exploration, people have discovered more of their own inner capacity for resourcefulness.
The material, technological, political, economic and social development of the world over countless centuries is an external expression of the growing discovery by humanity of the unlimited creative power of mental ideas, emotional aspirations, physical skills and higher values.
The real process of creation and development is from the immaterial to the material, from the inner to the outer, from idea to invention, from aspiration to achievement, from the lofty value of freedom and the ideal of self-determination to the founding of democratic nations, from the soaring emotions of an emperor’s love to the beauty and grandeur of the Taj Mahal, from the urge for adventure to the discovery of a new continent, from the technician’s joy in expressing perfect skill to the marvellous powers of a microprocessor.
All begin as an inner urge that expresses externally in life.
Leadership in Thought
In times of crisis, great leaders rise to remind us that the true resource is ourselves.
Thus, Winston Churchill inspired the tiny British nation with the courage to stand and fight fascism when all the rest of Europe had surrendered; thus, Franklin Roosevelt halted the collapse of the US banking system during the 1930s by convincing the people that fear was their greatest enemy and that the basic economic strength of the nation was intact; thus, Gandhi inspired whole generations to fight against colonialism, apartheid and other forms of oppression in a non-violent manner; thus, Gorbachev broke down the psychological barriers to peace and human understanding that had divided the world into two opposing armed camps for four decades; and thus, Deng Xiaoping committed the Chinese nation to provide food and clothing for all its citizens, launching a period of phenomenal economic progress for one-fifth of the world’s inhabitants.
These great acts of leadership were fundamentally acts of leadership in thought, of leaders who knew the power of human creativity and determination to achieve what few believed possible.
It has been our objective to show that now is a time of unprecedented opportunity, provided that we shed the artificial fetters that limit our ideas, attitudes and actions.
When we rely on external resources, we achieve the minimum because our achievement is based on what we see before us.
When we rely on the inner resources, we achieve the maximum because we are constantly led to discover more of our own unlimited capacities.
Why should we wait before acting until we are compelled by the irresistible force of the rising expectations of the world’s masses, by the explosion of violence in our cities, or by the complete breakdown of our economic systems because of spiralling unemployment?
Why should we not act now to prevent these outcomes and reverse the trends that threaten to make them a reality?
All the resources necessary are within our reach, within ourselves.
We need the courage to think and say that it is time to abolish weapons of mass destruction and call a halt to the use of war for settlement of disputes, that it is time to insist that all people enjoy the most basic democratic freedoms, that there can and must be enough food produced to feed everyone, and that every person must be guaranteed the right to gainful employment.
The barriers to these achievements are not material or technological.
It takes money, materials and technology to make war, not to stop it.
That requires a determination and insistence, an intolerance of violence, which must start with a commitment of the world’s leaders and the total empowerment of the UN to enforce peace.
It takes material resources and technology to suppress people, not to make them free.
That requires an acceptance of basic human rights as a non-negotiable minimum requirement for each nation to participate in the international community, which must start with a voluntary abdication by the great powers of the principle of rule by might that governs the present structure of the UN.
Renunciation of the veto power, expansion of the Security Council and democratization of UN decision-making processes will forge an institution capable of meeting the challenges of the future, rather than living in the shadow of the past.
Why should we wait for these things to happen inevitably after a lapse of decades or centuries when we are amply capable of attaining those beneficial results now, to the great advantage of everyone?
Many will argue that, when it comes to food and jobs, the external resources are the real constraints.
We disagree.
It has been amply demonstrated that the main cause of famines is not inadequate production or supply of food.
In the modern day, famine is primarily an economic problem of entitlement, not a physical problem of shortage.
The world possesses enough technology to double or triple the food supply in a decade, if only the world’s poorest two billion people have the purchasing power to consume it.
So, too, the problem of employment.
Humankind has employed itself ever since the dawn of civilization.
So long as people have wants and are willing to work to fulfil them, there need not be a shortage of jobs for all who seek them.
The problem today is not a shortage of money or technology.
The problem is that we have constructed a hermetically sealed economic system that does not permit all people to express that willingness.
Even if we reached the advanced stage of technological development that enabled one-tenth of the world’s population to produce all the goods and services to which all humanity could ever aspire, what would prevent us from distributing that work in such a manner as to provide everyone with the opportunity to acquire the purchasing power to consume their share of that over-abundance?
The main limit on the production of sufficient goods to create prosperity for all is not material, financial, or technological.
It is the inefficiency and arbitrariness of the present economic system that fails to take advantage of the vast latent market potential of nearly half the human race.
Give these people the chance to work and they will create the markets to provide jobs and higher incomes for everyone.
The single act of removing the artificial subsidies and import barriers for agricultural products in industrial nations that protect the jobs of so few in the West, and deny jobs to so many in developing countries, can help realign global labour markets, creating vast scope for employment generation in the South that will act as an engine for industrial exports and full employment in the North.
Ultimately, the achievement of peace and prosperity for all does require an enormous investment of resources, but the resources demanded are human resources that dwell within ourselves, waiting to be tapped.
These resources can never be exhausted because the more they are drawn upon, the more they grow.
The real challenge of development is developing people – not only in the external sense of providing them with food, clothing, good health and fresh water, but also in the inner sense of developing their awareness, attitudes, skills and values to make them more enlightened, productive and contented human beings.
What we need today is fresh leadership in thought by our leaders to educate themselves and then the world about the opportunities of the third millennium, and then to take the actions to convert these possibilities into actualities.
Developing our human resourcefulness is the single greatest need and opportunity of our time.
Tapping Unutilized Resources
Economic and social development strategies emphasize the strengthening of social capacity by building up physical infrastructure, production facilities and commercial organizations, and by creating a conducive environment for increasing economic activity through appropriate laws, fiscal, monetary and trade policies.
Human development strategies focus on improving the welfare and capacities of the individual through better health, education, political choice and economic opportunity.
Together they encompass the two basic components of all development personal and institutional, individual and collective.
The challenge is to develop simultaneously both individual and social capacities and utilize their potentials in a complementary manner.
For the individual, development involves acquisition of greater know ledge, more progressive attitudes, improved skills and higher values.
For the collective, development involves establishment of more useful and productive institutions, systems, organizations and cultural values.
The conventional view that development is essentially a function of scarce economic inputs must give way to the perception that the opportunities and potentials for rapid development far exceed actual achievements in every country.
Looking back over the past few decades, we realize that the speed of social progress could certainly have been much greater than it was.
The tremendous potential for accelerating development is most easily illustrated by in stances in which actual achievements substantially excelled expectations, such as the enormous leap in world agriculture during the 1960s and 1970s and the phenomenal growth of incomes, employment and exports in East Asia during the last ten years.
These unforeseen accomplishments reflect the magnitude of potentials that these countries possessed but had not previously utilized.
The untapped resources of the society can be categorized under several headings:
Knowledge of the process of development and the factors that stimulate it.
Education that imparts progressive social values and practically useful perspectives.
Information that creates awareness of opportunities.
Values that foster productivity, organization and social cohesion.
Skills that improve quality and productivity.
Successful systems that improve efficiency and expand activities.
Organizations that promote cooperation, coordination and broaden the sphere of activity.
Environmentally friendly technologies that can be widely adopted.
Social attitudes that foster self-confidence, individual initiative, and positive responses to new opportunities.
Development-oriented laws, policies and programmes that can be more fully implemented.
A huge surge in development can be achieved if every socially available resource and potential is fully utilized by the people – if every capable youth, male and female, continues education up to the level of his or her highest aptitude; if every family employs all the health care knowledge and best practices known by the society; if every government self-employment programme and training programme is fully utilized; if all known technology for improving agriculture is widely publicized and put into practice; if every successful system and institution is replicated and applied to full advantage.
The highest priority must be to evolve strategies for utilizing these vast social resources more effectively.
The magnitude of this potential is illustrated by the enormous gap, referred to earlier, between average yields on major food crops achieved by poor developing countries in Asia and Africa and the yields obtained by the world’s most productive producers.
Proven technology already exists that is capable of raising low yields well above the world averages.
The real limiting factors are inadequate dissemination of information about best practices and success stories, inadequate skills in employing these methods, inadequate organizational arrangements for marketing and processing, as well as out-moded policies and attitudes about food self-sufficiency and the role of agriculture in the national economy.
Developing these individual and institutional resources should be our highest priority.
Theory of Development
A greater knowledge of the process of development that we seek to accelerate is the first essential resource needed for achieving the goals set forth in this report.
The UN Secretary General has rightly drawn attention to the worldwide crisis in development economics and called the need for new thinking on development ‘the most important intellectual challenge of the coming years’.
Until now development has been largely a haphazard, subconscious or half-conscious process of trial and error experimentation, an application of partial strategies, a confusing mixture of productive and counter-productive initiatives, an unscientific and often superstitious clinging to half-truths or old-truths that no longer have any relevance.
Development is not merely a set of goals or programmes.
It is a social process by which human beings become mentally aware of new opportunities and challenges, conceive of ideas, create inventions, release their energy and enthusiasm for achievement, and acquire the skills and organizational capacities for action.
A better understanding of that process will enable us to avoid the errors and tardiness of past efforts and accomplish in the next few decades what might otherwise take centuries.
The world possesses sufficient experience and information to formulate a comprehensive and integrated theory of development as a social process.
The theory should explain the process by which human society has developed to where it is today, the forces which propel its growth, and the stages of its past and future progress.
It should be based on the perception that the political, economic and social life of human kind is a single, inseparable whole and, therefore, that comprehensive, total strategies must be applied to resolve our problems, because partial strategies lead to partial solutions which disturb the harmony of the whole, generating unwanted side-effects.
This knowledge should be utilized to formulate a model of development that is based on the internal dynamics of the process rather than on its external manifestations or extrapolation of future trends from past data.
This model should become so precise that we can anticipate the impact of peace, more education, greater political freedom, rising social expectations, and high values such as guaranteed employment on the progress of society.
This conceptual knowledge should enable us to understand and replicate fully the conditions responsible for the post-war achievements of Japan, China’s recent 20 per cent growth rate or Yugoslavia’s remarkable conquest of hyper inflation.
A comprehensive approach will enable us to anticipate the imbalances and side-effects generated by partial initiatives and to evolve total strategies to avoid them.
The comprehensive conceptual model needs to be complemented by the development of models for employment, food, education, trade and other fields that go beyond the national or sectoral approach to show the impact of the complex interactions that are key determinants of the development process – for instance, the impact of democracy on agriculture and of increasing agricultural productivity on employment, industrialization and trade, the impact of rising education on democratization, social tolerance for diversity, personal expectations and social stability.
Once formulated, these conceptual models need to be applied under a variety of conditions to test their validity and demonstrate the value of a comprehensive approach to development.
Therefore, we have proposed that the UN adopt a number of districts in different regions of the world, including crime-ridden inner cities or impoverished rural areas in industrial countries, to evolve and apply strategies for their rapid transition to a higher level of development.
Six Goals in Education
Once formulated, this knowledge needs to be imparted through education.
Education is the greatest known civilizing force and the single most powerful lever for human development.
Training imparts skills, but education increases the capacity of the individual at a more basic level, making the mind more active and alert, converting physical energy into mental energy, training us to see things from a wider perspective, to question and challenge the status quo, to think and imagine, to innovate and invent, to make decisions for ourselves and to act on our own initiative.
Education is the process by which society passes on the accumulated knowledge and experience of countless centuries to new generations in a systematic, concentrated and abridged form, so that today’s young people can start their lives at the high point of knowledge and wisdom attained by preceding generations.
Education replaces the slow, subconscious process of trial and error learning with a swift, conscious process.
This accumulated knowledge is a great power that can be utilized to accelerate human development and abridge the time needed for society to arrive at progressively higher levels of material, social and psychological fulfilment.
Despite the massive efforts of international institutions to create awareness of the vital role of education in peace, democracy, economic development, population control and environmental protection, progress on extending the benefits of education to all humankind is still grossly inadequate.
In 1990, 948 million people or about 20 per cent of the entire world population lacked even basic literacy skills.
Adult literacy rates in the least developed nations still average less than 50 per cent and are less than half that in a number of countries.
Unless more intensive efforts are made, worldwide the absolute number of the illiterate will decline only marginally by the year 2000.
Illiteracy is likely to increase by 10 per cent in South Asia – home to more than 40 per cent of the world’s illiterate – and by nearly 7 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa.
Although universal primary education has been a goal for decades and primary education has been made compulsory in most countries, 128 million children living in remote rural areas, urban slums and refugee camps – representing 20 per cent of the total school-age population – are still excluded from primary education.
Unless greater measures are introduced, this number may rise to more than 160 million by the turn of the century.
Achieving true universality of primary education by the year 2000 will require a massive investment in school buildings, teachers and instructional materials for an additional 230 million school-age children.
An additional 4 million teachers will be required, 20 per cent more than in 1990.
In sub-Saharan Africa, gross primary enrolment will have to double before year 2000 to achieve this goal.
In addition to the quantitative deficiency in educational enrolment and achievements, the quality of teaching facilities, materials and staff is severely deficient in many countries.
Most developing countries hire teachers with only a secondary school certificate and a minimum of teachers’ training.
This contributes to the high rate of primary school drop-outs and grade repetition.
Only 71 per cent of first-grade entrants complete primary school in developing countries.
Addressing these challenges will require a substantial increase in financial resources devoted to education.
In most regions, public expenditure on education has risen in recent years.
In 1990, the world average was 13.5 per cent of total government expenditure, or 4.8 per cent of GNP.
More than one-third of the countries in the world still spend more on the military than on education.
Efforts to improve education must go hand in hand with efforts to promote peace and disarmament and drastically curtail military spending.
Mechanisms should be put in place to insure that a significant portion of reduced military spending is invested in education and training.
The very highest social priority should be given to six educational goals in both developing and developed countries.
First, there must be a massive effort to achieve UNESCO’s goal of eradicating illiteracy worldwide by the year 2000.
The problem can only be banished by an all-out commitment of every national government to eliminate the huge backlog of illiteracy, while at the same time insuring that every child is taught to read and write.
National youth service corps and military personnel can be utilized to help provide the necessary manpower.
Second, every possible step must be taken to provide education for female children, an essential requirement for social equity and quality of life improvement.
Nearly two-thirds of the world’s illiterate are women.
In the poorest developing countries, literacy rates among females are 40 per cent below rates for males and the average number of years of schooling for females is 60 per cent lower.
But perceptible progress has been made.
Between 1980 and 1990, female primary school enrolment rose from 44 per cent to 47 per cent of total enrolment, although it actually declined in the Arab states and remained virtually unchanged in South Asia.
Uneducated females represent a huge reservoir of untapped human potential that must be given every opportunity and full assistance to develop their innate capacities.
This will call for accelerated efforts to establish crèche and child-care facilities, abolish child labour, and remove gender bias from text books and educational institutions.
The cost of raising female educational levels up to that of males worldwide has been estimated at $2.5 billion, a small amount for an initiative that could have such wide-ranging benefits.
Third, literacy must be complemented by techniracy, education that imparts basic technical information and skills to the population through a variety of teaching methods suited to the educational level of the recipients.
Detailed recommendations are presented in the next section of this chapter.
At the other end of the spectrum, comparable efforts must be made to raise scientific literacy, which is essential for the continued growth of technology, productivity and employment in modern society.
The pervasive influence of science in society requires that we bridge the gap that presently divides the sciences and humanities and evolve an educational system in which science is no longer regarded as a specialized field of study.
Fourth, radical changes are needed in the content of school curricula at all levels to make education relevant to the real needs of the students and the development of the country.
The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.
The system of education prevalent in most developing countries is oriented toward the outer form – acquiring a degree or qualifying certificate – rather than the inner content of knowledge.
Educated unemployment is a direct result of a system that fosters obedience and rote learning rather than individual initiative and creative thinking.
A new system of development education needs to be introduced at all levels to equip the student with an understanding of his/her society, its achievements and potentials, and the opportunities open to each individual to participate in its future growth.
The index of its success will be the extent to which students of this curriculum seek self-employment rather than salaried jobs.
Fifth, minimum and average educational levels should be raised in all countries.
Two centuries ago education was a luxury of the rich and it was simply inconceivable that every member of the population in any country could receive even a minimum level of education.
Few of the industrial nations fully meet their own present minimum standards for every citizen.
These minimums are arbitrary, not optimal.
Raising the minimum levels of achievement further in all countries may be the most important initiative that governments can render to prepare their citizens for a more productive, prosperous and peaceful future.
Sixth, new educational systems must be evolved to prepare people for life in the twenty-first century.
Education imparts knowledge of the past and the general ability to deal with the future, but this ability is only in potential.
It is not fully developed in the form of practically useful knowledge.
An educational system that endows the individual with the capacity for physical accomplishment, psychological fulfilment and original thinking would enable society consciously to abridge the development process and accomplish goals within one or a few decades that would otherwise take place over the span of a century or more.
We believe that it is possible to fashion a system that directly prepares students for life in the twenty-first century, because the necessary knowledge already exists subconsciously in society and consciously in a few stray individuals or social groups.
Materially, the world already possesses the knowledge needed to produce sufficient food and other necessities to eradicate poverty from the earth, but this knowledge is not yet a conscious possession of humanity as a whole that is passed on to every individual, even in the most advanced nations.
Socially, every culture possesses the knowledge of the essential qualities necessary for lasting success.
This knowledge, if consciously formulated, can be systematically imparted to the entire population through formal education.
Psychologically, the right attitudes, values and motives enable the individual to attain a self-existent happiness and inner harmony which nothing can disturb.
This knowledge too can be consciously formulated and communicated through the educational system of the twenty-first century.
Mentally, our knowledge is partial, biased and largely dependent on social status and opinion, rather than purely rational criteria.
True mental objectivity can be taught.
Human fulfilment in the twenty-first century depends on our ability to provide an education that imparts not only material facts, but also the mental perspectives, psychological attitudes, personal values, individual skills and organizational abilities needed for the full blossoming of human resourcefulness and ac complishment.
Developing Skills
Improving the quality and quantity of productive skills is essential to implementing the strategies for peace, democratization, food security, economic growth and full employment set forth in this report.
The phenomenal growth of East Asian countries is the direct result of their massive investments in upgrading the skills of the workforce.
Rather than generating excess workers, rising productivity has generated greater demand for labour.
Labour productivity in South Korea rose 11 per cent per year between 1963 and 1979, mostly due to investment in education and skills.
This increase has been accompanied by a growing shortage of labour, equivalent to 1 per cent of the workforce in 1991.
Investment in education and training helped Thailand raise labour productivity by 63 per cent during 1980–5.
It, too, is moving from a labour surplus to a labour shortage economy.
An enormous range and depth of physical, technical, organizational, managerial and social skills are needed in order to utilize constructively the freedom which democracy provides, the productive power of new technologies, and the efficiency of modern institutions and systems to achieve greater developmental results.
These skills admit of constant and continuous improvement without limit, in the same way that technology and organization can always be further improved.
A comparative survey of the level and quality of skills in any country with those of countries above and below it on scales of economic and human development will reveal the crucial role of skills in development.
A scale of progression on key skills can help every country identify its relative position, assess the scope for further progress and evolve strategies to fill the gap.
Raising the skills of society to those of countries higher up on the scale will enable the country to move to that higher level.
Despite enormous expansion of educational and training institutions, most developing countries suffer from a shortage of quality vocational skills among the huge number of people at lower levels of the society who seek desperately to raise their standard of living.
This shortage retards the growth in productivity and quality needed to meet domestic needs and achieve international competitiveness.
The technical training in frastructure in these countries should be expanded by the establishment of craft and vocational training institutes at the local level in every community to impart a wide range of basic technical skills.
A massive programme of basic vocational and skills training should be launched on a parallel with the 100 per cent literacy programmes that are now being promoted by many governments to wipe out rural illiteracy.
The military in many developing countries possesses the organizational capabilities and experience with intensive training to assist with this task.
An institutional gap exists in agricultural training systems.
In most developing countries, agricultural colleges, universities and polytechnics train researchers, government, bank employees and extension officers, but not farmers.
Producing more food with less water, less chemicals and less soil erosion requires high levels of skill.
The chain of agricultural training needs to be filled out at the lower level by establishing thousands of village-level farm schools as proposed in the chapter on food security.
The switch from centrally planned to market-oriented economic systems in Eastern Europe cannot be successful until the population has acquired the skills needed to function effectively in the new economic environment.
Under the communist system, emphasis was placed on education and training in technical subjects with little attention to marketing, organizational, commercial and interpersonal skills, which are essential requirements for functioning in a market economy.
A detailed inventory should be compiled of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to the market, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
Intensive training programmes need to be introduced to impart these skills on a massive scale.
Even in the most advanced industrial nations there is vast scope for upgrading skills to improve productivity and to keep pace with rapid technological development.
Inadequate skills are a major impediment to the assimilation of new technologies.
The increasing demands of global competitiveness place pressure on workers in these countries to continuously improve their skills.
The mismatch between the skills of the workforce and the evolving needs of industry aggravates unemployment.
Studies of the return on investment from training programmes document the enormous benefits of continuously upgrading the skills of the workforce.
Private sector investment in training will prove in adequate unless it is encouraged by incentives or complemented by greater public investment in this sector.
Information Superhighways
Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.
In the past, development strategies have tended to place too little emphasis on the power of public awareness to release people’s energies and initiative on a massive scale.
The vast accumulation of knowledge and new technology for rapid dissemination of information that the world possesses today can be utilized to increase the speed of change, eliminate many false starts and wrong turns and much unnecessary suffering.
The goals and strategies recommended in this report aim to accelerate the process of political, social and economic development by creating greater public awareness of desirable and achievable objectives and releasing the initiative of individuals and institutions to pursue them more vigorously.
Information is the most powerful catalyst for this process.
The speed and extent of knowledge transfer are far from optimal between and within nations – even within industrially advanced nations – due to lack of information, out-dated attitudes and beliefs, lingering superstitions, and conventional wisdom.
Ignorance and scepticism about new opportunities are characteristic of development at each stage and in every field of activity.
Information about success stories helps overcome this resistance and spurs people to action.
Enormous potentials are waiting to catch the attention of the society and take off at this moment.
Proven technology exists in many fields that await application because people do not know or do not believe that it can be employed successfully.
Imitation of intensive aquaculture methods commonly employed by farmers in Taiwan and Singapore can raise average fish yields in South Asian, African and Latin American countries 25-fold.
Advanced methods for micro-nutrient management can double or quadruple fruit and vegetable yields in most developing countries.
A complete list of proven but untapped technologies and commercial opportunities should be compiled for each country, each region and local area.
Programmes should be initiated to publicize information about commercialization of agriculture, stimulating industrialization, encouraging self-employment and new business start-ups, improving management practices, etc.
Role of the media
Free and well-developed media are vital to democratization and development.
For this very reason, the dissemination of information by the media carries with it a great responsibility that cannot be effectively shouldered where private profit is the sole motive, or government control limits freedom of expression.
The media can play an invaluable role in disseminating relevant information to the public, but the type and quality of information being carried in most developing countries must be radically improved.
The worldwide tendency to focus on the immediate and dramatic at the expense of that which could make a substantial and lasting contribution to development requires greater efforts to creatively present socially useful information in an easily accessible and interesting form.
Information in developing countries
In the industrial democracies there are usually multiple sources of independent information available to the public on most issues.
The same is not the case in developing countries, where very often the sole source of information is government – which lacks credibility because the quality of information is poor or it is politically motivated – or academic institutions that are insulated from practical, especially commercial, realities.
The need is especially great for broadcasting value-added information at the local level.
Specialized agencies should be established in developing countries in the form of public foundations or independent research institutions to provide a credible, unbiased source of information by identifying critical gaps in public awareness needed to stimulate development in various fields; conducting studies to document proven practices in agriculture, business, education, health, government, media; disseminating information on new opportunities; commissioning films, novels, short stories and syndicated columns to communicate developmental information; supporting pioneering examples of new or improved activities in different fields; encouraging others to imitate successful pioneers; recognizing and rewarding high achievers.
A modest investment in new institutions to disseminate information can have an impact comparable to that of the information superhighways being heralded in the most industrially advanced nations – accelerating adoption of new activities, magnifying response to government programmes, and doubling the total developmental achievements of a country over the next five years.
Information as a stimulus to transition
The people of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union are highly educated, but long deprived of free access to information.
Recent economic reforms have dramatically increased the importance of information in the functioning of the economy.
The breakdown of the command system necessitates the establishment of new channels for the dissemination of information about economic principles, commercial opportunities and successful practices within and outside the country.
The macro-economic reforms introduced to free prices and legalize private property cannot generate the desired results, unless the population is also given easy access and exposure to a very wide range of essential in formation on new technologies, legal re forms, trade potentials, self-employment opportunities and modern management practices.
The plethora of new laws, regulations and deregulations being enacted in these countries have left the population baffled and bewildered regarding what is now legal or illegal, acceptable or not permissible.
The transition of these nations can be significantly accelerated by systematic dissemination of important information to the population regarding potentials in agriculture, industry, technology, commerce, management and law, as well as in politics, public administration, international relations, education, social institutions and health.
Information needs of industrial nations
Even in the information-rich West, where the average citizen is over whelmed by a continuous barrage of ideas, opinions and so-called ‘facts’ of varying accuracy and credibility from myriad sources, there is a need for more reliable information.
This superabundance conceals gaping holes of ignorance.
American foreign policy toward the USSR in the 1980s was certainly influenced by the fact that, as recently as 1988, more than 50 per cent of Americans believed the Soviets fought against the United States in the Second World War.
The irrational alarm which economists sounded in the late 1970s about the impact of inflation on the poor in the US overshad owed compelling evidence published by a leading economic institution that poorer Americans were actually better off and it was primarily the rich who were less advantaged by the price rise.
The importance of continuous investment in training is not fully understood by all but the most advanced corporations.
There is considerable scope for increasing awareness in areas such as self-employment opportunities, the linkage between education and career development, management practices, and foreign trade opportunities.
Ignorance and superstition concerning drugs, crime, ethnic and race relations, the environment, health, education, child care, and the life of the elderly demoralize the population and make effective socialaction difficult in these areas.
These problems can be minimized by educating the public to understand the changes taking place and to adopt appropriate new behaviours.
Raising awareness internationally
Public opinion is an even more important determinant at the international level, since the authority of global institutions is still quite limited.
Rising ethnic and nationalistic sentiments threaten the integrity of states and impede progress toward regional cooperation and global governance in many countries, because their populations lack reliable information regarding the enormous costs of political and economic fragmentation.
The global debate over the Uruguay Round of GATT has been obscured by lack of clear information regarding its impact on the countries involved.
International negotiations on debt, aid and the environment are complicated by lack of awareness about the opportunities that greater economic integration will generate for all nations.
International institutions, non-governmental agencies and the international media play an important role in providing information to the world community, but there are still huge gaps to be filled in all fields.
A conscious and systematic effort is required at the international level to put in place both the institutions and the technology for information superhighways needed to support peace, democracy and sustainable development in the twenty-first century.
Building Social Organization for Development
The achievement of peace, food security and full employment cannot be accomplished without more fully utilizing one of the most creative and productive of all human resources – organization.
The march of humanity is marked by the development of larger-scale, more complex and more efficient types of organizations to serve higher and wider social needs.
Advances in the technology of organization, as much as advances in the technology of production, have been responsible for global progress during the present century and, especially, during the post-war period.
We have argued earlier that establishment of effective and lasting peace requires a radical restructuring of the existing institutions for global governance.
Unless and until the UN comes to embody in its own functioning the principles of representative democracy, it cannot hope to play a leading role in maintaining peace and freedom in the world.
As government and political leaders know only too well, an organization with responsibility but without authority is doomed to failure.
Unless UN member states invest international institutions with the necessary authority and meet their financial commitments to support them, the world will continue to drift and flounder, powerless to oppose petty dictators and ruthless aggression.
Unless a cooperative world military force comes into existence, every country will continue to be burdened with the enormous expense and insecurity characteristic of the old system.
Perhaps more than any other institution, the military has under stood and demonstrated the enormous power of organization to accomplish a goal.
The Gulf War was a dramatic illustration of the importance of reliable information, perfect planning, logistical support systems, effective chains of command and swift responsiveness to changing situations.
If humankind could mobilize and apply the same efficiency to the war on poverty and unemployment that it has exhibited in preparing for and waging military wars against each other, very soon there would be no more poverty or unemployment to fight.
During the Second World War Ford Motors converted from manufacture of cars for the masses to making trucks and airplanes for the military, producing B-24 bombers at the rate of one per hour from a single production plant.
If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.
That requires human resourcefulness in organizational innovation.
Organization is the means by which people work together cooperatively to achieve common goals and, in the process, to serve society in a wide range of functions.
The achievement of food security and full employment depends on the establishment of new types of public and private organizations – commercial, financial, industrial, export, research, educational and training.
These institutions are needed to encourage, support, standardize, regulate and control development activities.
New institutions lie behind the success of most major development achievements.
India’s Green Revolution was as much a product of new quasi-governmental organizations created for supplying inputs, warehousing and marketing as it was of new farm technology.
India’s dairy revolution was propelled by the rapid proliferation of producer cooperatives.
Thirty years ago government was the only agency capable of setting up and managing activities on so massive a scale.
Today the society is more developed and many of these functions can be handled more efficiently in the private sector.
In either case, organization must play a central role.
Wherever countries fail to live up to their natural potential, some institutional gap will be found that prevents new activities from taking off.
In examining the potentials of commercial agriculture and agro-exports in India, ICPF identified critical missing links in the organization of production, transfer of technology, training, and the storage, processing, marketing and distribution of perishable commodities.
Extension of proven systems can significantly accelerate development.
The establishment of a new type of institution – the township and village industries – in China, and the unique system for linking them with scientific institutions, made possible the country’s phenomenal achievements in rural enterprise and employment generation.
These enterprises now represent 16.5 per cent of all businesses in China and employ 22 per cent of the workforce.
Institutional innovations of this type are possible in every state and every country.
A comparative study of institutions and systems in more and less developed regions and countries for every major sector will make it possible to construct accurate scales and reliable road maps for more rapid development.
In the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, the social institutions that served under the centralized command system need to be transformed out of recognition, or entirely replaced, in order to support a market-oriented system.
Attempts at economic reform that focus primarily on changing laws and public policy without creating the necessary institutional infrastructure cannot succeed.
Thousands of systems that have been fashioned by human resourcefulness are needed to support economic activity in different fields.
The system of warehouse receipts enables American grain traders to purchase unseen crops with full confidence in their quality.
The absence of this simple system retards trade on the recently established commodity markets in Russia and other CIS countries.
A complete listing of essential institutions, small and large, should be compiled, based on the experience of other nations, and plans drawn up for introducing them.
Thus far, the development of social organizations, like the development of technologies, has been partial, piecemeal and sectoral, leaving large gaps between parallel and interrelated activities and institutions.
This is especially evident at the international level where the organization of the collective social life of humanity is rudimentary and fragmentary, though far more complete than it was a few decades ago.
In spite of the phenomenal growth in global communications, transportation, commerce, finance and tourism, it is still more difficult to carry out most activities internationally than it is domestically, because the international activities are not as well organized.
For instance, transfer of technology still involves a process that is largely trial and error.
Firms in developing countries seeking to acquire the best available technology for importation or acquisition have to search at considerable expenditure of time and money to discover what is available within their own country as well as overseas.
The process of identifying and commercially transferring technology can be vastly simplified and accelerated by the establishment of international technology transfer corporations, sponsored by UN agencies such as UNESCO and UNIDO, specializing in all major fields of technology.
These corporations should be operated on a commercial, for-profit basis, though governments of developing countries could become shareholders in order to promote their formation.
Each corporation could undertake a detailed study of available technologies in its field and offer to assist corporate customers in developing countries in selecting the most appropriate technology to meet their needs.
The corporations could also acquire the rights to important technologies with large-scale applications and then market them widely.
Velocity of social forces
Speed is a powerful engine for development and an important index of organizational efficiency and effectiveness.
The higher the level of organization and development, the faster everything moves.
The more developed the society, the faster it communicates new ideas and new information, develops new technologies and products, establishes new systems and institutions, adopts new policies and laws, transports goods, delivers services and carries out activities.
Money, information, education, technology, public opinion, training, administrative decisions, transport, and communication are powerful social forces and resources.
Their productivity can be increased by increasing the speed with which they are employed, in the same way that land productivity can be raised by increasing cultivation from one to two cropping seasons per year.
In the most industrially advanced nations, the velocity of money is roughly 2.5 to 3 times higher than in the average developing country.
Removing administrative red tape and inefficiencies in the banking system can multiply the use value and productivity of real money, because the same money can be utilized for more transactions.
The same is true for information, technology, training, transport and other factors.
Increasing the speed of dissemination of information and new technology can accelerate the creation of new businesses and new jobs.
In many developing countries, inefficient bureaucracies are slow to take decisions, issue licences, review applications, sanction loans, and amend legislation.
This inefficiency directly impacts on the pace of development.
Streamlining and expediting decision making and the movement of other social resources is a highly effective strategy for spurring development.
Comparative scales need to be created to measure the movement of each of these social forces within and between nations.
Strategies can be evolved to stimulate more rapid overall development by directly acting to increase the velocity of these forces up to ten-fold or even more.
Progressive Attitudes
The world we live in today is an external expression of our inner attitudes.
The world we aspire towards can be realized only by acquiring the attitudes corresponding to those achievements.
Every political leader knows the power of attitudes.
Great leaders possess the power to change them.
Many of those who frankly acknowledge that external limitations such as money and technology are not insurmountable barriers to changing the world erect an alternative myth of inner determinism by insisting that the attitudes of people, and especially their leaders, cannot be changed.
In contrast, we view attitudes as one of the greatest of human resources, one that possesses a remarkable capacity for adaptation.
Over the past two decades, we have witnessed and been parties to a radical change in attitudes of people, leaders and nations around the world regarding preservation of the environment.
It would have been difficult to conceive in 1970 that, in spite of the myriad technological difficulties and powerful economic interests at stake, the entire world would make such a dramatic shift of attitude so quickly.
This change was not brought about from above by enlightened leadership, but rather from below in response to a swelling tide of public awareness and concern, growing as a result of the work of countless individuals, voluntary agencies and research institutions projected through the media, confirmed by the findings of the UN World Commission on Environment and Development, embodied in the specific resolutions of the Earth Summit and in the growing body of environmental laws being adopted by every country, and now commonly incorporated in the educational curricula at every level.
The changes called for in this report require changes of attitude of this magnitude.
But no longer is it necessary for a great visionary leader to espouse a new attitude.
The higher general levels of public education, the worldwide extension of the media and the active initiative of literally thousands of institutions serving the public interest can exert a powerful force for change, which sooner or later political leaders will accept and espouse.
What is the shift in attitudes demanded to achieve global peace and prosperity?
From a competitive, egocentric, state-centred attitude toward national security, that seeks to enhance security for some nations at the expense of the rest of the world, to an attitude of true global cooperation for collective human security.
From demanding that other nations grant democratic rights to their people to a willingness to extend democratic principles to the governance of international institutions.
From preoccupation with problems and limitations to an appreciation of the opportunities for more rapid development.
From wanting to meet people’s minimum needs to wanting to help them realize their maximum potentials.
From the attitude that everything is determined by external constraints – money, other nations, political leaders, the general public – to the attitude that everything is determined by our inner resource fulness and that there are no limits to what it can accomplish.
From viewing the developing world as a problem or a burden to viewing it as a vast untapped potential for global progress.
From feeling that those who cannot find jobs must be paid social welfare to the attitude that everyone must be offered opportunities for gainful employment.
Cultural Values and Development
The growing violence, more and more visible disparities between rich and poor, and large-scale destruction of the environment cited in this report have raised widespread concern that the present course of development is undermining the cultural as well as the natural environment for human development.
A careful analysis of the relationship between culture and development reveals that cultural values are the essential foundation for all lasting social achievement.
The security, stability, productivity, growth and sustainability of society are determined by its values.
This report calls upon nations and the international community to make a conscious shift to values that can generate greater domestic and international security, higher rates of sustainable growth, and more equitable distribution of benefits for all.
The insistence on immediate abolition of war, eradication of poverty, democratic human rights and full employment expresses a commitment to the pre-eminent values of human life, social and economic as well as political freedom, and the development of the full potential of the individual.
The achievement of these high human values also requires the achievement of a large number of physical, organizational, social and psychological values: higher productivity, better quality, more efficient utilization of resources, faster speed, more systematic functioning, improved coordination and cooperation, punctuality, cleanliness, open-mindedness, tolerance, harmony and a host of other values essential for high achievement in any field.
Therefore, we have stressed repeatedly the importance of the value of integration in the formulation of strategies, of maximum utilization of human and social as well as material and technological resources, of greater speed and organization, and other values.
Values are a powerful instrument to spur development.
They are goals or standards that set the direction and mobilize the collective cultural energies of the society for great accomplishment.
They prompt us to strive for the maximum that is conceivable, rather than the mini mum that is achievable.
Values form the basis for the tremendous developmental achievements of the past two hundred years, such as the Japanese commitment to teamwork and consensus, the American devotion to enterprise and innovation, the German dedication to quality, and the Dutch commitment to partnership with other people, rather than exploitation.
Development is retarded by the slow pace at which new values are acquired, which normally requires a change of generation.
But values can also be consciously transmitted through education in order to abridge the time needed for transition.
The efforts over the last ten years to implement the value of environmental security illustrate the range of knowledge, information, attitudes, institutions, systems, and skills needed to achieve any high value in life.
The recommendations presented in this report are intended to form a basis for identifying and providing the values, attitudes, organizations and skills needed to achieve peace and prosperity at the dawn of the third millennium.
It is well known that societies which are able to harness their cultural energies for development tend to progress very rapidly.
Yet at the same time, we know that cultural factors can also be a barrier to rapid progress.
Clinging to the external forms and norms of behaviour which distinguish one culture from another generates resistance to progress, whereas the inner content of culture is a powerful engine for collective achievement.
Customs are the external form of culture, values are the inner content.
The customs vary widely, but the values are universal.
The controversy over the relationship between culture and development is complicated by the fact that development both creates and destroys cultural forms and values.
Every developmental achievement results in an abandonment of old behaviours and attitudes, and the acceptance of new ones.
Development destroys survival-based, traditional values and creates achievement-oriented, progressive values.
Over the last two centuries in countries around the world development has strengthened expansive values that encourage greater freedom, tolerance, individual initiative, self-confidence and self-respect, dynamism, risk-taking, efficiency, punctuality, organization, communication and cooperation, open-mindedness and respect for new ideas, innovation and creativity.
At the same time development has weakened values that support respect for tradition and hierarchy, seniority and authority, self-effacement and humility, patience and perseverance, generosity and self-sacrifice.
The nineteenth century tolerated values based on the exploitation by people over people through slavery, colonialism and war, and the domination of nature by man.
The guiding values for the coming century are freedom and respect for the individual, social equity, tolerance of human diversity and harmony with the environment.
Development is widely regarded as the cause of moral decline and increasing corruption, crime and violence.
These negative consequences are primarily due to the fact that freedom has been extended to vast sections of the population which were confined in the past by rigid social barriers and minimum expectations, so they never had need or occasion to embrace the values they now eschew.
The earlier self-restraint has been replaced by a self-assertion that has not yet acquired the productive values needed for achievement.
Rising expectations enhance this tendency.
While it is true that corruption is more prevalent today than ever before, it is also true that the entire global economy functions on the basis of a faith, honesty, openness and tolerance that would have been inconceivable in the past.
We mourn the loss of cloistered values, which were very often accompanied by narrow rigidity and provincialism, while failing to recognize the enormous growth in positive human values that has made possible the incredible progress of the past few decades.
In past centuries cultural values were handed down to future generations through the family.
Education, which now focuses on the transfer of information, ideas and mental skills, can also impart development-oriented values such as open-mindedness, initiative and innovation.
Integration and tolerance of diversity are crucial values for the further development of the human community.
Yet the increasing speed of globalization has accentuated a contrary tendency toward increasing fragmentation.
The pull of fragmentation cannot be countered solely at the political level.
Education – both formal and public – is the best means for rapidly communicating and imparting the benefits of integration to the largest numbers of people.
In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
International level
1.Shift resources from defence to human resource development: Worldwide, massive investment is needed to improve the quantity and quality of education and training.
A substantial portion of these resources will have to come from reduced military spending.
But as recent experience illustrates, savings in defence spending will not automatically go to this sector.
The UN Social Summit should adopt specific goals for reducing military expenditure worldwide and channelling a specific percentage of the savings into education, vocational training, public information and other programmes for development of human resources.
Each country should set similar goals.
The Commission recommends that a minimum of 10 per cent of the reductions in defence expenditure be invested in education.
2.Comprehensive, human-centred theory of development: An important shift in thinking has taken place from regarding development primarily in terms of economic growth to greater emphasis on the human welfare and development of people.
But development is not only a set of goals or material achievements – it is a social process by which human beings progressively develop their capacities and release their energies for higher levels of material achievement, social and cultural advancement, and psychological fulfilment.
New theory is needed that focuses on the dynamic role of information, attitudes, social institutions and cultural values in the development process.
An international effort should be initiated at the forthcoming UN Social Summit to evolve a comprehensive, human-centred theory of individual and social development that will lead to the formulation of more effective strategies to accelerate the development process.
UNDP's approach to human security and sustainable development is an important contribution to this effort.
3.Social organization index: It is now widely recognized that a country's social organization or 'social capital' is a key determinant of its development.
Measures and indices such as UNDP's Human Development Index that provide a comparative national assessment of progress on key dimensions of development generate greater awareness and stimulate greater political will and social initiative to improve performance.
In a similar manner, UNDP should commission a programme to construct a Social Organization or Social Capital Index consisting of one or more scales to measure the organizational development of countries covering major sectors such as commerce, industry, agriculture, education, health care, and technical training.
The index should evaluate the level of social organization in terms of its overall support to activities in each of these fields as well as the number and quality of institutions providing this support.
Where objective measures are not possible, a rank or relative scale will suffice.
These scales can then be utilized by countries to assess their own level of organizational development and to identify key areas where improvement is most needed.
4.Scale of Productive -Skills: UNESCO should commission studies to construct a series of scales to measure the level of key skills in societies at different stages of development.
The scales should assess the quantitative and qualitative development of key physical, technical, vocational and organizational skills, so that countries can more accurately identify high priority areas for training.
Developing countries
5.Eradicate illiteracy: All developing countries should commit themselves to achieving UNESCO's goal of eradicating illiteracy by the year 2000, engaging the participation of educational institutions, non-governmental agencies, military and national service corps personnel.
6.Educate the girl child: Central and state governments should give the highest possible priority to raising the educational achievements of female children.
